1	Toy Story (1995)	Animation, Children's, Comedy	A group of sentient toys, who pretend to be lifeless when humans are around, are preparing to move into a new house with their young owner Andy Davis, his infant sister Molly, and their single mother Mrs. Davis. Learning that Andy's birthday party has been unexpectedly moved to an earlier date, several toys — including Mr. Potato Head, Slinky Dog, Rex the tyrannosaur, Hamm the piggy bank, and Bo Peep the porcelain doll — become concerned that Andy might receive something that will replace them. To calm them, Sheriff Woody, Andy's favorite toy and their de facto leader, sends Sarge and his green army men to spy on Andy's birthday party with a baby monitor. Andy receives a Buzz Lightyear action figure, who believes he is an actual Space Ranger and does not know he is really a toy. Buzz impresses the others with his high-tech features and becomes Andy's new favorite toy, provoking Woody's jealousy.Two days before the move, Andy's family plans for a dinner at Pizza Planet. To ensure Andy brings him along and not Buzz, Woody tries knocking Buzz behind the desk with RC, the radio-controlled car. However, Buzz is accidentally knocked out of the bedroom window instead, and most of the other toys believe Woody has deliberately killed Buzz. Andy takes Woody with him, but Buzz furiously confronts him in the car. The two fight, fall out of the car, and are left behind; after a further quarrel, they hitch a ride to the restaurant on a Pizza Planet delivery truck.At Pizza Planet, Buzz mistakes a claw crane full of toy aliens for a rocket, and climbs in, pursued by Woody. Sid Phillips, Andy's sadistic next-door neighbor, takes the two from the crane to his house, where they encounter his Bull Terrier Scud and his "mutant" toys, made from parts of other toys Sid has destroyed.Buzz witnesses a television commercial promoting him and suffers an existential crisis, realizing he is a toy after all. He attempts to fly but falls and severs his arm. After Sid's toys fix Buzz, Sid tapes Buzz to a firework rocket, planning to blow him up the following day. Overnight, Woody helps Buzz realize that his purpose is to make Andy happy, restoring Buzz's resolve. Sid takes Buzz out to blow him up, but Woody rallies the mutant toys to come to life in front of Sid and frighten him into never harming toys again.Now freed, Woody and Buzz pursue the Davis' moving truck, but Scud attacks Woody. Buzz stays behind to fight off the dog; Woody climbs into the truck, and pushes RC out to rescue Buzz. Thinking Woody has killed another toy, the others also toss him out of the truck. When Woody and Buzz pursue the truck on RC, the other toys see them and realize their mistake. RC's batteries run out, forcing Woody to ignite the rocket strapped to Buzz. As the two are propelled into the air, Buzz opens his wings to sever the tape just before the rocket explodes; he and Woody glide through the sunroof of Mrs. Davis' car, landing safely inside.As the toys listen in on the Christmas gift opening in the new house, Mr. Potato Head is delighted when Molly gets a Mrs. Potato Head. Woody and Buzz jokingly ponder what gift could be "worse" than Buzz, only to nervously smile at each other when Andy gets a dachshund puppy.
2	GoldenEye (1995)	Action, Adventure, Thriller	In 1986, MI6 agents James Bond and Alec Trevelyan infiltrate a clandestine Soviet chemical weapons lab. After witnessing Trevelyan being seemingly executed by the facility's commanding officer, Colonel Arkady Grigorovich Ourumov, Bond destroys the site and escapes in a stolen aircraft.Nine years later, following the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Bond attempts to prevent Xenia Onatopp, a member of the Janus crime syndicate, from stealing a Eurocopter Tiger attack helicopter during a military demonstration in Monte Carlo, but is unsuccessful. Returning to MI6 Headquarters in London, Bond joins MI6 staff monitoring an incident in Severnaya, Siberia, after the stolen helicopter turns up at a radar site there. An electromagnetic pulse blast suddenly hits the site, destroying it and several Russian fighter aircraft, while knocking out some satellite systems in orbit.The newly appointed M assigns Bond to investigate, after it is determined that the blast came from a Soviet-era satellite armed with a nuclear electromagnetic pulse space-based weapon, codenamed "GoldenEye". Although Janus is suspected of initiating the attack, Bond suspects that Ourumov, now a general, was involved, because the weapon system required high-level military access. Travelling to Saint Petersburg, Bond contacts CIA operative Jack Wade, who advises him to meet the former KGB agent turned gangster, Valentin Dmitrovich Zukovsky, and have him arrange a meeting with Janus. Escorted to the meeting by Onatopp, Bond discovers that Janus is led by Trevelyan, who had faked his death. He learns that Trevelyan seeks vengeance for his parents, Lienz Cossacks who were betrayed by the British by being repatriated to the Soviet Union after collaborating with the Axis powers during World War II.Bond is sedated and trapped in the stolen Tiger alongside programmer Natalya Simonova, a survivor of the Severnaya attack. After escaping the helicopter before it explodes, the pair are taken into custody and interrogated by Russian Minister of Defence Dimitri Mishkin. Natalya affirms Ourumov's involvement in the use of GoldenEye, and that fellow programmer Boris Grishenko survived along with her and is now working for Janus in operating a second GoldenEye satellite. Before Mishkin can act on the information, Ourumov kills him and captures Natalya. Commandeering a T-55 tank, Bond pursues Ourumov to a missile train used by Janus. He kills Ourumov and escapes the train with Natalya before it explodes.Bond and Natalya travel to Cuba, after Boris is traced to a location within the island's jungles. While flying over the area, the pair are shot down. Onatopp is lowered from a helicopter and attacks them, but Bond destroys the helicopter and snaps her spinal column. The pair uncover a hidden base beneath a large artificial lake, concealing a satellite dish. Bond is captured while setting explosives and learns from Trevelyan that he intends to steal money from the Bank of England and use GoldenEye to erase its financial records and conceal the theft. Bond surmises that Trevelyan intends for the electromagnetic pulse to trigger a global financial meltdown and social collapse, causing the United Kingdom to "reenter the Stone Age".Natalya hacks into the satellite and reprograms it to initiate atmospheric re-entry and thus destroy itself. She is then captured as well. While trying to undo her programming, Boris nervously presses on a pen confiscated from Bond, activating a grenade concealed in the pen by Q Branch. Bond knocks the pen from Boris's hand and into a puddle of chemicals that were spilled during an earlier firefight, causing a chemical explosion that allows Bond and Natalya to escape.To prevent Boris from regaining control of the satellite, Bond sabotages the dish's antenna by jamming its gears. Trevelyan tries to intercept him, and the ensuing fight between the two culminates in Trevelyan being dangled below the antenna. Bond then drops Trevelyan into the bottom of the dish. The GoldenEye satellite is subsequently destroyed. Natalya soon rescues Bond in a commandeered helicopter, moments before the antenna malfunctions and explodes, destroying the base. The debris falls onto Trevelyan, crushing him to death, and Boris dies from an explosion caused by ruptured liquid nitrogen canisters. After landing in a meadow, Bond and Natalya prepare to enjoy some solitude together but are interrupted by the arrival of Wade and a team of U.S. Marines, who escort them to Guantanamo Bay Naval Base.
3	Four Rooms (1995)	Thriller	On New Year's Eve, bellhop Sam (Marc Lawrence) of the Hotel Mon Signor briefs his replacement, Ted (Tim Roth).The film's animated opening credits, inspired by the cartoons of The Pink Panther Show, feature the scat song "Vertigogo" by Combustible Edison.
4	Get Shorty (1995)	Action, Comedy, Drama	Chili Palmer is a Miami-based loan shark and movie buff. When his leather jacket is taken by rival mobster Ray "Bones" Barboni, Chili retrieves it and breaks Bones' nose. Bones ambushes him at his office, but Chili shoots first, grazing Bones' forehead. Bones' boss refuses to retaliate, reminding him that Chili is under the protection of Brooklyn mob boss Momo.After Momo dies of a heart attack, Bones takes over his operation and demands that Chili collect an outstanding debt from Leo Devoe, a dry cleaner who died in a plane crash. Chili learns from Leo's wife Faye that her husband is alive, having left the plane before takeoff; she received a settlement of $300,000, but Leo ran away with the cash. Chili tracks Leo to a Las Vegas casino, where he accepts an additional job to collect a large gambling debt from B-movie director Harry Zimm.Surprising Harry in Los Angeles at the home of scream queen Karen Flores, Chili pitches him his real-life chasing of Leo's debt as an idea for a movie. Harry persuades Chili to help him placate his investors Bo Catlett and Ronnie Wingate, who use their limo service as a drug front. Having gambled away the pair's $200,000 investment, Harry shows Chili the script he really wants to make, Mr. Lovejoy; he needs $500,000 to buy the rights from the writer's widow, Doris. Chili confronts Leo and takes his money to invest in Mr. Lovejoy, deciding to become a Hollywood producer, and rejects Bo's suggestion that they collaborate.Bo has left $500,000 in a locker at the airport for his Colombian contacts to collect. A naive gangster, Yayo Portillo, is sent to collect the money but refuses after Bo warns him that DEA agents are watching the locker. At Bo's cliffside home, Yayo threatens to inform on Bo if he is arrested with the cash; Bo shoots and kills Yayo. Bo is later visited by Mr. Escobar, a Colombian drug lord who turns out to be Yayo's uncle, who demands full repayment.Warming to Chili, Karen also wants to become a producer and arranges a meeting with Hollywood star Martin Weir, her ex-husband. Martin is intrigued by Chili's pitch and interested in playing Chili. Sensing that Harry is jealous of Chili and too stupid to realize he is being played, Bo offers him the locker money as a new investment, suggesting he send Chili to fetch it. Sensing a trap, Chili fakes out the DEA agents while confirming the presence of the money. He gets into a confrontation with Bo's enforcer, Bear, but the situation is defused when the two men start discussing Bear's former career as a stuntman.After being seduced by Doris, Harry drunkenly calls Bones, insults him, and asks for another investment; he also reveals that Chili has Leo's money. Bones flies to Los Angeles and brutally beats Harry. When Ronnie interrupts them, Bones shoots him dead and plants the gun on Harry. Bear has a change of heart about the plan to kill Chili, but Bo threatens him and his young daughter. Chili and Karen give in to their mutual attraction, and the next day take a badly injured Harry to a lunch meeting with Martin.Desperate to pay the Colombians, Bo resorts to kidnapping Karen and forcing Chili to give him Leo's money. Chili delivers the money, but Bo then orders Bear to beat him to death; during the fake scuffle, Bear maneuvers Bo into falling into a railing he had loosened earlier, thus making Bo's death look like an accident. Bones breaks into Chili's hotel room, and demands Leo's money at gunpoint. Chili tells him it is in the locker, and Bones walks into the DEA's trap.Sometime later, the production of Get Leo is underway. Chili and Karen are producing, and argue with Martin's agent about an upcoming project they feel he's too short for.
5	Copycat (1995)	Crime, Drama, Thriller	After giving a guest lecture on criminal psychology at a local university, Dr. Helen Hudson, a respected field expert on serial killers, is cornered in the lecture hall's restroom by one of her previous subjects, Daryll Lee Cullum, who has escaped from prison. He kills a police officer and brutally attacks Helen. Another cop subdues Cullum, and he is returned to prison. After the attack, Hudson becomes severely agoraphobic, sealing herself inside her large apartment, conducting her entire life from behind a computer screen, and supported by her live-in assistant, Andy.When a series of similar murders spreads fear and panic across San Francisco, homicide detective M.J. Monahan and her partner, Ruben Goetz, solicit Helen's expertise. Initially reluctant, Helen finds herself drawn into the warped perpetrator's game of wits. As the murders continue, Helen realizes that the elusive assailant draws inspiration from notorious serial killers, including Albert DeSalvo, The Hillside Strangler, David Berkowitz, Jeffrey Dahmer, and Ted Bundy. When the murderer begins contacting and even stalking Helen, they then enlist aid from Cullum, who says he knows about the killer and tells them where the killer will be next.Unfortunately the police are unable to intercept the killer, as (in an unrelated incident at the police station) a suspect is able to access a gun and takes Ruben hostage. The suspect attempts to leave but is shot by M.J. in the right shoulder, only to get back up, shooting and killing Ruben using his left hand. M.J. is left feeling guilty for not fully neutralising the man. She opts to remain working and to continue searching for the serial killer alone.After another murder Helen realizes that the copycat killer has been following the list of serial killers in the same order that she presented them in her university lecture the night she was attacked. They realise he will emulate Jeffrey Dahmer next, but do not know where and when he will strike next. After Andy is picked up by the killer in a club and killed in a manner reminiscent of Dahmer, a witness from the club identifies the killer as a man named Peter Foley, who was known to the police as he had been corresponding with Cullum. After a failed attempt to capture him at his house, M.J. reaches Helen's residence. M.J. discovers Peter has kidnapped Helen and left a video asking M.J. to guess where he has taken Helen. M.J. returns to where Cullum previously attempted to kill her – the lecture hall restroom. Upon arriving, M.J. finds Helen bound, hanged, and gagged in the same manner Cullum previously did. Foley shoots M.J. in the chest, although we can see she is protected by a bulletproof vest, and knocking her unconscious.As Foley prepares to kill M.J., Helen attempts to sabotage Foley's replicated crime scene by hanging herself. Foley panics and cuts Helen down, and the two struggle. Helen is able to escape to the building's roof. Her agoraphobia overtakes her, and Helen finds herself cornered. Accepting her fate, she turns to face Foley. However, just as he is about to kill her, M.J. appears and shoots him in the arm, giving him one last chance to surrender. When he pulls his gun on her, she shoots him repeatedly, finally in the head and killing him.Some time later, Cullum writes to another serial killer, instructing him on how to kill Helen, and revealing that he had been aiding Foley all along.
6	Shanghai Triad (Yao a yao yao dao waipo qiao) (1995)	Drama	Tang Shuisheng has arrived in Shanghai to work  for a Triad Boss, also named Tang. He is taken to a warehouse where two rival groups of Triads carry out an opium deal that goes wrong, leaving one of the rival members dead. Shuisheng is then taken by his uncle to Tang's palatial home, where he is assigned to serve Xiao Jinbao, a cabaret singer and mistress of the Boss. It is soon learned that Jinbao is also carrying on an affair with the Boss's number two man, Song.On the third night, Shuisheng witnesses a bloody gang fight between the Boss and a rival, Fat Yu, in which his uncle is killed. The Boss and a small entourage retreat to an island. There, Jinbao befriends Cuihua, a peasant woman with a young daughter, Ajiao. When Jinbao unwittingly meddles in Cuihua's business, it results in the Boss's men killing Cuihua's lover. Furious, Jinbao confronts the Boss and tells Shuisheng to leave Shanghai.By the seventh day, Song arrives to the island along with Zheng, the Boss's number three man. Shuisheng, while evacuating his bowels in the reeds, overhears hiding men plotting, amongst other things, to kill Jinbao. He rushes back and tells Boss what he heard. During a mahjong game, the Boss and Jinbao calmly confront Song with evidence of his treachery. The gang kills Song's men and buries Song alive. The Boss then informs Jinbao that she will have to die as well for her role in Song's betrayal. Jinbao is calm until she learns that Cuihua is to be killed too, prompting her to futilely attack the Boss. As Shuisheng attempts to save her from her fate, he is thrown back and beaten. The film ends with Shuisheng tied to the sails of the ship as it sails back to Shanghai. The Boss takes Ajiao with him, telling her that Shuisheng needs to learn how to be loyal to the proper people, and how in a few years, Ajiao herself will become another Jinbao.
7	Twelve Monkeys (1995)	Drama, Sci-Fi	A deadly virus released in 1996 wiped out almost all of humanity, forcing survivors to live underground. A group known as the Army of the Twelve Monkeys is believed to have released the virus. In 2035, James Cole is a prisoner living in an underground compound beneath Philadelphia. Cole is selected to be sent back in time to find the original virus to help scientists develop a cure in exchange for a reduced sentence. Cole is troubled by dreams involving a foot chase and a shooting at an airport.Cole arrives in Baltimore in 1990, not 1996 as planned. He is arrested and incarcerated at a mental hospital on the diagnosis of Dr. Kathryn Railly. There he encounters Jeffrey Goines, a mental patient with extreme environmentalist and anti-corporate views. Cole is interviewed by a panel of doctors and tries to explain that the virus outbreak has already happened and cannot be prevented.After an escape attempt, Cole is sedated and locked in a cell but he disappears and awakens back in 2035. He  is interrogated by the scientists, who play a distorted voicemail message that asserts the association of the Army of the 12 Monkeys with the virus. He is also shown photos of numerous people suspected of being involved, including Goines. The scientists offer Cole another chance to complete his mission and send him back in time. Cole briefly arrives at a battlefield during World War I, where he sees another prison inmate who was sent back in time, José. Cole is shot in the leg and gets transported to 1996.In 1996, Railly gives a lecture about the Cassandra complex to a group of scientists. At the post-lecture book-signing, Railly meets Dr. Peters, who tells her that apocalypse alarmists represent the sane vision while humanity's gradual destruction of the environment is the real lunacy.Cole arrives at the venue after seeing flyers publicizing it. When Railly departs, he kidnaps her and forces her to take him to Philadelphia. They learn that Goines is the founder of the Army of the 12 Monkeys before they set out in search of him. When Cole confronts Goines, he denies any involvement with the group and says that in 1990, Cole originated the idea of wiping out humanity with a virus stolen from Goines' virologist father, Dr. Leland Goines.Cole is transported back to 2035, where he reaffirms to the scientists his commitment to his mission and asks to be sent back to complete it. When he finds Railly again in 1996, he tells her that he now believes himself crazy as she had suggested. Railly has discovered evidence of his time travel to the Great War which she shows him, believing he is sane. They decide to depart for the Florida Keys before the start of the plague.Cole and Railly learn that the Army of the 12 Monkeys was not the source of the epidemic; the group's major act of protest is releasing animals from a zoo and placing Goines' father in an animal cage. At the airport, Cole leaves a message telling the scientists that they are on the wrong track following the Army of the 12 Monkeys and he will not return. Cole is confronted by José, who gives Cole a handgun and instructs him to follow orders. Railly spots Dr. Peters at the airport and recognizes him from a newspaper as an assistant of Goines' father. Peters is about to embark on a tour of several cities that matches the viral outbreaks chronologically and geographically.Cole is informed of Peters by Railly, then forces his way through a security checkpoint in pursuit of Peters. Cole draws his gun, then is shot by police. As he lies dying in Railly's arms, she scans the crowd around her. She makes eye contact with a small boy: the young James Cole witnessing the scene of his death, which will replay in his dreams for years to come. Peters, aboard the plane with the virus, sits down next to Jones, one of the scientists from the future, who comments that her job is "insurance". The young Cole watches a plane take off from the ground outside the airport.
8	Babe (1995)	Children's, Comedy, Drama	After being used in a "guess the weight" contest at a county fair, orphaned pig Babe is brought home to the farm of the contest winner, Arthur Hoggett. There he is taken in by Border Collie Fly, her irascible mate Rex and their puppies and befriends a duck named Ferdinand, who wakes people by crowing like a rooster every morning so he will be considered useful and be spared from being eaten. Dismayed when the Hoggetts buy an alarm clock, Ferdinand persuades Babe to help him get rid of it. In doing so, they wake Duchess, the Hoggetts' cat, and wreck the house in the ensuing chaos. Rex sternly instructs Babe to stay away from Ferdinand and the house. Seeing Fly saddened when her puppies are put up for sale, Babe lets her adopt him. With the Hoggett's relatives visiting for Christmas, Hoggett decides against choosing Babe for Christmas dinner, and tells his wife Esme that Babe may bring a prize for ham at the next county fair. Ferdinand's love interest Rosanna is served instead, prompting Ferdinand to escape the farm. Babe investigates the fields, where he witnesses a pair of sheep rustlers stealing Hoggett's sheep and quickly alerts Fly and Hoggett, preventing the rustlers from taking the whole flock. Impressed after seeing Babe sort hens, separating the brown from the white ones, Hoggett takes him to try and herd the sheep. Encouraged by an elderly ewe named Maa, Babe gets the sheep to cooperate by asking nicely, but Rex perceives Babe's actions as an insult to sheepdogs. When Fly stands up for Babe, Rex attacks and injures her and bites Hoggett's hand when he tries to intervene.  Rex is subsequently chained to the dog house and sedated, leaving the sheep herding job to Babe. One morning, Babe scares off a trio of feral dogs attacking the sheep, but Maa is mortally injured and dies as a result. Hoggett, thinking Babe was responsible, prepares to shoot him, but Fly finds out the truth from the other sheep and distracts Hoggett long enough for Esme to inform him about the dogs' attacks on neighbouring farms.When Esme leaves on a trip, Hoggett signs Babe up for a local sheep herding competition. As it is raining the night before, Hoggett lets him and Fly into the house, where he is scratched by Duchess, who in turn is temporarily confined outside as punishment. When she is let back in later, she gets revenge on Babe by revealing that humans consume pigs. After learning from Fly that this is true, Babe runs away and Rex finds him the next morning in a cemetery. Hoggett brings a demoralised Babe home, where he refuses to eat. Hoggett feeds him from a baby bottle, sings "If I Had Words" and dances a jig for him, restoring Babe's faith in Hoggett's affection.At the competition, Babe meets the sheep that he will be herding, but they ignore his attempts to speak to them. As Hoggett is criticised by the bemused judges and ridiculed by the public for using a pig instead of a dog, Rex runs back to the farm to ask the sheep what to do. After promising he will treat them better from now on, the sheep disclose to him a secret password. He returns in time to convey the password to Babe, and the sheep now follow his instructions flawlessly. Amid the crowd's acclamation, Babe is unanimously given a perfect score. When Babe sits down next to the farmer, Hoggett praises him with the standard command to sheep dogs that their job is done, "That'll do, Pig. That'll do."
9	Dead Man Walking (1995)	Drama	Matthew Poncelet, who was sentenced to death for the murder and rape of a teenage couple, Walter Delacroix and Hope Percy, has been on death row at the Louisiana State Penitentiary for six years. His accomplice, Carl Vitello, was sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole. As his scheduled execution date approaches, Poncelet asks Sister Helen Prejean, with whom he has corresponded, to help him with a final appeal.Sister Helen decides to visit Poncelet, who is arrogant, sexist and racist, and does not even pretend to feel remorse. He protests his innocence and insists Vitello killed the two teenagers. Convincing an experienced attorney Hilton Barber to take on Poncelet's case pro bono, Sister Helen tries to have his sentence commuted to life imprisonment. After many visits, she establishes a relationship with him. At the same time, she gets to know Poncelet's mother, Lucille, and his three brothers, Craig, Sonny, and Troy. She later meets the victims' parents, Earl Delacroix and Mary Beth and Clyde Percy. The victims' parents do not understand Sister Helen's efforts to help Poncelet, believing that she is "taking his side". They desire "absolute justice" (i.e., his life for those of their children).Sister Helen's application for commutation is rejected. Poncelet asks Sister Helen to be his spiritual adviser through his execution, and she agrees. Sister Helen tells Poncelet that his redemption is possible only if he takes responsibility for what he did. Just before he is taken to be executed, Poncelet tearfully admits to Sister Helen that he had killed Walter Delacroix and raped Hope Percy, before Vitello killed her. As he is prepared for execution, he appeals to Walter Delacroix's father for forgiveness, and tells Hope Percy's parents that he hopes his death brings them peace.Poncelet is executed by lethal injection, and has flashbacks of his crime as he dies. He is later given a proper burial. Walter Delacroix's father attends the funeral ceremony; although he is still filled with hate, he soon begins to pray with Sister Helen.
10	Richard III (1995)	Drama, War	In a fictitious timeline of England in the late 1930s, a civil war (which occurs 450 years later than the historical event) ends with the Lancastrian King Henry and his son Prince Edward assassinated by Field Marshal Richard Gloucester of the rival faction supported by the House of York. Richard's elder brother Edward York becomes King. Richard is determined to take the crown, and pits King Edward against his brother, George Clarence, who is imprisoned under a sentence of death. Richard deceives and marries Prince Edward's widow Lady Anne Neville.Queen Elizabeth intercedes on Clarence's behalf and persuades Edward to spare his life. Richard destroys the royal pardon and commissions a soldier James Tyrrell to murder Clarence, ostensibly in compliance with the original death sentence. Richard informs Edward of Clarence's death at a meeting with Prime Minister William Hastings, and the shocked King dies from a stroke. As Edward's sons are underage, Richard becomes Regent, taking the title of Lord Protector with the support of the ambitious and corrupt Henry Buckingham.To undermine his rivals for the throne, Richard has Rivers, the Queen's brother, assassinated and uses the sordid circumstances of his death to damage the Queen's reputation and cast doubt on her sons' legitimacy. Hastings' reluctance to support Richard's claim to the crown so enrages Richard that he manufactures false charges of treason against the Prime Minister, who is sentenced to hang. Having made an example of his only vocal opponent, Richard persuades the Lord Mayor of London and members of the House of Lords to acknowledge his claim to the throne and crown him King. Acting on the advice of Archbishop Thomas and Lord Stanley, the Lancastrian heir, Henry Richmond, flees to France.Following his coronation Richard, now King Richard III, seeks to make his throne secure. He employs Tyrrell to murder the princes after failing to convince Buckingham to do so. Aware that Richmond intends to marry Elizabeth, he instructs Sir William Catesby to spread rumours that Lady Anne is ill and likely to die, intending to marry Elizabeth. Lady Anne is found dead sometime later from an apparent drug overdose. Impatient for the promised reward for his loyalty, Buckingham demands the Earldom of Hereford. Richard dismisses this in a high-handed manner, with the line "I am not in the giving vein". Buckingham, also disturbed by the murders of the princes and Hastings, flees to meet Richmond but is later captured and killed by Tyrrell on Richard's orders.Richmond gathers supporters, among them Archbishop Thomas and Richard's mother, the Duchess of York. They are joined by Air Marshal Thomas Stanley. Richmond marries Elizabeth and unites both Houses and political factions against Richard. With the army's loyalty slipping and the legitimacy of his claims to the crown weakened, Richard prepares for the final battle against the Lancastrians, who plan an invasion and an advance on London. Richard's remaining loyal troops, assembling in a marshalling yard, are attacked from the air, revealing Stanley's defection to the Lancastrian cause.The two armies meet soon after at a ruined Battersea Power Station. Richard and Richmond seek each other out but when his vehicle stalls Richard flees into the structure. Pursued by Richmond, Richard is forced to climb onto exposed metal beams high above the burning battlefield. Cornered by Richmond and refusing to surrender, Richard falls into the inferno with a maniacal grin, reflected by Richmond.
11	Seven (Se7en) (1995)	Crime, Thriller	In an unnamed city overcome with violent crime and corruption, disillusioned police Detective Lieutenant William Somerset is one week from retirement. He is partnered with David Mills, a young, short-tempered, idealistic detective who recently relocated to the city with his wife, Tracy. On Monday, Somerset and Mills investigate an obese man who was forced to eat until his stomach burst, killing him. The detectives find the word "gluttony" written on a wall. Somerset, considering the case too extreme for his last investigation, asks to be reassigned, but his request is denied. The following day, another victim, who had been forced to cut one pound (0.45 kg) of flesh from his body, is found; the crime scene is marked "greed." Clues at the scene lead Somerset and Mills to the sloth victim, a drug-dealing pederast whom they find emaciated and restrained to a bed. Photographs reveal the victim was restrained for precisely one year. Somerset surmises the murders are based on the Christian concept of the seven deadly sins.Tracy invites Somerset to share supper with her and Mills, helping the detectives overcome their mutual hostility. On Friday, Tracy meets privately with Somerset because she has no other acquaintances in the city. She reveals her unhappiness at moving there, especially after learning she is pregnant, and believes the city is an unfit place to raise a child. Somerset sympathizes with Tracy, having persuaded his former girlfriend to abort their child for similar reasons and regretting it ever since. He advises Tracy to inform Mills only if she intends to keep the child.A remark by Mills inspires Somerset to research libraries for anyone checking out books based on the seven deadly sins, leading the pair to the apartment of a man known only as John Doe. Unexpectedly, Doe returns home and is pursued by Mills. Doe incapacitates him by striking him with a tire iron and holds him at gunpoint, but chooses to leave him alive and flees. The police investigate the apartment, finding a large amount of money, hundreds of notebooks, and photographs of some of his victims; the cache includes images of Somerset and Mills by a person they believed was an intrusive journalist at the sloth crime scene. Doe calls the apartment and speaks of his admiration for Mills.On Saturday, Somerset and Mills investigate the fourth victim, lust, a prostitute who had been raped with a custom-made, bladed strap-on by a man held at gunpoint. The following day, the pride victim is found: a model whom Doe facially disfigured. Unable to live without her beauty, she committed suicide. As Somerset and Mills return to the police station, Doe arrives covered in blood and surrenders himself. He threatens to plead insanity at his trial, potentially escaping punishment, unless Mills and Somerset escort him to an undisclosed location where they will find the envy and wrath victims. During the drive, Doe says he believes God has chosen him to send a message about the ubiquity of, and apathy toward, sin. Doe has no remorse for his victims, believing the murders will force society to pay attention to him.Doe leads the detectives to a remote location far outside city limits, where a delivery van approaches. Somerset intercepts the vehicle, whose driver was instructed to deliver a package to Mills at this specific time and location. He is horrified at the package's contents and tells Mills to put down his gun. Doe reveals he himself represents envy because he envied Mills's life with Tracy and implies the package contains her severed head. He urges Mills to become wrath, telling him Tracy begged for her life and that of her unborn child, and takes pleasure in realizing Mills was unaware of her pregnancy. Despite Somerset's pleas, Mills, distraught and enraged, shoots Doe dead, completing Doe's plan. Police remove the catatonic Mills, and Somerset tells his captain he will "be around." Somerset says in voiceover: "Ernest Hemingway once wrote: 'The world is a fine place, and worth fighting for.' I agree with the second part."
12	Usual Suspects, The (1995)	Crime, Thriller	While lying badly wounded on a ship docked in San Pedro Bay, career criminal Dean Keaton is approached by a shadowy figure whom he calls "Keyser," who shoots him dead and sets fire to the ship. The next day, the police recover 27 bodies and only two survivors: Arkosh Kovash ("Ákos Kovács"), a Hungarian mobster hospitalized with severe burns; and Roger "Verbal" Kint, a physically disabled con artist. U.S. Customs agent Dave Kujan flies to Los Angeles from New York City to interrogate Verbal. The men are left alone in a borrowed office belonging to LAPD police sergeant Jeff Rabin while FBI agent Jack Baer visits a hospitalized Kovács. In an extended flashback, Verbal relates the events that led him, Keaton and their associates onto the ship.Six weeks earlier in New York City, Keaton and Verbal are arrested alongside fellow criminals Michael McManus, Fred Fenster and Todd Hockney and placed in a police lineup as suspects in a truck hijacking that none of them admits to participating in. As the five bond in the police station's holding cell, McManus proposes that they pull a heist to get revenge on the NYPD. Trying to go straight, Keaton initially refuses but eventually agrees to help rob a jewel smuggler being escorted by corrupt cops, netting millions in emeralds, and getting over fifty cops arrested after leaking their activities to the press. They then go to California to fence the jewels through a man named Redfoot, who connects them with another jewel heist. The heist goes badly, and they are forced to kill their target, who is revealed to be carrying synthetic heroin. Shortly after, the men learn that the job was arranged by a lawyer named Kobayashi, who claims to be a representative of Keyser Söze—a mysterious Turkish crime lord who passed into legend after killing his own family while they were held hostage by his Hungarian rivals. Having vanished after killing his family and massacring his rivals, Söze supposedly only conducts business from the shadows via his underlings, most of whom are unaware that they work for him. To most of the criminal underworld, he is a fearsome urban legend, with most unsure whether he truly exists.Kobayashi tells the men that Söze arranged for their arrests in New York after they attracted his attention by unwittingly stealing from him, but he is willing to spare their lives in exchange for them destroying a shipment of $91 million worth of cocaine being brought to San Pedro Bay by Argentinian drug dealers to be sold to a Hungarian gang. Though initially reluctant to take the job, they relent after Fenster is killed while attempting to flee, and after Kobayashi threatens their loved ones when they attempt to ambush him in his office.During Kujan's interrogation, he learns that there was no cocaine on the ship, and Söze was seen on board. At the hospital, Baer learns that Kovács has seen Söze, and has a sketch artist begin drawing a picture of him. At the conclusion of Verbal's flashback, he and his companions attack the ship and kill numerous Argentinian and Hungarian gangsters before discovering that there is no cocaine onboard. An unseen assailant kills Hockney, McManus, Keaton and a prisoner in one of the ship's cabins. The mysterious figure then sets fire to the ship as Verbal looks on from a hiding place on the dock.Kujan learns that the prisoner killed on the ship was Arturo Marquez, a smuggler who escaped prosecution by claiming that he could identify Söze. Rather than dealing cocaine, the Argentinians were actually planning to sell Marquez—the only man who could identify Söze—to his rivals. He also learns that Marquez was represented by lawyer Edie Finneran, Keaton's girlfriend, who was recently murdered. Armed with this information, Kujan deduces that Keaton was actually Keyser Söze: he organized the assault on the boat as a pretext for assassinating Marquez and faking his death. Verbal finally confesses that Keaton was behind everything, but refuses to testify in court. Verbal's bail is posted, and he is released.Moments later, Kujan realizes that Verbal fabricated his entire story, improvising on the spot by piecing together details from random items in Rabin's cluttered office. Verbal walks outside, losing his limp and flexing his supposedly disabled hand. As Kujan pursues Verbal, a fax arrives at the police station with the sketch artist's facial composite of Söze, which resembles Verbal. Moments before Kujan arrives on the scene, Verbal enters a car driven by "Kobayashi" and leaves.
13	Mighty Aphrodite (1995)	Comedy	At the ruins of an ancient Greek theatre in Taormina, Sicily, a Greek chorus introduces and narrates the story of one Lenny Weinrib. Lenny is a sportswriter in Manhattan, married to the ambitious art curator Amanda. The couple adopts a baby boy and names him Max. As Lenny spends more time with Max it becomes evident that the child is remarkably gifted. Intrigued, Lenny becomes obsessed with uncovering the identity of Max's biological mother.After an extensive search Lenny discovers that Max's biological mother is a prostitute and part-time porn star who goes by various names. She reveals her birth name as Leslie Ash and expresses her preference for being called Linda because it means ‘pretty’ in Spanish. Lenny arranges to meet Linda at her apartment but doesn't engage in any intimate activities. Instead he encourages her to leave her current lifestyle behind and pursue a more wholesome life. Linda reacts angrily, returning Lenny's money and demanding that he leave.Undeterred, Lenny remains determined to befriend Linda and improve her circumstances. He successfully helps Linda escape her abusive pimp and then tries to match her up with a boxer named Kevin. Initially they seem like a well-matched couple but their relationship sours when Kevin discovers Linda's background.Meanwhile Lenny and Amanda's marriage begins to falter owing to Lenny's preoccupation with Linda, Amanda's career ambitions and her affair with her colleague Jerry. Amanda eventually confesses to Lenny that she wants to explore her relationship with Jerry. However Lenny and Linda find solace in each other following their respective breakups and end up consummating their relationship. The next day, though, Lenny reconciles with Amanda, realizing that they are still deeply in love.Linda unsuccessfully tries to win back Kevin. While driving back to Manhattan she witnesses a helicopter landing and offers a lift to the pilot, Don. The Greek chorus reveals that Linda and Don will eventually marry, although Linda is now pregnant with Lenny's child. About a year later Linda (with her infant daughter) and Lenny (with Max) meet by chance in a toy store. Unaware of the connection, Linda expresses her gratitude to Lenny for his help and leaves him stunned. In conclusion, the Greek chorus performs a lively song and dance routine.
14	Postino, Il (1994)	Drama, Romance	In 1950, Pablo Neruda, the Chilean poet, is exiled to a small island in Italy for political reasons. His wife accompanies him. On the island, a local, Mario Ruoppolo, is dissatisfied with being a fisherman like his father. Mario looks for other work and is hired as a temporary postman, with Neruda as his only customer. He uses his bicycle to hand deliver Neruda's mail. (The island seems to have no cars.) Though poorly educated, the postman eventually befriends Neruda and becomes further influenced by Neruda's political views and poetry.Meanwhile, Mario falls in love with a beautiful young lady, Beatrice Russo, who works in her aunt's village café. He is shy with her, but he enlists Neruda's help. Mario constantly asks Neruda if particular metaphors that he uses are suitable for his poems. Mario is able to better communicate with Beatrice and express his love through poetry. Despite the aunt's strong disapproval of Mario, because of his sensual poetry (which turns out to be largely stolen from Neruda), Beatrice responds favourably.The two are married. The priest refuses to allow Mario to have Neruda as his best man because of politics; however, this is soon resolved. This was because Di Cosimo was the politician in office in the area with the Christian Democrats. At the wedding, Neruda receives the welcome news that there is no longer a Chilean warrant for his arrest, so he returns to Chile.Mario writes Neruda a letter but never gets any reply. Several months later, he receives a letter from Neruda. However, to his dismay, it is actually from his secretary, asking Mario to send Neruda's old belongings back to Chile. While there Mario comes upon an old phonograph and listens to the song he first heard when he met Neruda. Moved, he makes recordings of all the beautiful sounds on the island onto a cassette including the heartbeat of his soon-to-be-born child.Five years later, Neruda finds Beatrice and her son, Pablito (named in honour of Neruda), in the same old inn. From her, he discovers that Mario had been killed before their son was born. Mario had been scheduled to recite a poem he had composed at a large communist gathering in Naples; the demonstration was violently broken up by the police. She gives Neruda the recordings of village sounds that Mario had made for him. The film ends with Neruda walking on the beach where he used to talk with Mario, showing at the same time the communist gathering in which Mario was killed.
15	Mr. Holland's Opus (1995)	Drama	In the fall of 1964, 30-year-old Glenn Holland is a successful and talented musician and composer from Portland, Oregon. He switches gears, taking a position as a music teacher at John F. Kennedy High School so that he can spend more time with his young wife Iris and work on his symphony. The film covers his 30-year teaching career, set amongst the changes in American society.Holland at first struggles in his new job, but learns how to connect with his students by using rock and roll and other popular music to convince them that music is a fun and worthwhile pursuit. He becomes a popular teacher at the school and rises to the task of creating a school marching band with help from the football coach, Bill Meister, with whom he becomes lifelong friends. Holland persuades principal Helen Jacobs to maintain funding for the school's arts programs, despite a shrinking budget and the objections of vice principal Gene Wolters.The time Holland devotes to his classes, the marching band, orchestra, productions and mentoring both struggling and talented students leaves him little time to work on his symphony, or to spend with his family. When his son, Cole, is found to be deaf, he is severely disappointed that he will never be able to share his love of music. He fails to learn American Sign Language properly, leaving him unable to communicate with his son and creating a rift between him and Iris, who has to raise Cole mostly by herself. As the years progress, Holland grows closer to his students at Kennedy High and more distant from his own son. In 1980, following the assassination of John Lennon, an argument with a teenage Cole finally makes Holland realize the error of his ways. He learns to communicate with his son and help him visualize the music he can't hear, and repairs his relationship with his wife.In 1995, Wolters, now the principal, shuts down the school's arts programs, citing further cuts from the Education Board and the need to prioritize reading, writing and math, and Holland is laid off as a result. Holland makes an impassioned plea to the Board to no avail and becomes despondent, believing that his teaching career has amounted to nothing. On his last day, Holland's wife and son, now a teacher himself, help him clear out his office and quietly leave the otherwise empty school.  Passing the auditorium, Holland finds it is packed full of current and former students who greet him with a standing ovation. Gertrude Lang, a struggling clarinetist from Holland's first year teaching, now Governor of Oregon, gives a speech praising Mr. Holland for the lives he changed over 30 years, including her own. She joins past members of the school's orchestra, who have been practicing the symphony in secret, on stage. Mr. Holland conducts them in its premiere performance.
16	French Twist (Gazon maudit) (1995)	Comedy, Romance	Laurent (Alain Chabat) and Loli (Victoria Abril) are a thirty-ish married couple living in southern France with their young children. He is an estate agent; she is a housewife. Laurent has extramarital affairs.Loli is unaware that her husband is unfaithful. Then one day, a campervan breaks down in front of their house. The driver is Marie-Jo (Josiane Balasko), a 40s-ish butch lesbian who works as a DJ. She asks to use their phone. Loli has a blocked sink, so in exchange for using the phone, Marie-Jo gets Loli's drain back in working order. Loli and Marie-Jo begin an affair. Laurent is upset, but then his friend Antoine (Ticky Holgado) accidentally reveals Laurent's philandering to Loli. This seems to justify her romance. Marie-Jo moves into the house.Antoine then suggests that Laurent let Loli have her way, cease all hostility, and wait for the affair to burn out. Laurent agrees, and the household becomes a seemingly idyllic ménage à trois. But his strategy has its effect, especially after another lesbian couple, old friends of Marie-Jo, happen by. Laurent welcomes them, but Loli becomes annoyed and jealous.Marie-Jo decides that the situation is not really going to work. She knows that Laurent wants her to leave. While Loli is away on a trip, Marie-Jo makes a deal with Laurent. She will break up with Loli and leave immediately, if Laurent will give her something she has wanted for years: a baby. Laurent has sex with Marie-Jo to get her pregnant, and Marie-Jo departs before Loli returns. Laurent tells Loli nothing, as agreed with Marie-Jo.Laurent and Loli settle back down to their old life, but their relationship has been deeply affected. Then Loli hears from a mutual acquaintance that Marie-Jo is living in Paris and is several months pregnant. Loli is astonished and shocked. She insists that she and Laurent go to Paris and contact Marie-Jo. They find her working as a DJ in a lesbian dance club. Their intrusion provokes a quarrel with the club owner, who fires Marie-Jo. Loli and Laurent take her back to their home, where she has her baby.The ménage à trois is re-established, with the two mothers caring for their children. As Laurent goes to buy a bigger a house, he finds the seller, a handsome Spaniard (Miguel Bosé), in his swimming pool. The two then share a breakfast while gazing into each other's eyes, and they share a kiss by the pool.
17	From Dusk Till Dawn (1996)	Action, Comedy, Crime, Horror, Thriller	At a Texas roadside liquor store, fugitive bank robber Seth Gecko and his deranged brother Richie kill the clerk and a Texas Ranger and destroy the building. Richie nurses a gunshot to his hand as they drive down the highway to a motel and unload a hostage bank teller. When Seth returns from picking up dinner he finds that Richie has raped and murdered the hostage.Jacob Fuller, a widowed pastor doubting his faith, arrives at the motel with his teenaged children Scott and Kate. Seth scouts their motor home, kidnaps them and forces them to drive to Mexico. After a tense encounter at the border, the border guard lets them through. They continue to an all-night strip club in the desert called Titty Twister, where the Geckos' contact Carlos will meet them in the morning and escort them to the hideout town of El Rey. The doorman tries to block them, but the Geckos overpower him and walk inside with the Fullers.The rowdy club scene includes Sex Machine, a biker who packs a pistol between his legs, and Frost, a burly Vietnam War veteran. The bartender tells Seth that only bikers and truckers are allowed, but Jacob insists that his motor home license makes him a truck driver, and the bartender agrees. The group settle in to watch a dance by the club's star stripper, Santánico Pandemonium. After the dance the doorman orders them thrown out. Richie lunges and the bartender stabs his wounded hand. Seth shoots the bouncer while Richie counterattacks the bartender. The doorman chuckles at the brothers, who shoot him as well. At the sight of Richie's bloody hand, Santánico transforms into a monstrous vampire and leaps onto Richie to suck his blood.The other strippers reveal themselves as vampires and begin feeding on the patrons as the three dead employees arise. In the chaos Kate kills the doorman by shoving her cross pendant down his throat. Santánico attacks Seth, who kills her by shooting a wooden chandelier that impales her. Sex Machine and Frost dispatch several more vampires by impaling them with wood. After clearing the room, the survivors find the door barred and hear a swarm of bats outside. Richie rises from the dead. Seth tries to protect him, but Jacob says that he is beyond saving, and Seth reluctantly drives a stake into his heart.The survivors rest while Frost tells a war story. Sex Machine, unknown to the others, has been bitten and begins turning into a vampire. While Seth and the Fullers are distracted, Sex Machine creeps up behind Frost and bites him, then Jacob. Frost throws Sex Machine into an overhead window, letting the bats in, and then turns into a vampire. Seth, Kate, and Scott escape to a storeroom. Jacob covers their retreat with a cruciform shotgun and joins them. They fashion weapons from truck cargo that the vampires have looted from past victims. Jacob, knowing he will soon become a vampire, makes Scott and Kate promise to kill him when he changes.The group makes their final assault on the undead. Sex Machine turns into a were-rat and attacks Seth, but is killed by Kate. Jacob kills Frost and then turns into a vampire. Scott kills him, but his hesitation allows Jacob to bite him. Other vampires devour Scott, who begs for death, and Kate shoots him. As vampires surround Kate and Seth, rays of morning light enter through holes in the walls, making the vampires back away. Carlos arrives and his bodyguards blast open the door and flood the room with sunlight, killing the vampires.Seth chastises Carlos for his poor choice of a meeting place and negotiates a smaller price for admission to El Rey. After paying Carlos, he hands Kate some cash and apologizes. She offers to go with him, but Seth responds that he is not that immoral. Kate drives away in the motor home as the Titty Twister is shown to be the top of a buried Aztec temple surrounded by abandoned trucks from various decades.
18	White Balloon, The (1995)	Drama	It is the eve of the Iranian New Year. The film opens in a Tehran market where seven-year-old Razieh (Aida Mohammadkhani) and her mother are shopping. Razieh sees a goldfish in a shop and begins to nag her hurrying mother to buy it for the festivities instead of the skinny ones in her family's pond at home.  Almost all of the film's major characters are briefly seen in this market scene, though they are not introduced to the viewer until later. On their way home, mother and daughter pass a courtyard where a crowd of men has gathered to watch two snake charmers. Razieh wants to see what is happening but her mother pulls her daughter away, telling her that it is not good for her to watch these things.Back home, Razieh is upset about her mother's refusal to let her buy a new goldfish, and continues to nag her mother. Her older brother Ali (Mohsen Kalifi) returns from a shopping errand for their father. He complains that he asked Ali to buy shampoo, not soap, then throws the soap at him. Ali sets off to buy the shampoo and when he returns Razieh asks him to help in changing her mother's mind about the goldfish, bribing him with a balloon. Ali thinks that the 100 tomans cost for the goldfish is a waste of money but helps Razieh in petitioning their mother nonetheless. Her mother gives her the family's last 500-toman banknote and asks her to bring back the change. Razieh sets off with an empty glass jar to the fish shop a few blocks away.Between their home and the fish store, Razieh manages to lose the money twice, first in an encounter with the snake charmer, and then when she drops the money through the grate at the entrance to a store which has been closed for the New Year celebration.Razieh and Ali make several attempts to retrieve the money and while doing so encounter many people, including a kind older woman at the fish shop, the owners of a nearby shop, and an Iranian soldier. The money, however, is always just out of reach. Finally, the siblings receive help from a young Afghan street vendor selling balloons. He carries all of his balloons on a wooden stick, which has three balloons left. Razieh, Ali, and the Afghan boy are unable to retrieve the note with only the stick, so Ali comes up with the idea of sticking gum to the bottom of the stick to retrieve the bill. Ali leaves to buy gum, but returns without any, and finds that the Afghan boy has left Razieh at the grate. However, the Afghan boy soon returns with his stick, now with only one white balloon, and a pack of chewing gum he bought for the group. The group attaches a piece of gum to one end of the balloon stick, and with it they reach down through the grate and pull the money out.The film ends, not with Ali and Razieh, but on a still shot of the young Afghan boy, as he sits at the grate watching Ali and Razieh leave for the shop and soon afterwards return home from buying the goldfish. The Afghan boy sits alone with his stick and white balloon for a while, as the Iranian year 1374 begins, then he gets up to walk away.
19	Antonia's Line (1995)	Drama	Following World War II, the widow Antonia and her daughter Danielle arrive in Antonia's home town where her mother is dying. She reunites with her old friend Crooked Finger, a depressed intellectual who refuses to leave his house. She also begins attracting a following, including Deedee, a mentally handicapped girl, after she is raped by her brother Pitte, and Loony Lips, a simple-minded man who falls in love with Deedee. A pariah, Pitte flees the village. Antonia turns down an offer of marriage from Farmer Bas, but develops a lasting romance with him.Danielle, who has a vivid imagination, becomes an artist and expresses interest in raising a child, while rejecting the idea of having a husband. Antonia and Danielle visit the city to find a man to impregnate Danielle, resulting in the birth of Therèse, a child prodigy. Danielle falls in love with Therèse's tutor, Lara, and they remain together in a lesbian relationship. Therèse develops an understanding and kinship with Crooked Finger beyond what Danielle could be capable of.Years later, Pitte returns to town to collect his inheritance and rapes Therèse. Antonia places a curse on him, after which he is beaten by men of the village and drowned by his brother. Therèse is unable to find her intellectual match but eventually has a relationship with a childhood friend, resulting in her pregnancy. She decides to keep the baby and gives birth to Sarah, the film's narrator, who has a fascination with death. Sarah observes many of her elders die off, including Crooked Finger who commits suicide, and Loony Lips who suffers a tractor accident on the farm. Antonia later dies of old age, surrounded by family and friends.
20	Angels and Insects (1995)	Drama, Romance	William Adamson, a naturalist, returns to Victorian England, staying with his benefactor, Sir Harold Alabaster, a wealthy Baronet. William has lost his possessions in a shipwreck, returning from an extended expedition to the Amazon. Now dependent upon his patron, he is employed to catalog Sir Harold's specimen collection and teach his younger children the natural sciences, assisting their governess, the unassuming Matty Crompton.William becomes enamoured of Sir Harold's eldest daughter, Eugenia. Eugenia is softly spoken, anxious, and mourning the recent death of her fiancé. Despite his impoverishment, Eugenia proves receptive and accepts his marriage proposal. Although Sir Harold grants his approval, Eugenia's snobbish and spoilt brother Edgar dislikes William's humble origins.Soon after the marriage, Eugenia becomes pregnant. Eugenia's behaviour alternates between coldness, locking William out of her room, and intense sexual passion. The couple has five children. She names one son Edgar, in her family's tradition, annoying William. He spends much of his time with the Alabaster children and Matty, observing an ant colony in the forest, with a view to writing a book. Returning via the stables from an excursion, William discovers Edgar raping a teenage servant. Edgar tells William that she consented, but she is clearly terrified. William forms a bond with Matty, who encourages his scientific activities and displays a strong intelligence. The book is successfully published.One day, William is summoned from the hunt to the house by a servant who claims Eugenia wants him. Entering the bedroom, he finds Eugenia and Edgar engaging in incestuous sex. Eugenia confesses that this has occurred since childhood and that her fiancé committed suicide in consequence. She says that when it started she was too young to understand but, after she saw herself through the eyes of her fiancé, she felt guilty. In tears, Eugenia explains that she tried to stop, but that Edgar's will was too strong. William realises that he has been used to conceal the incest and that the children (who bear no resemblance to him) are Edgar's.Matty reveals her knowledge of the affair to William during a Scrabble-like game. Later, she explains that the servants were also aware and arranged for him to find out. Expressing frustration at her life and dependency on the Alabasters, Matty reveals that she has published her own book on the insects and has bought tickets for a ship for the Amazon. William is reluctant; despite his attraction, he feels that the rainforest is unsuitable for a woman. After she assures him of her strength and love for him, William acquiesces.Before leaving, William meets Eugenia and tells her he intends never to return but will continue to financially support their children. He also promises to keep her secret, for fear of injuring her ailing father, and hopes she may find a way to live with her guilt. William and Matty depart in a coach for Liverpool, eager to begin their new adventure and leave the past behind.
21	Muppet Treasure Island (1996)	Action, Adventure, Comedy, Musical, Thriller	Jim Hawkins is a young orphan who lives in an inn in England with his best friends Gonzo and Rizzo. Jim listens to Billy Bones' tales about the pirate Captain Bernie Flint, who buried his treasure trove on a remote island and executed his crew so only he would own the island's map. One night, Bones' crewmate Blind Pew arrives, giving Bones the black spot. Just before dying of a heart attack, Bones gives Jim the treasure map and begs him to go after the treasure and keep it safe from pirate hands, especially a one-legged man. Just then, an army of pirates attacks the inn, thus destroying it, but Jim, Gonzo, and Rizzo escape with the map.The trio takes the map to the half-wit Squire Trelawney (Fozzie Bear), who arranges a voyage to find the treasure. The boys are enlisted aboard the Hispaniola as cabin boys, accompanied by Trelawney, Dr. Livesey (Bunsen Honeydew), and Beaker. The ship is commanded by Captain Abraham Smollett (Kermit the Frog) and his overly strict first mate, Mr. Samuel Arrow (Sam Eagle). The boys meet the cook Long John Silver, the one-legged man whom Bones warned them of, but Jim and Silver become good friends. The ship sets sail, but Smollett is suspicious of the crew, believing them to be shady. After Gonzo and Rizzo are kidnapped and tortured by three of the crew who have turned out to be pirates, he has the treasure map locked up for safekeeping.It is revealed that Silver and the secret pirates in the crew had been part of Flint's crew and want the treasure for themselves. Silver fools Mr. Arrow into leaving the ship to test out a rowboat, says he drowned, and has his minions steal the map during Arrow's memorial service. Jim, Gonzo, and Rizzo discover Silver's treachery and inform Smollett. Arriving at Treasure Island, Smollett orders the entire crew, save the officers, to go ashore, planning to keep himself and the non-pirate crew aboard the ship and abandon the pirates on the island. However, his plan falls through when it is discovered that Silver has kidnapped Jim to have leverage against the captain. On the island, Silver invites Jim to join them in the treasure hunt using his late father's compass. When Jim refuses, Silver forcibly takes the compass from him. Smollett, Gonzo, and Rizzo land on the island in an effort to rescue Jim. However, unbeknownst to them, Silver had hidden a squad of pirates aboard the Hispaniola before leaving, and they capture the ship in Smollett's absence. On the island, Smollett and the rest of the landing party are captured by the native tribe of pigs, where Smollett reunites with his jilted lover Benjamina "Mina" Gunn (Miss Piggy), the tribe's queen.The pirates find that the cave in which Flint hid the treasure is empty, leading to a brief mutiny against Silver. Silver reveals that, even though he is a pirate, he cares for Jim and allows him to escape. After reprimanding the crew for using a page from the Bible to deliver a death sentence, Silver and his crew capture Smollett and Mina. Smollett is hung from a cliff to fall to his death, joined soon by Mina after she reveals where the treasure is hidden to save his life, only to spit out a kiss from Silver. Jim rescues his friends and with an alive Mr. Arrow, who portrays his own ghost to scare the pirates aboard the ship, the group regains control of the Hispaniola and rescues Smollett and Mina.The group engages the remaining pirates in a sword fight on the beach with Sweetums defecting to Smollett's side until only Silver is left standing, but he surrenders when he finds himself outnumbered. While the pirates are imprisoned, Silver discovers he still has Mr. Arrow's keys and tries to escape with the treasure during the night. Jim confronts him and threatens to give his position away, while Silver draws his pistol. In a tearful standoff, neither can bring themselves to follow their threats, and Jim allows Silver to leave as long as they never cross paths again, much to their disappointment. Silver rows away, but not before returning Jim's compass to him and complimenting his kind heart. However, Mr. Arrow informs Jim and Smollett that the boat Silver used was not seaworthy, and Silver is later stranded on Treasure Island.The crew of the Hispaniola sails away into the sunset, but not before some scuba-diving rat tourists Rizzo brought to the ship earlier recover the treasure from the sea.
22	Braveheart (1995)	Action, Drama, War	In 1280, Edward I of England, known as "Longshanks", conquers Scotland following the death of the Scots' king, who left no heir. Young William Wallace witnesses the aftermath of Longshanks' execution of several Scottish nobles, then loses his father and brother when they resist the English. He leaves home to be raised by his uncle, Argyle. Years later, Longshanks grants his noblemen land and privileges in Scotland, including jus primae noctis, while his son marries French princess Isabelle. Meanwhile, a grown Wallace returns home and secretly marries his childhood friend Murron MacClannough. Soon after, Wallace rescues Murron from a soldier, but Murron is subsequently captured and executed. In retribution, Wallace and the locals overthrow the garrison, beginning a rebellion that soon spreads. Longshanks orders his son to stop Wallace while he campaigns in France. Wallace defeats an army sent by the prince at Stirling, then invades England by sacking York. He also meets Robert the Bruce, a contender for the Scottish crown.After returning to England, Longshanks sends Isabelle to negotiate with Wallace as a distraction from the movement of Longshanks' forces. Meeting Wallace, Isabelle becomes enamored with him and warns him of Longshanks' plans. Wallace faces Longshanks at Falkirk. During the battle, nobles Mornay and Lochlan withdraw, having been bribed by Longshanks, resulting in Wallace's army being overwhelmed. Wallace also discovers Robert the Bruce had joined Longshanks. After helping Wallace escape, Robert vows to not be on the wrong side again. Wallace kills Mornay and Lochlan for their betrayal and foils an assassination plot with Isabelle's help. Wallace and Isabelle spend the following night together, while Longshanks' health declines. At a meeting in Edinburgh, Wallace is captured. Realizing his father's role in Wallace's betrayal, Robert disowns his father. In England, Wallace is condemned to execution. After a final meeting with Wallace, Isabelle tells Longshanks, who can no longer speak, that his bloodline will end upon his death as she is pregnant with Wallace's child and will ensure that Longshanks' son spends as short a time as possible as monarch. At his execution, Wallace refuses to submit, even while being disemboweled. The magistrate encourages Wallace to seek mercy and be granted a quick death. Wallace instead shouts, "Freedom!", while Longshanks dies. Before being beheaded, Wallace sees a vision of Murron in the crowd.In 1314, Robert, now Scotland's king, faces the English at Bannockburn, and implores his men to fight with him as they did with Wallace. After Wallace's sword is thrown to land point-down in the ground, Robert leads the Scots to a final victory.
23	Taxi Driver (1976)	Drama, Thriller	In New York City, Vietnam War veteran Travis Bickle takes a job as a night-shift taxi driver to cope with his chronic insomnia and loneliness, frequently visiting  adult movie theaters and keeping a diary in which he consciously attempts to include aphorisms such as "you're only as healthy as you feel". He becomes disgusted with the crime and urban decay that he witnesses in the city and dreams about getting "the scum off the streets".Travis becomes infatuated with Betsy, a campaign worker for Senator and presidential candidate Charles Palantine. Travis enters the campaign office where she works and asks her to join him for coffee, to which she agrees. Betsy agrees to go on a second date with him, during which he takes her to an adult movie theater, which she leaves immediately. He attempts to reconcile with her, but fails. Enraged, he storms into the campaign office where she works and berates her before being kicked out of the office.Experiencing an existential crisis and seeing various acts of prostitution throughout the city, Travis confides in a fellow taxi driver, nicknamed Wizard, about his violent thoughts. However, Wizard dismisses them and assures him that he will be fine. To find an outlet for his rage, Travis follows an intense physical training regimen. He gets in contact with black market gun dealer Easy Andy, and buys four handguns. At home, Travis practices drawing his weapons, going as far as creating a quick-draw firearm hidden in his sleeve. He begins attending Palantine's rallies to scope out his security. One night, Travis shoots a man attempting to rob a convenience store run by his friend, leaving before the cops arrive as the convenience store owner proceeds to beat the non responsive robber.In his trips around the city, Travis regularly encounters Iris, a 12-year-old child prostitute. Tricking her pimp and abusive lover Sport into thinking that he wants to solicit her, Travis meets with her in private and tries to persuade her to stop prostituting herself.Soon, Travis shaves his hair into a mohawk and attends a public rally where he plans to assassinate Palantine. However, Secret Service agents see Travis putting his hand inside his jacket and approach him, which escalates to a chase. Travis escapes pursuit and makes it home undetected.That evening, Travis drives to the brothel where Iris works to kill Sport. He enters the building and shoots Sport and one of Iris's clients, a mafioso. Travis is shot several times but manages to kill the two men. He fights with the bouncer, whom he manages to stab through the hand with his knife and kill with a gunshot to the head. Travis attempts to die by suicide, but has no bullets. Severely injured, he slumps on a couch next to a sobbing Iris. As police respond to the scene, Travis mimics shooting himself in the head with his bloody finger.Travis goes into a coma due to his injuries, but he is heralded by the press as a heroic vigilante and not prosecuted for the murders. He receives a letter from Iris's parents in Pittsburgh, who thank him and reveal that she is safe and attending school.After recovering, Travis returns to work, where he encounters Betsy as a fare. Betsy tells him that she followed his story in the newspapers. Travis drops her at her home but declines to take her money, driving off with a smile. He becomes agitated after noticing something in his rearview mirror, but continues driving into the night.
24	Rumble in the Bronx (1995)	Action, Adventure, Crime	Ma Hon Keung, a Hong Kong cop, comes to New York to attend the wedding of his Uncle Bill and his African-American bride-to-be Whitney at his supermarket, which he has sold to a young woman named Elaine. That night, a street gang starts a motorcycle race near Uncle Bill's apartment until Keung jumps down and stops them. He soon starts a feud with the gang after driving them away from Elaine's supermarket, which they tried to rob and vandalize. A series of brawls breaks out in which the bikers try to corner Keung and finish him off. After one attack in which the gang members pelt glass bottles at him, Keung returns home badly injured. His neighbor Nancy, a lingerie dancer and the girlfriend of the bikers' leader Tony, and her younger brother Danny, a Chinese-American paraplegic who has taken a liking to Keung, take care of him and clean his wounds.When a gang member named Angelo gets involved in an illegal diamond deal gone bad and steals the diamonds, the bikers unwittingly become targets for a large, vicious crime syndicate led by a man named White Tiger. While running away from White Tiger's men, Angelo hides the diamonds in a cushion which is unknowingly used by Keung for Danny's wheelchair. Keung befriends Nancy, and while visiting her at the seedy club she works at, advises her to stay away from crime. After visiting her again, Keung meets the gangsters, who pose as FBI agents and ask him to contact them when he finds the "stolen property" they are looking for. After the bikers inadvertently catch Keung and Nancy meeting in her club one evening, they trash Elaine's supermarket, during which two of Angelo's men are captured by White Tiger's men, who turn up at the supermarket in search of Angelo. Angelo's friends are unaware of his diamond heist, and one is executed in a tree-shredder. Keung and Nancy go to the bikers' headquarters after this latest attack, and Keung engages and defeats them in another brawl.When the surviving kidnapped biker returns and reports the murder of their comrade, the bikers make peace with Keung and work with him to find Angelo and the diamonds and deliver them to the FBI. When Angelo identifies the false FBI agents, they instantly drop their charade; Tony and Nancy are taken away as hostages, but then Keung and the gangsters guarding him and Danny find the diamonds in the boy's wheelchair. Keung defeats the guards, goes to Elaine's store and calls White Tiger to propose an exchange, but White Tiger refuses his demands and wrecks the supermarket to make his point, thereby burying the diamonds in the rubble. Keung decides to involve the police, who have been trying to get a solid case on White Tiger for years, but the handover is botched; White Tiger's men hijack a hovercraft and are pursued by Keung and the police. The hovercraft ends up running through the city streets, causing a lot of property damage. Keung ends the chase by using a jagged sword from an antiquity store and a commandeered sports car to sidesweep the hovercraft and shred its rubber skirt, crashing the vehicle.After forcing the syndicate men to reveal Tony and Nancy's location, and after freeing them, Keung drives the repaired hovercraft to a golf course where White Tiger is playing. With the police's approval and in Elaine, Tony and Nancy's company, Keung invades the golf course and runs White Tiger down, leaving him on the ground with his clothes shredded.
25	Birdcage, The (1996)	Comedy	Armand Goldman is the openly gay owner of a drag club in South Beach called "The Birdcage"; his effete and flamboyant partner Albert is the star attraction of the club under the name Starina. They live together in an apartment above The Birdcage with Agador, an openly gay and equally flamboyant Guatemalan housekeeper who aspires to be in Armand's drag show.Armand's 20-year-old son Val, who is the product of Armand's drunken one-night stand with a woman named Katharine, returns home to announce that he is engaged to be married to a young woman named Barbara. Although Armand and Albert are both less than happy about the news, they agree to support Val.Barbara's parents are the ultra-conservative Republican Senator Kevin Keeley, co-founder of a conservative group called the Coalition for Moral Order, and his wife Louise. Kevin initially opposes Barbara's engagement. However, he soon becomes embroiled in a political scandal when the Coalition's other co-founder and Kevin's fellow senator is found dead in the bed of an underage Black prostitute. Louise convinces him that Barbara's wedding will shore up his image as an upright family man, but the Senator is concerned that Val's family will refuse to let it go ahead because of the scandal, and so insists that they cannot announce the engagement to the press until he's spoken to Val's parents and can be sure the wedding will go ahead. To this end, the Keeleys plan a visit to South Beach.Barbara shares with Val news of her father's plan. To conceal the truth about the Goldmans, she has told her parents that Armand is straight, named Coleman (to hide that they are Jewish) and is a cultural attaché to Greece. Armand dislikes the idea of being forced into the closet, but agrees to play along, enlisting the help of friends and club employees to redecorate the apartment to more closely resemble a traditional household. Val and Armand attempt to keep Albert out of the house, but when they fail, Albert suggests that he will pose as Val's straight uncle. Armand contacts Katharine and explains the situation; she promises to come to the party and pretend to be his wife. Armand tries to coach Albert on how to act straight, but Albert's flamboyant nature makes the task difficult. Armand realizes that his plan will not fool anyone. Albert takes offense and locks himself in his room.The Keeleys arrive at the Goldmans' redecorated apartment; they are greeted by Agador, who is attempting to pass as a Greek butler named Spartacus for the night. Katharine gets caught in traffic, and the Keeleys begin wondering where "Mrs. Coleman" is. Suddenly, Albert enters, dressed and styled as a conservative middle-aged woman. Armand, Val and Barbara are nervous, but Kevin and Louise are fooled by the disguise.Despite the success of the evening, trouble begins when the senator's chauffeur betrays him to two tabloid journalists, Harry Radman and his photographer, who have been hoping for a scoop on the Coalition story and have followed the Keeleys to South Beach. While they research The Birdcage, they also remove a note that Armand has left on the door informing Katharine not to come upstairs. When she arrives, she unknowingly reveals the deceptions, leading Val to confess to the scheme and finally identify Albert as his true parent.Kevin is initially confused by the situation, but Louise informs him of the truth and scolds him for being more concerned with his career than his family's happiness. When attempting to leave, he is ambushed by the paparazzi camped outside to take his picture. Albert realizes that there is a way for the family to escape without being recognized. He dresses them in drag, and they use the apartment's back entrance to sneak into The Birdcage, where, by dancing to Sister Sledge's "We Are Family", they make their way out of the nightclub without incident. Barbara and Val are married in an interfaith service that both families attend.
26	Brothers McMullen, The (1995)	Comedy	Finbar "Barry" McMullen stands at the grave of his recently deceased father, along with his mother, who tells him that she's returning to her native Ireland to be with Finbar O'Shaughnessy (after whom Barry is named), her sweetheart of long ago. She tells Barry that while she gave Barry's father 35 of the best years of her life, she's going to start living life her way with Finbar O'Shaughnessy, the man she really loves.Barry's brother Jack has purchased their parents' home and lives in it with his wife Molly. Jack is torn between his love for Molly and his lust for Ann, a former romantic interest of Barry.Barry and the youngest brother Patrick ask to temporarily move in with Jack, to which he reluctantly agrees. Patrick plans to break his engagement to Susan, but becomes depressed when she breaks up with him. After much pleading, Susan decides to take him back. Patrick then decides to end the relationship for good for Leslie, an auto mechanic. They head to California together in a classic car that Leslie has been working on.Barry shows no interest in a long-term relationship until he meets Audrey, a woman whom he accuses of "stealing" an apartment that he was trying to rent for himself. Although things do not go well between them at first, they warm to one another and start a relationship.Molly learns of Jack's affair after finding a wrapped condom in his pants as she is cleaning up after him one day. She confronts Jack, but he refuses to discuss it.Jack finally breaks it off for good with Ann. He then returns home determined to rebuild his wounded marriage, but not before paying a visit to his father's grave, promising that he will be a better husband to his wife than his father was, pouring a bottle of Irish whiskey over the grave.Barry decides to move in with Audrey and take their relationship to the next level. The three brothers gather at the family homestead with a newfound belief in love and a desire not to let the ghosts of the past stand in their way.
27	Bad Boys (1995)	Action	Lifelong friends Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett are devoted Miami Police narcotics detectives investigating $100 million of seized Mafia heroin, their biggest career bust which was stolen from a secure police vault. Internal Affairs suspects that it was an inside job and threatens to shut down the entire department unless they recover the drugs within 72 hours.Mike asks one of his informants and ex-girlfriend Maxine "Max" Logan to look for people who are newly rich and therefore suspects. She gets herself and her best friend Julie Mott hired as escorts by Eddie Dominguez, a crooked former cop.The party is soon interrupted by Dominguez's French drug kingpin boss Fouchet and his henchmen Casper, Ferguson, and Noah. To further cover his tracks because of this slip up, one of Fouchet's henchmen kill Dominguez and Fouchet kills Max, while Julie manages to escape. The madam who hired Julie and Max is disposed of by Noah, who then knocks out Mike as he investigates Max's death.Frantically calling the police, Julie insists on talking only to Mike, who is following up on a lead with the Madam. Knowing she never met Mike, captain Conrad Howard forces Marcus to impersonate him to talk to her. At her apartment, Marcus and Julie are attacked by some of Fouchet's henchmen, one of whom Marcus kills.When they rendezvous with Mike, Marcus and Mike have to impersonate each other, with Mike living at the Burnett residence while Marcus stays with Julie at Mike's. They struggle to keep up the charade in Julie's presence, and she soon begins to suspect the truth.Looking through mugshots, Julie identifies Noah as one of the henchmen. The partners go to Club Hell, one of Noah's known hangouts, and she follows unbeknownst to them. After being spotted, Marcus knocks Casper unconscious during a bathroom fight. Julie tries to kill Fouchet, but Marcus stops her.In the ensuing car chase, Mike kills Noah. The three manage to get away, but are caught on camera by a news helicopter. The ensuing report is later seen by Marcus's family, who were told that he was temporarily reassigned to Cleveland.Mike and Marcus meet their old informant Jojo and learn about the location of the chemist who is cutting the stolen drugs. The three return to Mike's apartment, where Marcus's wife Theresa confronts them and confirms Julie's suspicion they have been impersonating each other. Fouchet and his gang show up and kidnap Julie.Mike and Marcus's department is shut down by Internal Affairs. Despite being reassigned, Howard delays the order, giving Mike and Marcus more time to solve the case. They access Dominguez's private police database profile and learn that the police secretary Francine is his former girlfriend. She was being blackmailed by Fouchet and Dominguez after they took nude photos of her, threatening to post them at her kids' school.Mike, Marcus, and detectives Sanchez and Ruiz, head to the Miami-Opa Locka Executive Airport. During a fierce shootout, they kill Fouchet's remaining henchmen, including Casper and Ferguson, and rescue Julie. They chase a fleeing Fouchet and force his car into a concrete barrier. As he tries to flee, Mike pulls his sidearm on him and commands him to freeze while Marcus tells Mike that Fouchet is not worth killing. Mike instead shoots him in the leg and closes in on him, kicks his gun away, then pauses before attempting to arrest him at gunpoint.After a tense conversation with Marcus while chasing Fouchet, Fouchet surreptitiously draws a gun but is shot to death by Mike after seeing the sunlight reflection off Fouchet's gun flash across Marcus' face before he can kill Marcus, avenging Max's death. An exhausted Marcus leaves Julie with Mike handcuffing them to each other and heads home, eager to be reunited with his family.
28	Apollo 13 (1995)	Action, Drama, Thriller	On July 20, 1969, astronaut Jim Lovell hosts a party where guests watch Neil Armstrong's televised first steps on the Moon from Apollo 11. Lovell, who orbited the Moon on Apollo 8, tells his wife Marilyn that he will return to the Moon to walk on its surface.Three months later, as Lovell is conducting a VIP tour of NASA's Vehicle Assembly Building, his boss Deke Slayton informs him that his crew will fly Apollo 13 instead of 14, swapping flights with Alan Shepard's crew. Lovell, Ken Mattingly, and Fred Haise train for their mission. Days before launch in April 1970, Mattingly is exposed to German measles, and the flight surgeon demands his replacement with Mattingly's backup, Jack Swigert. Lovell resists breaking up his team, but relents when Slayton threatens to bump his crew to a later mission. As the launch date approaches, Marilyn has a nightmare about her husband dying in space, and tells Lovell she will not go to Kennedy Space Center to see him off for an unprecedented fourth launch. She later changes her mind and surprises him.On launch day, Flight Director Gene Kranz in Houston's Mission Control Center gives the go for launch. As the Saturn V rocket climbs through the atmosphere, a second stage engine cuts off prematurely, but the craft reaches its Earth parking orbit. After the third stage fires again to send Apollo 13 to the Moon, Swigert performs the maneuver to turn the Command Module Odyssey around to dock with the Lunar Module Aquarius and pull it away from the spent rocket.Three days into the mission, by order of Mission Control, Swigert turns on the liquid oxygen stirring fans. An electrical short causes a tank to explode, emptying its contents into space and sending the craft tumbling. The other tank is soon found to be leaking. Consumables manager Sy Liebergot convinces Kranz that shutting off two of Odyssey's three fuel cells offers the best chance to stop the leak, but this does not work. With only one fuel cell, mission rules dictate the Moon landing be aborted. Lovell and Haise power up Aquarius to use as a "lifeboat", while Swigert shuts down Odyssey to save its battery power for the return to Earth. Kranz charges his team with bringing the astronauts home, declaring "failure is not an option". Consumables manager John Aaron recruits Mattingly to help him improvise a procedure to restart Odyssey for the landing on Earth.As the crew watches the Moon pass beneath them, Lovell laments his lost dream of walking on its surface, then turns his crew's attention to the business of getting home. With Aquarius running on minimal electrical power and rationed water supply, the crew suffers from freezing conditions, and Haise develops a urinary tract infection. Swigert suspects Mission Control is concealing the fact they are doomed; Haise angrily blames Swigert's inexperience for the accident; but Lovell quashes the argument. As Aquarius's carbon dioxide filters run out, concentration of the gas approaches a dangerous level. Ground control improvises a "Rube Goldberg" device to make the Command Module's incompatible filter cartridges work in the Lunar Module. With Aquarius's navigation systems shut down, the crew makes a vital course correction manually by steering the Lunar Module and controlling its engine.Mattingly and Aaron struggle to find a way to power up the Command Module systems without drawing too much power, and finally read the procedure to Swigert, who restarts Odyssey by drawing the extra power from Aquarius. When the crew jettisons the Service Module, they are surprised by the extent of the damage, raising the possibility that the ablative heat shield was compromised. As they release Aquarius and re-enter the Earth's atmosphere, no one is sure that Odyssey's heat shield is intact. The tense period of radio silence due to ionization blackout is longer than normal, but the astronauts report all is well, and the world watches Odyssey splash down and celebrates their return.As helicopters bring the crew aboard the USS Iwo Jima for a hero's welcome, Lovell's voice-over describes the cause of the explosion, and the subsequent careers of Haise, Swigert, Mattingly, Kranz, and himself. He wonders if and when mankind will return to the Moon.
29	Batman Forever (1995)	Action, Adventure, Comedy, Crime	In Gotham City, Batman defuses a hostage situation orchestrated by the criminal Two-Face, formerly district attorney Harvey Dent, who escapes. Flashbacks reveal that Batman failed to prevent Dent's disfigurement with acid by mobster Sal Maroni, causing Dent to develop a split personality, make decisions based on the flip of a coin, and swear vengeance against Batman.Edward Nygma, an eccentric and egotistical researcher at Wayne Enterprises, approaches his employer, Bruce Wayne, to present an invention that can beam television signals directly into the brain, demanding immediate approval directly from Bruce. Bruce rejects the device, as he is irritated by Nygma and is concerned that the technology could manipulate minds. After killing his abusive supervisor and staging it as a suicide, Nygma resigns and plots revenge against Bruce, sending him riddles. Criminal psychologist Chase Meridian diagnoses Nygma as psychotic.Bruce attends a circus with Chase. Two-Face hijacks the event and threatens to detonate a bomb unless Batman reveals his identity. Dick Grayson, the youngest member of the Flying Graysons family of acrobats, manages to throw the bomb into a river, but Two-Face kills his family in the process. Bruce invites the now-orphaned Dick to live at Wayne Manor as his ward, where he discovers that Bruce is Batman. Seeking to avenge the death of his family, Dick demands to join Batman in crime-fighting, hoping to kill Two-Face, but Bruce declines in order to help Dick move on instead, as he is considering retirement.Nygma becomes the Riddler and teams up with Two-Face. They commit a series of robberies to finance Nygma's new company and mass-produce his brainwave device dubbed the Box, which steals information from minds and transfers it to Nygma's, increasing his intelligence but also slowly causing him to lose his grip on reality. At a party hosted by Nygma, Batman pursues Two-Face and is almost killed until Dick saves him.Batman visits Chase, who explains that she has fallen in love with Bruce, and Bruce reveals his secret identity to her. Having discovered Bruce's secret through the Box, on Halloween night, Two-Face and the Riddler destroy the Batcave, shoot Bruce, and abduct Chase. As Bruce recovers, he and his butler, Alfred Pennyworth, deduce that Nygma is the Riddler. Bruce finally accepts Dick as his best friend and partner, Robin.At the Riddler's lair, Robin defeats Two-Face but chooses to spare him, allowing Two-Face to capture Robin at gunpoint. The Riddler reveals his final riddle: Chase and Robin, representing the two sides of Batman's personality, are trapped in tubes above a deadly drop, and he only has the time to save one. Batman distracts the Riddler with a riddle himself, before destroying the Riddler's brainwave receiver with a Batarang, damaging the Riddler's mind and enabling Batman to rescue both when he sees the floor is an optical illusion. Two-Face corners them and flips his coin to decide their fate, but loses his balance after Batman throws multiple identical coins in the air, and falls to his death.Committed to Arkham Asylum, a now-delusional Nygma exclaims that he is Batman. Bruce, the real Batman, resumes his crusade with Robin as his partner.
30	Belle de jour (1967)	Drama	Séverine Serizy, a young and beautiful housewife, is unable to share physical intimacy with her husband, Dr. Pierre Serizy, despite their love for each other. Her sexual life is restricted to elaborate fantasies involving domination, sadomasochism, and bondage. Although frustrated by his wife's frigidity toward him, he respects her wishes.While visiting a ski resort, they meet two friends, Henri Husson and Renée. Séverine does not like Husson's manner and the way he looks at her. Back in Paris, Séverine meets up with Renée and learns that a common friend, Henriette, now works at a brothel. At her home, Séverine receives roses from Husson and is unsettled by the gesture. At the tennis courts, she meets Husson and they discuss Henriette and houses of pleasure. Husson mentions a high-class brothel to Séverine at 11 Cité Jean de Saumur. He also confesses his desire for her, but Séverine rejects his advances.Haunted by childhood memories, including one involving a man who appears to touch her inappropriately, Séverine goes to the high-class brothel, which is run by Madame Anaïs, who names her "Belle de Jour." That afternoon Séverine services her first client. Reluctant at first, she responds to the "firm hand" of Madame Anaïs and has sex with the stranger. After staying away for a week, Séverine returns to the brothel and begins working from two to five o'clock each day, returning to her unsuspecting husband in the evenings. One day, Husson comes to visit her at home, but Séverine refuses to see him. Still, she fantasizes about having sex with him in her husband's presence. At the same time, Séverine's physical relationship with her husband is improving and she begins having sex with him.Séverine becomes involved with a young criminal, Marcel, who offers her the kind of thrills and excitement of her fantasies. One day, Husson visits the brothel and discovers Séverine, who asks him not to tell her husband about her secret life. He agrees and rejects her services, stating he is no longer attracted to her. Séverine decides to leave the brothel, with Madame Anaïs' blessing as she believes it is due to Marcel becoming increasingly jealous and demanding. After one of his associates follows Séverine to her home, Marcel visits her and threatens to reveal her secret to her husband. Séverine pleads with him to leave, which he does, referring to her husband as "the obstacle".Marcel waits downstairs for Pierre to return home and shoots him three times. Marcel then flees but is shot dead by police. Séverine's husband survives but is left in a coma. The police are unable to find a motive for the attempted murder. Sometime later Séverine is at home taking care of Pierre, who is now paralysed, blind and in a wheelchair. Husson visits Pierre to tell him the truth about his wife's secret life; she does not try to stop him. After Husson leaves, Séverine returns to see Pierre crying. In an ambiguous ending which is hinted to be another of her fantasies, Pierre then gets out of the wheelchair, pours himself a drink and discusses holiday plans with Séverine.
31	Crimson Tide (1995)	Drama, Thriller, War	In post-Soviet Russia, civil war erupts as a result of the ongoing conflict in Chechnya. Military units loyal to Vladimir Radchenko, a Russian ultra-nationalist rebel, take control of a nuclear missile installation in the Russian Far East near the Chinese and North Korean borders and threaten nuclear war if confronted.USS Alabama, a U.S. Navy submarine, is dispatched on patrol with orders to launch a pre-emptive nuclear strike if Radchenko fuels his missiles. Combat-hardened veteran Captain Frank Ramsey chooses Lieutenant Commander Ron Hunter, who has an extensive education in military history and tactics but no combat experience, as his new XO.Tensions arise between the headstrong Ramsey and the more analytical and cautious Hunter, exacerbated by Ramsey's decision to order a missile drill amidst the chaos caused by a galley fire that results in the death of the chief mess officer. Hunter helps fight the fire and discreetly questions the decision but is chastised by Ramsey for the appearance of discord.Alabama receives an Emergency Action Message ordering a missile launch against the Russian base. As Alabama prepares to fire, a second radio message is detected before a rebel Russian Akula-class submarine attacks, damaging the boat’s radio and leaving the message incomplete.With the last confirmed order being to launch, Ramsey decides to proceed. Hunter disagrees, believing the partial second message may be a retraction. When Hunter refuses to consent as is required for a launch to be authorized, Ramsey tries to relieve him of duty. Hunter orders Ramsey arrested for attempting to circumvent two-man protocol. The Chief of the Boat sides with Hunter and has Ramsey relieved of command and confined to his stateroom, putting Hunter in charge.The Russian submarine attacks Alabama again. Alabama emerges victorious but is damaged when a torpedo detonates next to her hull. The main propulsion system is disabled, and the bilge bay begins flooding. As the crew tries to restore propulsion, Hunter orders the sealing of the bilge with sailors trapped inside, saving Alabama at the expense of the men. Propulsion is restored before Alabama reaches hull-crush depth.Officers and crew loyal to Ramsey unite and stage a mutiny. They retake the control room, confining Hunter, the Chief of the Boat, and some others to the officers' mess. Repairs to the radio continue, but Ramsey is determined to proceed without waiting for verification. Hunter escapes his arrest and prepares to retake the ship. He gains the support of weapons officer Peter Ince in the missile control room, further delaying the launch and leading Ramsey to go there. Hunter's party storms Alabama's command center, removing the captain's missile key. Ramsey and his men return, resulting in an armed Mexican standoff. With news that the radio will soon be repaired, Ramsey and Hunter agree to wait until the deadline for a preemptive missile launch to be effective.Communications are eventually restored, revealing the full message from the second transmission – a retraction ordering that the missile launch be aborted because Radchenko's rebellion has been quelled. Ramsey turns the conn over to Hunter and returns to his cabin.The two men are put before a tribunal at Naval Station Pearl Harbor to answer for their actions. The tribunal concludes that both men were right and both men were wrong, and Hunter's actions were deemed lawfully justified and in the best interests of the United States. Unofficially, the tribunal reprimands both men for failing to resolve their differences. Thanks to Ramsey's personal recommendation, the tribunal agrees to grant Hunter command of his own sub while allowing Ramsey to save face via an early retirement with full honors. Outside, Hunter meets with Ramsey to express his gratitude, and the two men part ways amicably.A textual epilogue states that as of January 1996, only the President has the authority to launch nuclear missiles.
32	Crumb (1994)	Documentary	Robert Dennis Crumb (; born August 30, 1943) is an American artist who often signs his work R. Crumb. His work displays a nostalgia for American folk culture of the late 19th and early 20th centuries, and satire of contemporary American culture. Crumb contributed to many of the seminal works of the underground comix movement in the 1960s, including being a founder of the first successful underground comix publication, Zap Comix, contributing to all 16 issues. He was additionally contributing to the East Village Other and many other publications, including a variety of one-off and anthology comics. During this time, inspired by psychedelics and cartoons from the 1920s and 1930s, he introduced a wide variety of characters that became extremely popular, including countercultural icons Fritz the Cat and Mr. Natural, and the images from his Keep On Truckin' strip. Sexual themes abounded in all these projects, often shading into scatological and pornographic comics. In the mid-1970s, he contributed to the Arcade anthology; following the decline of the underground, he moved towards biographical and autobiographical subjects while refining his drawing style, a heavily crosshatched pen-and-ink style inspired by late 19th- and early 20th-century cartooning. Much of his work appeared in a magazine he founded, Weirdo (1981–1993), which was one of the most prominent publications of the alternative comics era. As his career progressed, his comic work became more autobiographical. In 1991 Crumb was inducted into the comic book industry's Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame, and in 1994 the Terry Zwigoff film Crumb explored his artistic career and personal life. He was married to cartoonist Aline Kominsky-Crumb, with whom he frequently collaborated. Their daughter, Sophie Crumb, has also followed a cartooning career.
33	Desperado (1995)	Action, Romance, Thriller	At the Tarasco bar in Mexico, Buscemi, an American man, talks about witnessing a massacre in another bar, committed by El Mariachi, a Mexican with a guitar case full of guns. Tarasco's patrons are uninterested until Buscemi mentions drug lord "Bucho". Moco, Bucho's underling, killed El Mariachi's lover and shot his left hand. Buscemi, who is secretly a friend of El Mariachi, soon discovers that Bucho's underlings work and drink at the Tarasco bar.El Mariachi meets a child, whose father allegedly plays guitar for a living. Having been a guitarist himself, El Mariachi gives the boy some guitar lessons. At the Tarasco bar, El Mariachi kills Bucho's henchmen. Tavo, a man conducting illegal business in the bar's secret back room, follows El Mariachi outside and wounds him. El Mariachi then kills him. Carolina, a woman whom El Mariachi shielded from Tavo's bullets, takes him to her bookstore. Threatened by the carnage, Bucho orders his men to hunt down El Mariachi.Meanwhile, Carolina tends to El Mariachi's wounds. He then goes to a church and talks to Buscemi. Upset by the massacre at the bar, Buscemi convinces El Mariachi to abandon his quest for revenge. They are then ambushed by Navajas, a man armed with throwing knives who kills Buscemi and severely wounds El Mariachi. Navajas was sent by Colombian criminals to kill El Mariachi. However, before he can accomplish his task, Bucho's men arrive at the scene and kill Navajas, mistaking him for El Mariachi.While wandering the streets, an injured El Mariachi meets the child again. He learns that the kid is being used by his father to mule drugs hidden in his guitar. The boy reveals that most people in the town work for Bucho. El Mariachi returns to Carolina and learns that Bucho financed her bookstore as an additional front for his drug dealing. Bucho then arrives, and she hides El Mariachi. After Bucho leaves, Carolina completes the suturing of El Mariachi's wounds. That evening, she gives El Mariachi a new guitar, which he plays for her before they have sex. Meanwhile, Bucho realizes that Carolina lied to him.The next morning, Bucho's men arrive and attack El Mariachi and Carolina, setting the bookstore ablaze. They fight their way out of the burning building and onto a rooftop, where El Mariachi gets a clear shot at Bucho, but chooses not to kill him. The two then hide in a hotel room.Bucho becomes angry at his men for their failure to kill El Mariachi. He shoots one of his men and then fires at the others.Realizing that Bucho will never stop hunting him, El Mariachi contacts his friends, Campa and Quino, for assistance. The trio meets up on the edge of town and encounters Bucho's henchmen. A gunfight ensues, and most of Bucho's men, along with Campa and Quino, are killed. After the child is wounded during the showdown, El Mariachi rushes him to a hospital.El Mariachi and Carolina travel to Bucho's compound intending to confront him. Bucho is then revealed to be El Mariachi's older brother, Cesar. El Mariachi was unaware of Bucho's identity, until he saw his brother's face, from the rooftop, and refrained from shooting him. Bucho offers to release El Mariachi if he allows Bucho to kill Carolina. El Mariachi kills Bucho, then shoots the remaining henchmen. The lovers visit the boy in the hospital, and El Mariachi leaves alone. Carolina catches up to him on the road and picks him up, with El Mariachi initially leaving his guitar case full of weapons on the side of the road. The two drive away together, but shortly return and pick up the guitar case, just to be safe.
34	Doom Generation, The (1995)	Comedy, Drama	Teenage lovers Jordan White and Amy Blue pick up a handsome drifter named Xavier Red while driving home from a club. Jordan gives Xavier the nickname "X". A late-night stop at a convenience store leaves the three on the run when X accidentally kills the store's owner, forcing the trio to hide in a motel to avoid arrest.Jordan and Amy have sex in the bathtub, while X watches and masturbates from behind the bathroom door. X then learns from the local television news program that the store owner's wife disemboweled her children with a machete before committing suicide. This leads X to believe that the trio won't be considered suspects or be found by police.Later that evening, Amy has sex with X, despite their mutual dislike of each other. Eventually Jordan finds out, and things become tense as the two men develop a lingering sexual attraction for one another. As the trio journeys around the city of Los Angeles, they continue to get into violent (almost comedic; every item the trio buys always comes out to $6.66) situations due to people either claiming to be Amy's previous lovers or mistaking her for such.These incidents get the attention of the FBI, and their goal is to find Amy and kill her (exactly the same sentiment is voiced by several other parties in the film). She is mistakenly identified by a fast food window clerk as "Sunshine" and later by another character as "Kitten".Jordan, Amy and X spend the night in an abandoned warehouse, where they engage in a threesome. While Amy goes to urinate, Jordan and X are attacked by a trio of neo-Nazis, one of whom had previously mistaken Amy for his ex-girlfriend "Bambi".The gang first severely beats up X, then holds Jordan down as the aforementioned neo-Nazi ties up and rapes Amy on top of an American flag. The group finally cuts off Jordan's penis with pruning shears and forces the severed penis into his mouth. After Amy breaks free, she kills the neo-Nazis with the shears and escapes with X, leaving Jordan for dead. The film ends with Amy and X driving in her car. X offers Amy a Dorito, to no reply. Aimless on an empty road, the credits roll.
35	Free Willy 2: The Adventure Home (1995)	Adventure, Children's, Drama	It has been two years since Jesse freed Willy and got him back home to his pod. The Greenwoods are planning a trip to the San Juan Islands to visit Randolph's new job while camping at Camp Nor' Wester. Before they leave, Dwight arrives with news that Jesse's mother was found dead in New York City and left behind another son. This devastates Jesse after many attempts at finding her, but comes to terms with it, after talking his feelings out with Glen. Jesse's half-brother Elvis is morose, overly talkative and mischievous. He is also prone to telling lies and easily gets on Jesse's nerves. To make matters worse for Jesse, Elvis is invited along on their trip, so that they can get to know each other. At the environmental institute, Jesse reunites with Randolph, receives a pendant resembling Nastilane riding an orca, becomes smitten with his goddaughter, Nadine, and is introduced to Willy's family during a day of whale watching. He tracks and later reunites with Willy.As the Greenwoods continue to enjoy their camping trip, Liberian oil tanker, the Dakar, runs aground on Lawson Reef and spills oil due to an engine malfunction, trapping Willy and his siblings Luna and Littlespot at the campsite. Luna gets oil in her lungs and beaches herself. Jesse and the adults get her back in the water but need further assistance. Benbrook Oil CEO John Milner announces a plan to move the whales into captivity until further notice. Jesse challenges this, making him promise to do whatever he can to get them back to their mother, Catspaw, or else he'll be blamed for Luna's death. Luna's condition worsens after Kate Haley treats her. Jesse and Randolph use an old Indian remedy that helps her recover.At a donut shop, Elvis, who ran away the previous day after Jesse, Glen and Annie denied help which in-turn caused Annie to accidentally break her promise in allowing him to contribute more, overhears John and Wilcox's real plan to sell the whales and lock them up. With the oil spill reaching dangerous proximity to the cove, Benbrook Oil and the whalers boom it off despite Jesse, Randolph, and Nadine's objections and begin extracting the whales. Elvis rushes back to camp to warn Jesse and Nadine. They confront John, and he and his assistant are knocked into the water for breaking his promise. Willy rescues Littlespot from the extraction. Jesse hijacks Glen's boat, the Little Dipper, to lead the whales to safety. On Jesse's signal, Willy breaks the boom and leads his siblings away. The Dakar explodes due to fuel vapors igniting after engineers try to start the generator, resulting in the crude oil catching fire.Randolph picks up Glen and Annie, who located Elvis while returning from their unsuccessful search for him, and they follow the kids' path as Randolph sends a distress call. The whales swim under the flaming oil to safety, but the kids fall into danger when they head into another cove. The fogginess from the smoke causes Jesse to hit a rock, and the Little Dipper begins to sink while the flames seal off the cove. A search and rescue helicopter locates them, pulling Elvis and Nadine to safety, but Jesse slips out of the harness and the helicopter is forced to leave him behind due smoke choking the engine. Jesse nearly drowns, but Willy returns for his friend and carries him safely under the fire in time for the adults to retrieve Jesse. Though Jesse is curious as to why Willy hasn't left, Randolph reveals the signal must be performed. Jesse does it and he, Glen, and Annie say goodbye to Willy.Shortly after the Coastal Marine Patrol deliver Elvis and Nadine, Elvis gives Jesse a taped old photograph of Jesse and their mother. He reveals that she talked about Jesse all the time and felt bad about abandoning him. Jesse thanks him and is able to make peace with what happened with his mom. Glen approves Annie's proposal of adopting Elvis. When asked by Elvis how he knows the whales' whereabouts, Jesse clutches his necklace and replies, "I know". He then recites Nastilane's Haida prayer as Willy, Luna and Littlespot reunite with Catspaw.
36	Mad Love (1995)	Drama, Romance	In Seattle, Matt Leland is a straight-laced high school senior who lives with his workaholic father and 9-year-old twin siblings. Matt, whose mom had long ago left the family, has assumed the role of a parent for his young brother and sister. He becomes intrigued by a girl who lives across the lake from him, and spies on her through his telescope as she jet skis at night. He learns that the girl, Casey Roberts, is a new student at his high school and has just moved from Chicago. Matt asks her out and they go to a concert together. When Casey finds out Matt was using a telescope to spy on her, she angrily blows him off at first, but relents after he apologizes and the two polar opposites begin a whirlwind romance.Matt is drawn to Casey's free-spirited, fun-loving nature, and she confides to him she has a volatile personality where she goes from intense feelings of passion to fear and destructiveness. In one instance, Casey tries to get Matt's attention while he is taking the SATs by deliberately setting off the fire alarm at school, resulting in her suspension. Her suspension angers her parents, particularly her domineering father, and plans are made to send her away to a boarding school. That night, Casey overdoses on sleeping pills, and she is involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward as a result.Matt visits Casey in the hospital to the detriment of his father, who scolds Matt for neglecting his studies and his kid siblings. The second time Matt visits Casey, the two manage to sneak out when the orderlies are preoccupied with other patients. The pair head to Mexico in Matt's SUV, but along the way, they wreck the car when Casey decides to play a "trust game" with Matt by covering his eyes and giving him directions while he drives. They accept a ride from a salesman, but when the salesman makes an advance on Casey, she defends herself by putting out her lit cigarette on his face. The salesman throws her out of the car and a fight ensues between him and Matt. Matt and Casey are able to steal the car and drive off, leaving the salesman behind.As the couple get closer to Mexico, Casey's behavior grows increasingly erratic and anxious, but Matt tries to help her and selflessly puts her needs before his. He gradually realizes her mental health is beyond his assistance. After Casey has multiple emotional breakdowns, Matt reluctantly makes a phone call to her concerned parents. Mrs. Roberts tells Matt that her daughter is manic depressive and needs her medication for her mood swings. She pleads for him to bring Casey home so her illness can be treated, but Matt refuses, fearing she will be locked up in a hospital again. Casey overhears him talking to her parents and misinterprets his call as a betrayal.Casey steals the keys to the car and drives off, with Matt stealing a truck to chase after her. He finds her alone in a desert where she threatens suicide and vows to shoot Matt with a gun she took from the glove compartment in the salesman's car. Exasperated, Matt tells her to go ahead and shoot him, but Casey can't bring herself to do it and breaks down. He runs to hug Casey and the couple return to Seattle, where Casey is readmitted to the psychiatric hospital. Matt goes back home, missing his time together with Casey. Some time later, Matt receives a letter from Casey saying she has moved back to Chicago and now feels significantly better. In her letter she writes, "I had a dream last night, you were in it. You waved to me, maybe to say goodbye, it doesn't matter. Whatever happens, I'm proud of what we went through. It helps me get through the day. That, and you in my heart," implying a future for their relationship.
37	Nadja (1994)	Drama	Count Dracula dies from a stake in his heart. His daughter, Nadja, shows up to claim the body, hoping that his death will free her from the life he has forced on her. She has the body cremated and prepares to take the ashes to Brooklyn and pay a visit to her twin brother Edgar. Before she departs, she stops for a drink and meets Lucy, a similarly disillusioned young woman. They leave the bar and have sex.Following his killing of Dracula, Van Helsing has been jailed, and his nephew, Jim (who is also Lucy's husband) bails him out. When Van Helsing learns that Dracula's body has been removed from the morgue, he enlists his nephew's help to destroy it properly, and thus ensure Dracula will never return.Meanwhile, Nadja visits Edgar, who is sick, and meets his nurse and live-in lover, Cassandra. Nadja persuades Cassandra to move Edgar to her apartment and plans to heal him by transfusing him with plasma from the blood of shark embryos; Edgar revives enough to drink some of Nadja's blood.Lucy has fallen under Nadja's trance. She leads Jim and Van Helsing to Edgar's house, where Nadja is staying with Renfield. Edgar awakens and warns Cassandra that she is in danger. Cassandra, revealed to be Van Helsing's daughter, attempts to escape with Nadja pursuing her, Lucy pursuing Nadja, and Jim pursuing Lucy. Cassandra runs into a gas station, where two mechanics attempt to protect her, but Nadja mesmerizes them and kills one of them. A policeman enters the gas station and shoots Nadja in the abdomen.Edgar, who is improving, unites with the Van Helsings to stop Nadja. He receives a "psychic fax" from Nadja, telling him that she is injured and must return to Transylvania with Cassandra. As they approach the castle, Nadja begins a transfusion of Cassandra's blood while she sleeps. Edgar and Helsing drive a stake through Nadja's heart. Lucy is released, Nadja is destroyed, and Cassandra awakens.Despite the assumed happy ending, Nadja narrates the epilogue: "They cut off my head... burned my body... no one knew... no one suspected that I was now alive in Cassandra's body. Edgar and I were married at City Hall... there is a better way to live."
38	Net, The (1995)	Sci-Fi, Thriller	United States Under Secretary of Defense Michael Bergstrom commits suicide after being informed that he has tested positive for HIV.Angela Bennett is a freelance systems analyst worker in Venice, Los Angeles. Her relationships are almost completely online and on the phone, with the exception of forgettable interactions with her neighbors and visits to her mother, who is institutionalized with Alzheimer's disease and often forgets who she is.Bennett's co-worker Dale, in San Francisco, sends her a floppy disk of the band website "Mozart's Ghost" with a backdoor labeled "π" that permits access to a commonly used computer security system called "Gatekeeper" sold by Gregg Microsystems, a software company led by CEO Jeff Gregg. Dale and Bennett agree to meet the next morning, as he is planning on taking his own plane, but the navigation system in Dale's private aircraft malfunctions and the plane crashes, killing him.Bennett travels to Cozumel, Mexico, on vacation, where she meets Jack Devlin. After seducing Bennett, Devlin pays a mugger to steal her purse. He chases the mugger, catches him, and roots through the purse to find the disk before shooting the mugger dead.He takes Bennett out on his speedboat to kill her as well, but she finds his gun and confronts him. While fleeing with the disk and Devlin's wallet, Bennett's dinghy collides with rocks. She is unconscious in the hospital for three days.When Bennett wakes up, she finds that the disk was ruined by the sun and all records of her life have been deleted. Because none of the neighbors remember her, they cannot confirm her identity. Bennett's Social Security number is now assigned to a "Ruth Marx", for whom Devlin has entered an arrest record.When Bennett calls her own desk at Cathedral Software, an impostor answers and offers her old life back in exchange for the disk. She contacts the only other person who knows her by sight, psychiatrist and former lover Alan Champion. He checks her into a hotel, offers to contact a friend at the FBI, and arranges to have her mother moved for her safety.Using her knowledge of the backdoor and a password found in Devlin's wallet, Bennett logs into the Bethesda Naval Hospital's computers and learns that Under Secretary of Defense Bergstrom, who had opposed Gatekeeper's use by the federal government, was murdered by altering the results of his HIV test, leading to a misdiagnosis. Fellow hacker "Cyberbob" connects π with the "Praetorians", a group of cyberterrorists linked to recent computer failures around the country. Bennett and Cyberbob plan to meet, but the Praetorians intercept their online chat. Bennett escapes from Devlin—a contract killer for the cyberterrorists, but the Praetorians kill Champion by tampering with pharmacy and hospital computer records. After Bennett is arrested by the California Highway Patrol, a man identifying himself as Champion's FBI friend frees her from jail. She realizes he is an impostor and escapes again, resulting in the impostor's death in a car crash.Now wanted for murder and thought to be Ruth Marx, Bennett hitchhikes to Cathedral's office where, using her impostor's computer, she connects the cyberterrorists to Gregg Microsystems and uncovers their scheme: once the Praetorians sabotage an organization's computer system, Gregg sells Gatekeeper to it and gains unlimited access through the backdoor. Bennett emails evidence of the backdoor and Gregg's involvement with the Praetorians to the FBI from the Moscone Center and tricks Devlin into releasing a virus into Gregg's mainframe, destroying Gatekeeper and undoing the erasure of her identity. During a battle on the catwalks of the convention center, Devlin accidentally kills the Bennett impostor from Cathedral Software, but Bennett ambushes him, causing him to fall to his death. Bennett regains her identity, home, and life. She then reunites with her mother, and the conspiracy is exposed, with Jeff Gregg being arrested by the FBI.
39	Strange Days (1995)	Action, Crime, Sci-Fi	As 1999 nears its end, Los Angeles has become a dangerous war zone. A Chinese restaurant is robbed by a group of criminals, with one recording the event with a SQUID (Superconducting QUantum Interference Device), an illegal electronic device that records memories and physical sensations directly from the wearer's cerebral cortex onto a MiniDisc-like storage device.Lenny Nero, a former LAPD officer turned black marketeer of SQUID recordings, buys the robbery clip from his main supplier Tick. Elsewhere, Iris, a prostitute and former friend of Faith Justin (Lenny's ex-girlfriend), is chased by LAPD officers Burton Steckler and Dwayne Engelman. Iris escapes on a subway car, but Engelman pulls off her wig, revealing a SQUID recorder headset.Lenny pines for Faith and relies on emotional support from his two best friends - Max Peltier, a private investigator, and Lornette "Mace" Mason, a bodyguard and limousine driver. Mace has unrequited feelings for Lenny from when he was still a cop and acted as a father figure for her son after her boyfriend was arrested on drug charges, but disapproves of his SQUID-dealing business. While Lenny and Max are drinking at a bar, Iris drops a SQUID disc through the sunroof of Lenny's car before it is towed away. Mace picks Lenny up and takes him to a nightclub where Faith is going to sing. There, Lenny receives a SQUID disc from an anonymous contact and unsuccessfully tries to get Faith away from her new boyfriend, Philo Gant. Gant is a music industry mogul who managed the recently murdered rapper Jeriko One.While in the car with Mace, Lenny plays the disc the contact gave him and watches as Iris is brutally raped and murdered by an attacker at the Sunset Regent hotel. As they approach the hotel, Iris's body is taken out on a stretcher. The next day, they take the disc to Tick, who cannot identify the source of the recording, but recalls that Iris was looking for Lenny. Deducing Iris may have left something in Lenny's car, Mace and Lenny go to the impound and find Iris's disc. Steckler and Engelman appear and demand the disc at gunpoint, but Lenny and Mace escape in her bullet-resistant car before being forced to stop at a dock. Steckler pours gasoline on the car and sets it on fire, but Mace drives it into the harbor, extinguishing the flames. When they reach the surface, the cops have left.Mace takes Lenny to her brother's house, and they watch Iris's disc, showing Iris was with Jeriko One when Steckler and Engelman pulled him over and murdered him, because his anti-police lyrics and activism incited protests against the LAPD. The two return to Tick, who Max explains has been rendered brain-dead from forceful exposure to amplified SQUID signals. Lenny fears Iris's attacker covered his tracks by "killing" Tick and will come after Faith. Back at the nightclub, Lenny and Mace confront Faith, who reveals that Philo is afraid Iris's disc would reveal that he kept his artists under surveillance. Lenny and Mace disagree over whether to trade the disc to Philo for Faith's freedom or release it publicly, which could incite a citywide riot. As midnight approaches, Lenny and Mace sneak into a private party that Philo is hosting at the Westin Bonaventure Hotel for the city's wealthy elite. Lenny has a change of heart and tells Mace to give the disc to deputy police commissioner Palmer Strickland.In Philo's penthouse suite, Lenny finds Philo brain-dead on the floor and another disc, revealing Faith's affair with Max, who "fried" Philo's brain with an amplified recording of them feigning rape. Pointing a gun at Lenny, Max explains that Philo hired him to kill Iris, but when Philo wanted Faith dead as part of the coverup, he decided to frame Lenny for the murders. Lenny and Max struggle in a fight, Faith intervenes and pulls off Max's wig with a SQUID inside - assuring a confession - and Max stabs Lenny in the back. The fight culminates with Lenny on the balcony with Max hanging over; Lenny pulls the knife from his back to cut his necktie and drop Max to his death. Lenny goes downstairs to find Mace, leaving Faith standing alone on the balcony.Meanwhile, on the crowded streets, Mace subdues Steckler and Engelman with baton and taser, but other officers take down Mace. The crowd moves in, in support of Mace, and a major riot seems inevitable. Strickland, who has viewed Iris's disc, arrives and orders Mace's release and the arrest of Steckler and Engelman for murder. Engelman commits suicide; Steckler threatens Mace, but the officers gun him down. Lenny finds Mace, and the two share a hug before she gets in Strickland's car. Then Lenny drags her out, and they share a kiss as the crowd celebrates the turn of the new millennium.
40	To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar (1995)	Comedy	After tying for the win in New York City's "Drag Queen of the Year" contest, Noxeema Jackson and Vida Boheme win a trip to Hollywood to take part in the even bigger "Drag Queen of America" pageant. Before they depart, Vida persuades Noxeema to take along the inexperienced "drag princess" Chi-Chi Rodriguez as their protégé (they initially refer to him simply as a "boy in a dress" rather than as a full-fledged drag queen). To do this, they cash in their plane tickets to a friend, John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt, and use the money to buy a yellow convertible 1967 Cadillac DeVille. They set off for Los Angeles in it, carrying with them an iconic autographed photo of Julie Newmar (signed "To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar") that Vida took from a restaurant wall.While on the road, they are pulled over by Sheriff Dollard, who hurls racial slurs then forces Vida out of the car and tries to rape her. Vida strikes him, and he is knocked unconscious. He is presumed dead, and the queens drive off. At a rest stop, they recover from the incident, but their car breaks down. Bobby Ray, a young man from the nearby small town of Snydersville, happens to pass by and gives them a ride to a bed and breakfast inn. The inn is owned by Carol Ann and her abusive car repairman husband, Virgil.They are stranded in the town for the weekend waiting for the replacement part for their car. Chi-Chi is harassed by a group of rednecks but is saved by Bobby Ray. While volunteering to help with the town's Strawberry Social, they decide the town's women need a day with them getting their hair done, picking out new outfits, and talking in a café. While searching for the new outfits, they are ecstatic to find vintage fashions from the 1960s in the town's clothing store and give the female residents (and themselves) a makeover.Following their makeover, they are abused by the same rednecks that attempted to harass Chi-Chi. Fed up, Noxeema handles the situation in a typical New York City manner and teaches their ringleader a lesson in manners by making him apologize and compliment the female residents. Vida, Noxeema, and Chi-Chi do what they can to be positive, and they set out to improve the lives of the townspeople, including offering assistance in organizing the Strawberry Social. Meanwhile, Sheriff Dollard is ridiculed by his colleagues, who believe he was beaten up by a girl. He goes in search of the drag queens.Vida becomes acutely aware of Carol Ann's abuse at the hands of Virgil and, one night, decides to intervene, beating Virgil up before throwing him out of the house. Carol Ann is able to repair their car, but they remain for the Strawberry Social. Carol Ann reveals to Vida that she knew she was a drag queen all along due to her Adam's apple.Virgil runs into Sheriff Dollard at a bar, and they realize that the newcomers are the same people Dollard has been searching for. They head back to Snydersville, and Dollard demands that the townspeople turn them over. The other townspeople, who now realize that their new friends are not women, devise a ruse to protect them. One by one, they confront Dollard, each one claiming to be a drag queen (in a similar fashion to Spartacus). Dollard is humiliated and flees. The Strawberry Social commences with everyone dressed in vibrant red outfits. The townspeople then say goodbye to Noxeema, Vida, and Chi-Chi as they prepare to leave. In honor of their friendship, Vida gives Carol Ann the autographed photo of Julie Newmar that has accompanied them on their trip.They eventually make it to Los Angeles where Chi-Chi, after having received many tips from Vida and Noxeema during their ordeal, wins the title of Drag Queen of the Year. The crown is presented by Julie Newmar herself.
41	Billy Madison (1995)	Comedy	Billy Madison is a dimwitted, immature, and spoiled 27-year-old heir to Madison Hotels, a Fortune 500 company founded by his father, Brian Madison. Rather than preparing to take over the family business, Billy spends his days partying with friends and causing chaos on the estate. After he embarrasses his father during an important dinner meeting, Brian, who is retiring soon, decides to hand control of the company to his conniving vice president, Eric Gordon.When Billy pleads for another chance, Brian reveals that he bribed teachers to help Billy pass school. The two strike a deal: Billy must complete grades 1 through 12, spending two weeks on each grade, to prove he is capable of running the company. Billy returns to elementary school, where he gradually earns the respect of his classmates and teacher, Veronica Vaughn, especially after standing up for a fellow student.Billy's rapid academic progress alarms Eric, who learns elementary school principal Max Anderson was once the professional wrestler called "the Revolting Blob", who accidentally killed an opponent in the ring. He uses this knowledge to blackmail Max into falsely claiming that Billy bribed him. As a result, Brian cancels the agreement and reinstates Eric as his successor. Discouraged, Billy drops out, but Veronica and his former classmates convince him to return. Max later confesses the truth, and Brian allows Billy to resume the challenge. When Eric objects, Billy proposes an academic decathlon to settle the matter.After a series of competitive events, Billy takes a narrow lead. In the final round—a Jeopardy!-style quiz—Eric selects "reflections of society in literature" for Billy's final category. Billy fumbles his answer but selects "business ethics" for Eric's final category. Unable to respond, Eric suffers a breakdown, pulls a gun on Billy, and is stopped by Max, who dons his Revolting Blob costume. Eric then attempts to harm Veronica but is shot by Danny McGrath, a former classmate Billy once bullied and later apologized to.At graduation, Billy announces that he will not take over Madison Hotels, instead entrusting the company to loyal operations manager Carl Alphonse. Billy expresses his desire to go to college and pursue a teaching career, while a defeated and injured Eric watches in frustration.
42	Clerks (1994)	Comedy	On his day off, Dante Hicks, a retail clerk at the Quick Stop Groceries convenience store in Leonardo, New Jersey, is instructed by his boss via phone call to cover another employee's morning shift. Dante asks to end early at noon to play a hockey game with friends later that day, with the boss coming in himself. Arriving to find the locks to the security shutters jammed closed with gum, he drapes a sheet over the shutters with "I ASSURE YOU; WE'RE OPEN!"  in shoe polish; he repeatedly laments, "I'm not even supposed to be here today."The first customer of the day is a man who attempts to convince cigarette-buying customers that they should buy Chewlies brand gum instead of cigarettes, displaying a bag containing what he claims is a diseased human lung corroded by tar. A crowd soon gathers around Dante, hostilely blaming him for the ills of cancer because he sells cigarettes at the man's impassioned urging. Dante's girlfriend Veronica Loughran enters, quickly calms the crowd down with a fire extinguisher, and confronts the man, who is revealed to be a Chewlies representative wishing to sell more gum. She then orders him out along with the crowd, chiding them for wasting their lives. Shortly after, Dante and Veronica converse behind the counter regarding Dante's current disposition. She then encounters an old boyfriend of hers, a customer named Willam Black, and admits to Dante that she engaged in snowballing with Black and performed fellatio on 36 other guys before their current relationship. Dante jealously considers her past acts as more severe than his own, which include having sex with twelve different women before her. She then storms out, furious with Dante's insensitivity.Dante's best friend, wisecracking slacker Randal Graves, soon arrives late for his own workday at the RST Video rental store next door, although he mostly keeps Dante company at the Quick Stop. Dante finds out from him that his unfaithful ex-girlfriend Caitlin Bree, with whom he still secretly communicates, is engaged. Some customers they encounter are angry and demanding, others are clueless and impolite, and still others prove unexpectedly wise. During lunch, Dante and Veronica reconcile their respective sexual pasts. Dante is  notified that his boss is vacationing in Vermont, leaving him to run the store. Dante convinces his friends to have their hockey game on the roof, and temporarily closes it down. Twelve minutes in, an irate customer arrives, demanding that Dante open the store and criticizing his playing, and ultimately sabotages the game. After Dante discovers that an ex-girlfriend of his, Julie Dwyer, has died, he and Randal temporarily depart for the memorial service. The visit is disastrous, and the two flee the funeral home; their conversation when they return to the store reveals that Randal accidentally toppled Julie's casket.Two of Dante's former high school classmates, Rick Derris and Heather Jones, inform him that everyone in their graduating class, except for him, knew of Caitlin's infidelity and that Rick even had sexual intercourse with Caitlin. A health department representative interrupts the conversation and questions Dante about his earlier whereabouts, then fines him $500 for selling cigarettes to a four-year-old, even though Randal actually sold them. Afterwards, Caitlin visits Dante, having ended her engagement. Torn between her and Veronica, he finally pursues a date with Caitlin, returning to his house to prepare. However, an incident in the store bathroom renders her catatonic; in the darkness, she had sex with who she thought was Dante but was really an elderly customer who suffered a fatal heart attack while masturbating to a pornographic magazine Dante provided him earlier. She is carted away in an ambulance along with the corpse.Drug dealers Jay and Silent Bob enter the Quick Stop to shoplift and unsuccessfully invite Dante to party with them after hours. Aware of Dante's problems, Silent Bob tersely reasons that he truly loves Veronica. However, Randal reveals he has already confessed the previous events to her, and she furiously and dramatically dumps Dante. Upset and furious, Dante brawls with Randal, trashing the Quick Stop in the process.After a brief crucial moment of clarity between them, Dante rants at Randal, blaming him for the day's events before repeating his relent of "I'm not even supposed to be here today!". Randal furiously blows up at Dante, reminding him that he abandoned his post to slack off several times of his own accord, but arrived at work nevertheless and could've left at any point but didn't, and furthermore neither of them are as "advanced" as they think they are, otherwise they wouldn't be stuck with such lowly jobs. The two reconcile and clean up, with Dante planning to take the next day off to visit Caitlin in the hospital and attempt reconciliation with Veronica. Before departing, Randal tosses Dante's shoe-polish sign in his face and declares, "You're closed!"
43	Disclosure (1994)	Drama, Thriller	Bob Garvin, the founder and CEO of the technology computer DigiCom, is happily married and plans to retire following a merger. The production line manager, Tom Sanders, expects to be promoted to head of the CD-ROM division. Instead, Meredith Johnson, Tom's ex-girlfriend, is brought on to handle the merger, as Garvin wanted to "break the glass ceiling". After calling Tom to her office to discuss a manufacturing problem with a new line of CD-ROM drives, Meredith seduces him. He allows her to perform oral sex, but rebuffs her attempts for intercourse. As Tom leaves, Meredith threatens him.The next morning, Tom discovers that Meredith has filed a sexual harassment complaint against him with the help of the legal counsel Phillip Blackburn. To save the merger from a scandal, causing Garvin to lose $100 million if the deal falls through, DigiCom officials demand that Tom accept reassignment to Texas. If Tom accepts, he will lose his stock options, his career will be ruined, and he will be left jobless when the other location is sold following the merger.Tom receives an anonymous e-mail from "A Friend" directing him to Catherine Alvarez, an attorney specializing in sexual harassment cases. Tom decides to sue DigiCom, alleging Meredith harassed him, which causes animosity with his wife and colleagues. At the initial mediation, a tearful Meredith lies and blames Tom. Garvin, believing the merger will fail without her, proposes Tom drop the lawsuit in exchange for keeping his position. Tom realizes he misdialed a number on his cell phone during the encounter with Meredith, recording the entire event on a colleague's voicemail. Tom rejects Garvin's proposal and plays the recording at the next meeting, discrediting Meredith. Meredith defends her behavior, saying that Tom's protests in the recording were expressions of a desire to be dominated. DigiCom agrees to a settlement calling for Meredith to be removed after the merger. As Tom celebrates, he receives another e-mail from "A Friend" warning him that all is not what it seems. Tom overhears Blackburn telling Meredith that although they lost the sexual harassment suit, they will make Tom look incompetent at the next morning's merger conference since Tom is unaware of the cause of the CD-ROM problems. Since the production line in Malaysia is Tom's responsibility, he can be fired for cause.Accessing the company database for clues, Tom finds his access privileges revoked. Using a virtual reality device with access to the company database, he accesses DigiCom's files but finds that Meredith is already deleting them. Tom's Malaysian colleague faxes him copies of incriminating memos and videos. They show that Meredith, and one of the heads of operations in Malaysia, changed Tom's production specifications to gain the Malaysian government's favor and cut costs to make DigiCom appear more profitable to complete the merger. These changes caused problems with the CD-ROM line. To save her career, Meredith, with Blackburn's support, staged the sexual encounter with Tom to falsely accuse him of sexual harassment, forcing him out of DigiCom and covering for her mistakes.When Tom makes his presentation at the conference, Meredith brings up the production problems, saying they were his responsibility. Tom states that she made the changes that led to the problems. When she denies having even been to the plant, Tom plays Malaysian news footage of her visiting the production line and Garvin fires her. While cleaning out her office, Meredith reveals to Tom that she has become disillusioned with Garvin following his unexpected turn against her, and refuses to accept accountability for her mistakes.Garvin announces the merger's completion and names Stephanie Kaplan to head up the Seattle operation, a decision Tom supports. Tom asks Stephanie's son, Spencer, a University of Washington student, if he knows "A Friend". Spencer confirms he is Professor Arthur Friend's research assistant at the university. Tom realizes that Spencer had access to Friend's email account, enabling Stephanie to warn Tom as "A Friend". He happily resumes his position as head of manufacturing.
44	Dolores Claiborne (1994)	Drama, Thriller	In 1995, Dolores Claiborne works as a domestic servant for her elderly, partially paralyzed employer, Vera Donovan, in her mansion on Little Tall Island in Maine. One afternoon, the pair have a struggle and Vera falls down the stairs. After ransacking the kitchen, Dolores is caught by the mailman who sees her standing over Vera with a rolling pin. Vera dies and the local police begin a murder investigation.Dolores' estranged daughter, Selena St. George, a successful New York City journalist with depression and substance abuse, reluctantly arrives in town to support her mother, despite her own doubts about Dolores' innocence. Dolores insists she did not kill Vera but the entire town have little trust as they still believe she killed her husband, Joe St. George, 18 years earlier. Detective John Mackey, who was the chief detective in his murder case, is determined to put Dolores away for life.In 1975, Joe was an abusive alcoholic who, unbeknownst to Dolores, was also sexually abusing 14-year-old Selena. Dolores accepted the job cleaning for Vera to save money to pay for Selena's education. When Dolores discovered Selena was being molested, she went to the bank to withdraw the money so they could flee Joe's abuse, but found that Joe had stolen it. Dolores confided in Vera about the situation and Vera implied she killed her own husband, who had supposedly died in a car wreck, which Vera engineered to look like an accident. Vera's confession formed a bond between the two women and convinced Dolores to take control of her own situation.Dolores says Vera threw herself down the stairs in an attempt to commit suicide, and then begged Dolores to put her out of her misery. Mackey refuses to believe her as Vera has left Dolores her entire fortune in a will that is eight years old, which Dolores knew nothing about. Dolores and Selena argue about Joe's abuse, which Selena has always strongly denied, and Selena storms out, leaving Dolores to fend for herself.A flashback reveals one day when Dolores returned home from work, she told a drunken Joe she knows he stole the money and also that he molests Selena. She then provoked him into a rage and led him to fall down a well in their front yard, leaving him to die as he plunged to the stone bottom. Selena hears this story on a tape left for her by Dolores, who had foreseen her departure. While on the ferry, Selena suddenly uncovers a repressed memory of her father forcing her to touch him sexually. Realizing everything, Selena rushes back to Dolores as she is attending the coroner's inquest.As Mackey makes a case to be sent to a grand jury in an attempt to indict Dolores for murder, Selena arrives and tells him he has no admissible evidence; he is only doing this because of his personal vendetta against Dolores, and that despite an often stormy relationship, Vera and Dolores loved each other. Realizing that the case would likely end with either a dismissal or acquittal, Mackey reluctantly drops the charges. Dolores and Selena reconcile on the ferry wharf before Selena returns home to New York.
45	Eat Drink Man Woman (1994)	Comedy, Drama	On a Sunday evening in Taipei, semi-retired chef and widower Zhu prepares a feast for his three daughters. Jia-Jen, the eldest, is a chemistry teacher who devotes herself to Christianity after facing heartbreak from her college ex-boyfriend. The second daughter, Jia-Chien, is an executive at an airline company. She wanted to become a head chef like her father but he claimed that it was not for a woman. Jia-Ning, the youngest, is a college student who works part-time at a Wendy's fast food restaurant.At dinner, Jia-Chien announces that she has invested in a new apartment and will be moving out once construction is complete. Surprisingly, Mr. Zhu approves. Jia-Chien criticizes the flavor, claiming Mr. Zhu's taste is deteriorating. Mr. Zhu dismisses the idea before suddenly rushing off to help his (and Jia-Chien's) long-time friend and "taster", Old Wen, at a banquet. Afterwards, Mr. Zhu wonders with Old Wen if there is anything more to life than eating, drinking, man, and woman. Meanwhile, family friend Jin-Rong stops by the Zhu residence with her daughter Shan-Shan. Jin-Rong vocalizes her difficulties with a messy divorce while being responsible for work, Shan-Shan, and her opinionated mother, Madame Liang, as she returns to Taipei from America. Jia-Jen comforts her while Shan-Shan colors a caricature of Mr. Zhu.The next morning, Mr. Zhu meets Shan-Shan, learns that the lunches Jin-Rong provides her are suboptimal, and decides to cook for her. Shan-Shan agrees, letting Mr. Zhu eat the lunches her mom made to prevent her from discovering their secret. At school, Jia-Jen meets the new volleyball coach Ming-Dao and they take interest in one another. Jia-Chien meets the chief negotiator Li Kai during a meeting at work and they flirt with one another. She has a chance to relocate to Amsterdam due to a potential promotion. Jia-Ning meets up with Guo-Lun, her friend Rachel's on-and-off boyfriend. As Guo-Lun mopes about his unrequited love, Jia-Ning comforts him, telling him that true love is being with someone he can express his feelings to comfortably, leading Guo-Lun to realize his love for Jia-Ning.Meanwhile, Old Wen becomes hospitalized. Jia-Jen is fooled by love letters she believes are from Ming-Dao, falling for a prank by her students. Jia-Chien's apartment investment falls through as she discovers that the apartment company went bankrupt and ran away with her savings. She also learns that it was Li Kai who broke Jia-Jen's heart in college and confronts him about it. Li Kai says he never dated Jia-Jen. Jia-Ning faces a dilemma when she begins dating Guo-Lun even after Rachel confesses that she loves him. Mr. Zhu's health deteriorates and secretly visits the hospital, unaware that Jia-Chien saw him while visiting Old Wen. Eventually, Old Wen passes away and Mr. Zhu concludes that his sense of taste has officially departed.At another Sunday feast, Jia-Chien announces that she will no longer be moving out; Mr. Zhu tells her not to worry. Later, Jia-Ning reveals her relationship with Guo-Lun and her pregnancy. The next dinner, Jia-Jen divulges that she and Ming-Dao have eloped. Jia-Jen and Jia-Ning move out of the residence, leaving Mr. Zhu with Jia-Chien. Troubled, Mr. Zhu begins to confide in and meet Madame Liang, leading the daughters to believe that the two are romantically involved.Worried about her father's health, Jia-Chien rejects her promotion. Soon, the sisters, their partners, and Jin-Rong's family gather for a large Sunday feast. Mr. Zhu announces his engagement, not to Madame Liang, but to Jin-Rong, also revealing that his visit to the hospital was to show good health to gain Madame Liang's blessing. Madame Liang goes into shock, abruptly ending the dinner. Later, Jia-Ning and Guo-Lun have their baby, Jia-Jen converts Ming-Dao to Christianity, and Mr. Zhu sells the family home and buys a condo with Jin-Rong and Shan-Shan. Jia-Chien, no longer needing to take care of her father, accepts the job in Amsterdam. Before she leaves she prepares a final feast for the family in the family home, but only Mr. Zhu arrives. When Mr. Zhu tastes her cooking he suddenly realizes that his sense of taste has returned. The two hold each other’s hands in the dining room, and call each other “Father” and “Daughter”.
46	Exotica (1994)	Drama	Francis Brown, a tax auditor for Revenue Canada, is a regular visitor to a Toronto strip club called Exotica. He always has Christina, an exotic dancer dressed in a schoolgirl uniform, give him a private dance. This inspires the jealousy of the club's DJ, Eric, Christina's former boyfriend who has also impregnated the club's owner, Zoe. While at the club, Francis pays his brother Harold's teenage daughter, Tracey, to "babysit". However, Francis has no children and the girl merely practices music alone on his piano until Francis returns and drives her home. Francis' relationship with Harold is strained, as Francis learned that Harold and Francis' wife had been having an affair before she died in a car accident that left Harold a paraplegic. Francis' daughter, Lisa, had been kidnapped and murdered a few months before the accident, and he was one of the suspects but was later exonerated. These events have left a huge psychological scar on Francis.In his professional life, Francis is sent to audit an exotic pet store owned and operated by Thomas Pinto, an introverted gay man profiting from the illegal import of a rare bird species. Thomas has been smuggling hyacinth macaw eggs, and his operation has afforded him hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, spurring suspicion from Canadian authorities. Francis soon discovers these illegal activities in Thomas' financial records.Francis is eventually banned from Exotica when Eric manipulates him into touching Christina during one of her dances, violating the club's rules. Having realized that Eric intentionally set out to get Francis banned from the club, he vows to murder him. Armed with the knowledge of Thomas's tax evasion, Francis blackmails Thomas into visiting Exotica, and instructs him to touch Christina during one of her dances, so that Thomas too will be thrown out of the club; Francis intends to use this as an opportunity to infiltrate the club and murder Eric.Francis affixes Thomas with a wiretap so that he can listen in on Thomas's visit to Exotica. While Christina gives Thomas a lap dance, he attempts to glean information from her, and the two have a conversation which Francis listens to from his parked car. Christina explains to Thomas that she and Francis share a relationship of mutual dependency, and reveals to Thomas personal details about Francis's life, specifically his daughter's murder. A distraught Francis exits his car and waits for Eric outside the club. Confronting Eric with a gun, Francis is defused when Eric reveals he and Christina, who met each other while volunteering in a search party for the missing Lisa, were the ones who discovered Lisa's dead body. Francis embraces Eric.In a flashback, Francis drives a teenage Christina—who, at that time, worked for Francis and his wife as Lisa's babysitter—to her parents' home. During these routine drives, Francis would often comfort Christina over her troubled home life. As Francis drops Christina off at her house, he assures her that she can always confide in him.
47	Ed Wood (1994)	Comedy, Drama	In 1952, aspiring writer and director Ed Wood is struggling to enter the film industry. Upon hearing of an announcement in Variety magazine that producer George Weiss is trying to purchase Christine Jorgensen's life story, Ed meets with Weiss to direct a now fictionalized film titled I Changed My Sex!, but is not hired. Ed then meets his longtime idol, horror film actor Bela Lugosi, with whom he becomes friends. Ed soon persuades Weiss to let him direct the film by convincing him that having a star in the film would sell tickets, and they could sign Lugosi for a low price. At the same time, Ed shows the film's completed script to his girlfriend, Dolores Fuller, and soon reveals that he is secretly a transvestite, having worn women's clothing for personal comfort since childhood. This discovery causes their relationship to be strained, as Fuller has a difficult time accepting it.During production for Glen or Glenda, Ed and Weiss argue over the film's title and subject matter, but Weiss eventually plays by Ed's rules, on the condition that the film's footage meets seven reels. As filming gets going, with the story now about a transvestite, Ed takes to film production with an unusual approach; shooting only one take per scene, giving actors very little direction, and using stock footage to fill in gaps. The movie is released to critical and commercial failure, preventing Ed from getting work at Weiss' Screen Classics or making a partnership with Warner Bros. executive Feldman (who at first believes the film to be a practical joke played on him by William Wellman). On the advice of Fuller, Ed decides to finance his next film independently. In his efforts to fund Bride of the Atom, Ed gets Bela a guest spot on a TV variety show, and meets The Amazing Criswell, who helps Ed in selling himself better. He also meets and befriends Tor Johnson after a wrestling match, and casts him as Lobo. During this time, Ed discovers that Lugosi has developed a morphine addiction.Following a failed fundraising dinner at the Brown Derby, Ed meets Loretta King, whom he mistakes for a wealthy heiress; he asks her to fund the film and ends up casting her as the lead instead of Fuller, with Fuller being assigned a smaller role, which further strains her relationship with Ed. Filming begins but is halted when it is revealed that Loretta is actually poor, so Ed convinces meat packing industry tycoon Don McCoy to continue funding the film, who agrees as long as his son is cast as the lead and the film ends with an explosion. When filming wraps up, with the title being changed to Bride of the Monster, Fuller breaks up with Ed at the wrap party out of frustration at Ed's cross-dressing, his circle of misfit friends, and the poor quality of Ed's movies. Lugosi attempts to conduct a double suicide with Ed after the government cuts off his unemployment benefit, but is talked out of it. Lugosi checks himself into rehab to cure his drug addiction, and Ed meets Kathy O'Hara, who is visiting her father there. He takes her on a date and reveals his transvestism to her, which she accepts, and they begin a relationship. After Lugosi is checked out of rehab, he and Ed shoot a film with Lugosi outside his home. Ed and company (along with TV horror icon Vampira) later attend the premiere of Bride of the Monster, where an angry mob chases them out of the theater.Afterwards, Lugosi dies, leaving Ed without a star. After learning that his landlord's church is struggling to produce a series of religious films about the twelve apostles, Ed convinces him to allow his church to fund his script for a sci-fi film, Grave Robbers from Outer Space, which could result in a box-office success and generate enough money for the landlord's dream project. Ed hires Vampira, Tor, Criswell, and Kathy's chiropractor Dr. Tom Mason to star in the film (the latter being a stand-in for Lugosi), and he and all his friends partake in a baptism ceremony at the church. During filming, Ed has conflicts with the Baptists over the title, script content, Tor's performance, and Ed's B movie directing style, eventually renaming the film Plan 9 from Outer Space. Ed soon leaves the set out of frustration to go to the nearest bar, where he has an encounter with filmmaker Orson Welles, who shares Wood's frustration: as he claims to be struggling with similar issues while working on Don Quixote, and advises him to assert his vision and resist artistic changes imposed onto him by sponsors, citing Citizen Kane as an example of a project of his wherein he had complete creative control. Filming finishes with Ed taking action against his producers' wishes.Plan 9 from Outer Space is first shown in a huge premiere, attended by dozens of people, where Ed introduces the film in honor of Lugosi, and as the film plays, he quietly states his belief that this film will be his most well-known. After the film ends, a proud Ed and Kathy go to Las Vegas to get married. Closing texts reveal that Ed was unable to gain mainstream success in the film industry before his death in 1978, and was posthumously named "Worst Director of All Time", though that honor ended up earning him worldwide acclaim and a new generation of fans.
48	Hoop Dreams (1994)	Documentary	In 1987, William Gates and Arthur Agee, two African-American teenagers, are recruited by a scout from St. Joseph High School in Westchester, Illinois, a predominantly White high school with an outstanding basketball program. The team is led by Gene Pingatore, who coached National Basketball Association (NBA) Hall of Fame player Isiah Thomas when Thomas played at St. Joseph. Agee and Gates are both from poor African-American neighborhoods in Chicago, Illinois: Gates lives in the Cabrini–Green projects, while Agee and his family reside in West Garfield Park. Both boys face 90-minute commutes to the school each way. In their freshman year, Gates starts on the varsity team at St. Joseph and helps them win the sectional title, earning a mention from The Sportswriters on TV as possibly "the next Isiah Thomas", although St. Joseph is eliminated in the super-sectionals in a narrow loss to St. Francis de Sales High School. Meanwhile, Agee plays on the freshman team and struggles both on the court and in the classroom. At the end of the year, Agee is kicked out of St. Joseph as his family is unable to pay his tuition; Gates's fees are covered by his sponsor, the president of Encyclopedia Britannica, who also helps him find a white collar summer job. Agee's rejection from St. Joseph damages his self-confidence, and he plays poorly for the high school team at John Marshall High School, coached by Luther Bedford. In his sophomore year, Gates again starts on the varsity team. St. Joseph is eliminated by Gordon Tech in the sectional finals, and Gates struggles with the weight of expectations from his brother, Curtis, who was a talented player in his own right but never made it to the pros and has now transferred his unfulfilled aspirations onto his younger brother. In their junior year, both boys face challenges. Gates suffers a knee injury that requires surgery and months of rehabilitation, while Arthur's mother, Sheila, loses her job and the family goes on welfare as Arthur's father, Bo, has walked out and become addicted to drugs. Bo later gives up drugs and returns to the family, and Sheila earns a nursing degree. During this time, the Agee household takes in Arthur's close friend, Shannon, who is escaping an abusive household. On the court, Agee and John Marshall improve on their poor sophomore year record, including winning an upset victory over Dunbar Vocational High School. St. Joseph makes it to the sectional finals, where they once again face Gordon Tech. Gates plays timidly because of his injury. At the end of the fourth quarter, with seconds on the clock and trailing by one, St. Joseph wins two free throws. Gates—normally a clutch free throw shooter—steps up to take them, but he misses both and St. Joseph is knocked out of the play-offs. Despite his injury, Gates is courted by many college basketball programs, especially Marquette University, and attends the Nike All-America summer camp at Princeton before his senior year (where Dick Vitale and Spike Lee make appearances). After returning from camp, Gates signs a letter of intent with Marquette, though he struggles to meet the minimum ACT test score to be eligible for an athletic scholarship. Meanwhile, Arthur, playing high school basketball in the Chicago Public High School League, attracts far less attention from college recruiters, although a couple of junior colleges show interest in him. In Gates's senior year, St. Joseph's season concludes early in a second-round play-off loss against Nazareth Academy, ending his hopes of "going downstate" for the state championship. Gates had been benched by Coach Pingatore at the start of the game for arriving late. John Marshall goes on an unlikely run through the city championship, largely thanks to Agee's excellent play. The team makes it to the state championship in Champaign, finishing third in the state after a semi-final loss to Manual High School. At the end of the film, Gates has entered Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and Agee is attending Mineral Area College in Park Hills, Missouri, and still hoping to play for the NBA.
49	I.Q. (1994)	Comedy, Romance	At 1950s Princeton University, mathematics doctoral candidate Catherine Boyd is engaged to hyper-critical James Moreland, a professor of experimental psychology. They stop at a nearby garage when their car breaks down, where mechanic Ed Walters, a science-fiction hobbyist, falls in love with Catherine at first sight.Ed visits Catherine's address to return her forgotten watch, coming face to face with Albert Einstein, Catherine's uncle. Befriending Albert and his mischievous fellow scientists Nathan Liebknecht, Kurt Gödel, and Boris Podolsky, Ed confides in them about his feelings for Catherine.  At a faculty dinner, Catherine embarrasses James by suggesting a sensual Hawaiian honeymoon, and he reveals that he has accepted a position at Stanford University, where she will be resigned to life as a housewife.The four scientists bring Albert's car to Ed's garage to transform into a convertible and, believing Ed is far better suited for Catherine than James, brainstorm how he can pique her interest. Ed jokingly asks to "borrow their brains", inspiring them to help him pose as a hidden genius. They convince Catherine that Ed has developed a brilliant concept for a cold fusion-powered spacecraft, secretly based on one of Albert's unpublished papers.Catherine arranges for a nervous Ed to present his supposed findings at an Institute for Advanced Study symposium, where he makes it through by speaking directly to her. At the reception afterward, the scientists distract James and Albert feigns a heart attack to leave with Catherine and Ed, bringing them to a café. Catherine senses Ed's feelings for her, but Albert arranges for them to share a dance to a jukebox waltz, until Catherine remembers James is expecting her.Bob and Frank, Ed's fellow mechanics, worry he is in too deep, and James challenges him in front of the press to a public intelligence test. With Catherine in the audience, an inspired Ed quickly solves the manual puzzles, but is subjected to fifty multiple-choice questions on advanced physics. The four scientists slyly prompt him with the answers, leading him to score an I.Q. of 186.The "proof" of Ed's genius is publicized in newspapers and cinema newsreels, much to Catherine's delight, but she notices an error in his supposed calculations, forcing Albert to cause her to doubt her own work to protect the ruse. The scientists free James' lab animals to keep him from Albert's sailing excursion, where Catherine realizes her own feelings for Ed, and they kiss.Ed prepares to tell Catherine the truth, but is surprised by the arrival of President Eisenhower, who expects to see the supposed nuclear fusion engine that will overtake a rumored Russian project. Realizing the truth about Ed, Catherine is picked up by the presidential motorcade. Ed catches up on his motorcycle and Catherine confronts him in a field, leading the president to believe Ed is proposing to her. Catherine slaps Ed after he admits to lying to her, and Albert confirms that she has mathematically disproven his own theory.Having unearthed Albert's original paper, James accuses both Ed and Albert of fraud, but Albert claims that everything was part of "Operation Red Cabbage", a top-secret scheme to prove the Russians were lying about their own nuclear advances. Rushed to the hospital for a real emergency, Albert urges Catherine not to let her brain overrule her heart. Ed apologizes to Catherine and departs, hoping she will someday realize she is extraordinary. A comet is due that night, and the scientists arrange for Catherine to find Ed at Stargazers' Field, where they reunite to watch the stars from Albert's convertible.
50	Star Wars (1977)	Action, Adventure, Romance, Sci-Fi, War	In a period of galactic civil war, Rebel Alliance spies have stolen blueprints  to the Death Star, a colossal space station built by the Galactic Empire that is capable of destroying entire planets. Princess Leia Organa of Alderaan, secretly a rebel leader, has obtained the schematics, but her ship is intercepted and boarded by Imperial forces under the command of Darth Vader. Leia is taken prisoner, but the droids R2-D2 and C-3PO escape with the plans, crashing on the nearby desert planet of Tatooine. Darth Vader learns of this and orders the Imperials to pursue the droids.The droids are captured by Jawa traders, who sell them to the moisture farmers Owen and Beru Lars and their nephew, Luke Skywalker. While Luke is cleaning R2-D2, he discovers a recording of Leia requesting help from a former ally named Obi-Wan Kenobi. R2-D2 goes missing, and while searching for him, Luke is attacked by Sand People. He is rescued by the elderly hermit Ben Kenobi, who soon reveals himself as Obi-Wan. He tells Luke about his past as one of the Jedi Knights, former peacekeepers of the Galactic Republic, who drew mystical abilities from the Force but were exterminated by the Empire. Luke learns that his father, also a Jedi, fought alongside Obi-Wan during the Clone Wars until Vader, Obi-Wan's former pupil, turned to the dark side of the Force and murdered him. Obi-Wan gives Luke his father's lightsaber, the signature weapon of the Jedi. R2-D2 plays Leia's full message, in which she begs Obi-Wan to take the Death Star plans to Alderaan and give them to her father, a fellow veteran, for analysis. Luke initially declines Obi-Wan's offer to accompany him to Alderaan and learn the ways of the Force. Still, he is left with no choice after Imperial stormtroopers murder his family and destroy his home while searching for the droids. Seeking a way off the planet, Luke and Obi-Wan travel with the droids to the city of Mos Eisley and hire the smuggler Han Solo and his Wookiee partner Chewbacca, pilots of the starship Millennium Falcon.Before the Falcon reaches Alderaan, the Death Star commander Grand Moff Tarkin has the planet obliterated by the station's superlaser. En route to Alderaan aboard the Falcon, Obi-Wan begins Luke's training in the use of the Force, but the old Jedi is overwhelmed by emotion when the planet is destroyed and millions of people are killed. Upon arrival, the Falcon is captured by the Death Star's tractor beam, but the passengers avoid detection and infiltrate the station. As Obi-Wan leaves to deactivate the tractor beam, Luke persuades Han and Chewbacca to help him rescue Leia, who is scheduled for execution after refusing to reveal the location of the rebel base. After disabling the tractor beam, Obi-Wan sacrifices himself in a lightsaber duel against Vader, which allows the rest of the group to escape. Using a tracking device placed on the Falcon, the Empire locates the rebel base on the moon Yavin 4.Analysis of the Death Star schematics reveals a weakness in a small exhaust port leading directly to the station's reactor. Luke joins the Rebellion's X-wing squadron in a desperate attack against the Death Star, while Han and Chewbacca leave to pay off a debt to the crime lord Jabba the Hutt. In the ensuing battle, Vader leads a squadron of TIE fighters and destroys several rebel ships, while Tarkin orders the Death Star to manuever into position to destroy Yavin 4. Han and Chewbacca unexpectedly return in the Falcon, knocking Vader's ship off course before he can shoot Luke down. Guided by the voice of Obi-Wan's spirit, Luke uses the Force to aim his torpedoes into the exhaust port, causing the Death Star to explode moments before it can fire on the rebel base. Vader regains control of his ship, sees the destruction of the Death Star, and flees into deep space. Leia awards Luke and Han medals for their heroism in a triumphant ceremony.
51	Legends of the Fall (1994)	Drama, Romance, War, Western	The film is narrated by One Stab, a Cree friend of the Ludlows, as he tells the family story to a newspaper reporter.Sick of betrayals the US government perpetrated on Native Americans, Colonel William Ludlow leaves the Army, moving to a remote part of Montana. Along with One Stab, he builds a ranch and raises his family. Accompanying them are hired hand and former outlaw Decker with his Cree wife Pet, and daughter Isabel Two. William has three sons: Alfred, the eldest; Tristan, the middle son; and Samuel, the youngest.William's wife Isabel does not adapt to the harsh Montana winters and moves to the East Coast; Tristan vows never to speak of her. At age 12, Tristan touches a sleeping grizzly bear, which awakens and injures him, but he cuts off a claw.Years later in 1914, Samuel returns from Harvard University with his fiancée, Susannah. Before they can marry, he announces his intention to join the Canadian Expeditionary Force and aid Britain in the fight against Germany in World War I. Much to William's displeasure, Alfred also joins. Tristan reluctantly joins after swearing to Susannah to protect Samuel.The brothers find themselves in the 10th Battalion, CEF. Alfred, commissioned as an officer, leads a charge into no man's land. The attack results in heavy casualties and he is wounded. While visiting Alfred in the field hospital, Tristan learns that Samuel volunteered for a dangerous reconnaissance mission. He rushes off to protect his brother but arrives too late. Tristan holds Samuel until he dies, then cuts out his brother's heart and sends it home to be buried at the ranch.Maddened with grief, Tristan single-handedly raids the German lines and returns to camp with the scalps of German soldiers hanging around his neck, horrifying his fellow soldiers. He is discharged but does not go home. Alfred returns to Montana and proposes to Susannah, but she declines.Tristan returns home, where Susannah finds him weeping over Samuel's grave. She comforts him and they become lovers. A jealous Alfred confronts Tristan before leaving to make his name in Helena. Tristan is plagued with guilt over Samuel's death and feels responsible for driving Alfred away; he leaves Montana and travels the world for several years.Susannah vows to wait for Tristan but eventually receives a letter from him telling her to marry someone else. Alfred comforts her, and when William finds them together, it leads to a falling out between father and son. William later suffers a stroke, does not speak for years and the ranch deteriorates. Susannah marries Alfred, now a congressman. Alfred's business and politics cause him to get involved with the O'Banion brothers, Irish bootleggers and gangsters.Tristan returns in the 1920s during Prohibition, bringing life back to the ranch and to his father. He falls in love with Isabel Two and they marry and have two children. Tristan becomes involved in small-scale rum-running, finding himself at odds with the O'Banions. Isabel Two is accidentally killed by a corrupt police officer working for the gangsters. Furious, Tristan beats the officer nearly to death and is jailed.Susannah visits Tristan, still having feelings for him, but he refuses her advances. After his release, he and Decker kill those responsible for Isabel's death, including one of the O'Banion brothers.Unable to live without Tristan, Susannah commits suicide. The remaining O'Banion brother, along with the corrupt sheriff and another officer, come after Tristan in revenge. At the ranch, William shoots and kills the O'Banion brother and the police officer, and Alfred kills the sheriff as Tristan shields William. Alfred reconciles with his father and brother.The family realizes that Tristan will be blamed for the deaths and hunted relentlessly by the O'Banion's allies, prompting him to ask Alfred to take care of his children. They then bury the bodies and dump the car in the Missouri River. Tristan outlives everyone else in the family, and watches his children and grandchildren grow.In 1963, Tristan, now an old man living in the North Country, investigates an animal carcass and is confronted by a grizzly bear. He draws his knife, fights it and dies in the struggle. One Stab concludes his narration with, "It was a good death".
52	Madness of King George, The (1994)	Drama	King George III's bout of madness in 1788 touched off the Regency Crisis of 1788 and triggered a power struggle between factions of Parliament under the Tory Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger and the reform-minded Leader of the Opposition Charles James Fox.At first, the King's behaviour appears mildly eccentric. He is deeply concerned with the wellbeing and productivity of Great Britain and exhibits an encyclopaedic knowledge of the families of even the most obscure royal appointments. He is devoted to his loving wife, Queen Charlotte, and their large brood of 15 children. However, he is growing more unsettled, partly over the loss of America. His memory fails, his behaviour becomes erratic and hypersexual, he talks and talks, and his urine turns blue.George, Prince of Wales, aggravates the situation, knowing that he will be named regent if the King becomes incapacitated.  George chafes under his father's relentless criticism, and yearns for greater freedom, particularly when it comes to choosing a wife. He married the woman everyone believes to be his mistress, Mrs. Fitzherbert, in a secret ceremony in 1785. Without his father's consent, the marriage is illegal. Even with consent, it would remove him from the succession, because Fitzherbert is a Catholic. He knows that he has the moral support of Fox, whose agenda includes abolition of the slave trade and friendlier relations with America. Knowing how to exacerbate the King's behaviour, the Prince arranges a concert of music by Handel. The King reacts as expected, interrupting the musicians, speaking lasciviously to Lady Pembroke, and finally assaulting his son.In a private moment, the King tells Charlotte that he knows something is wrong. They are brutally interrupted when the Prince has them separated, supposedly on the advice of physicians. Led by the Prince of Wales' personal physician, Dr. Warren, the King is treated using the medical practices of the time, which focus on the state of his urine and bowel movements and include painful cupping and purgatives.Lady Pembroke recommends Dr. Francis Willis, who cured her mother-in-law. Willis uses novel procedures. At his farm in Lincolnshire, patients work to gain "a better opinion of themselves." He observes to an equerry "To be curbed, thwarted, stood up to, exercises the character."  When the King insults him, foully, he is strapped into a chair and gagged. He will be restrained whenever he "swears and indulges in meaningless discourse" and "does not strive every day and always towards his own recovery".When the Prince has the King transferred to Kew, Charlotte watches as her beloved, bearded and wearing a soiled diaper and a straitjacket, struggles against being put in the coach. "Until you can govern yourself, you're not fit to govern others. And until you do so, I shall govern you," Willis says. At Kew, the King spits soup at Willis, but gains control under the physician's intractable gaze. Later, the King, properly dressed, feeds himself to a round of applause from staff—but the delusions persist.The Whig opposition confronts Pitt's increasingly unpopular Tory government with a proposal that would give the Prince powers of regency. Baron Thurlow, the Lord Chancellor, obtains and suppresses proof of the marriage. Fox wins, and the Regency Bill is printed. Thurlow comes to see the King and joins in a moving reading of King Lear. "I have remembered how to seem..." the King muses. "What, what!" an expression he has not used in six months. His urine is yellow.Thurlow and the King arrive at Parliament in time to thwart the bill. The King forces the Prince to admit his marriage and to put away Fitzherbert. With the crisis averted, all those who have witnessed his suffering are summarily dismissed, including Captain Greville, the King's equerry. Fitzroy, another equerry, observes to the sacked Greville: "To be kind does not commend you to kings."Cheering crowds welcome the royal family to St. Paul's Cathedral. Willis stands by, but the King dismisses him."We must be a model family," he declares; George wants "something to do." "Smile at the people, wave at them. Let them see that we're happy. That's why we're here." Saluting, Willis disappears into the crowd, where Mrs. Fitzherbert also smiles, wistfully.
53	Natural Born Killers (1994)	Action, Thriller	Mickey Knox and his wife Mallory stop at a diner in the New Mexico desert. A duo of rednecks arrive and begin sexually harassing Mallory as she dances by a jukebox. She initially encourages it before beating one of the men viciously. Mickey joins her, and the couple murder everyone in the diner, save one customer, to whom they proudly declare their names before leaving. The couple camp in the desert, and Mallory reminisces about how she met Mickey, a meat deliveryman who serviced her family's household. After a whirlwind romance, Mickey is arrested for grand theft auto and sent to prison; he escapes and returns to Mallory's home. The couple murders Mallory's sexually abusive father and neglectful mother, but spare the life of Mallory's little brother, Kevin. The couple then have an unofficial marriage ceremony on a bridge.Later, Mickey and Mallory hold a woman hostage in their hotel room. Angered by Mickey's desire for a threesome, Mallory leaves, and Mickey rapes the hostage. Mallory drives to a nearby gas station, where she flirts with a mechanic. They begin to have sex on the hood of a car, but after Mallory suffers a flashback of being raped by her father, and the mechanic recognizes her as a wanted murderer, Mallory kills him. The pair continue their killing spree, ultimately claiming 52 victims in New Mexico, Arizona and Nevada. Pursuing them is detective Jack Scagnetti, who became obsessed with mass murderers at the age of eight after having witnessed the murder of his mother at the hand of Charles Whitman. Beneath his heroic façade, he is also a violent psychopath and has murdered prostitutes in his past. Following the pair's murder spree is self-serving tabloid journalist Wayne Gale, who profiles them on his show American Maniacs, soon elevating them to cult-hero status.Mickey and Mallory become lost in the desert after taking psychedelic mushrooms, and they stumble upon a ranch owned by Warren Red Cloud, a Navajo man who provides them food and shelter. As Mickey and Mallory sleep, Warren, sensing evil in the couple, attempts to exorcise the demon that he perceives in Mickey, chanting over him as he sleeps. Mickey, who has nightmares of his abusive parents, awakens during the exorcism and shoots Warren to death. As the couple flee, they feel inexplicably guilty and come across a giant field of rattlesnakes, where they are badly bitten. They reach a drugstore to purchase snakebite antidote, but the store is sold out. A pharmacist recognizes the couple and triggers an alarm before Mickey kills him. Police arrive shortly after and accost the couple and a shootout ensues. The police end the showdown by beating the couple while a news crew films the action.One year later, the imprisoned Mickey and Mallory are thought to be criminally insane and are scheduled to be transferred to psychiatric hospitals, with Scagnetti overseeing their transfer. Warden Dwight McClusky tells the detective that he should kill the Knoxes during their transfer and claim they had tried to escape.Meanwhile, Gale has persuaded Mickey to submit to a live interview that will air after the Super Bowl. During the interview, Mickey declares himself a "natural born killer", inspiring the other inmates to start a prison riot. After McClusky terminates the interview, Mickey is left alone with Gale, the film crew and several guards. He manages to overpower a guard and kill most of the people in the room, taking Gale and several others hostage. Gale and his crew give a live television report that profiles the riot. Meanwhile, when Scagnetti attempts to seduce Mallory in her cell, she beats him viciously before another guard subdues her with tear gas. Mickey and Gale reach Mallory's cell, where Mickey kills the guards and engages in a Mexican standoff with Scagnetti before Mallory kills him.Gale's entire television crew is killed trying to escape the riot, while Gale himself begins indulging in violence, shooting at prison guards. Mickey and Mallory steal a van and escape into the woods with Gale, to whom they give a final interview before declaring that he must die. He attempts various arguments to change their minds, appealing to their trademark practice of leaving one survivor. Mickey informs him that they are leaving a witness to tell the tale: his camera. Gale accepts his fate and is shot to death. Unbeknownst to the three, the entire exchange is transmitted to a horrified news anchor through Gale's in-ear microphone.Several years later, Mickey and Mallory, still fugitives, travel in an RV, as a pregnant Mallory watches their two children play.
54	Outbreak (1995)	Action, Drama, Thriller	The single biggest threat to man's continued dominance on the planet is the virus.In 1967, during the Stanleyville mutinies, a virus called Motaba, which causes a deadly fever, is discovered in the African jungle. To keep the virus a secret, U.S. Army officers Donald McClintock and William Ford order the bombing of the camp where soldiers were infected, killing all occupants.Twenty-eight years later, USAMRIID virologist Colonel Sam Daniels investigates an outbreak in Zaire which wiped out an entire village aside from two survivors (the shaman and a young boy). He and his crew — Lieutenant Colonel Casey Schuler and new USAMRIID officer Major Salt — gather information and return to the United States. Ford, now a brigadier general, and Daniels' superior officer, dismisses Daniels's fears that the virus will spread.A white-headed capuchin monkey that is host to the virus is smuggled into the country. James "Jimbo" Scott, a worker at a California animal testing laboratory, is infected when he steals the monkey. Jimbo tries to sell the monkey to Rudy Alvarez, a pet-store proprietor, but Alvarez refuses to buy it. The monkey scratches Rudy and he later becomes infected. A hospital technician in Cedar Creek is also infected after accidentally breaking a vial of Rudy's blood.Jimbo releases the monkey into the woods outside Palisades. While flying to Boston, Jimbo develops symptoms and infects his girlfriend, Alice, at the airport. Their illness is investigated by Dr. Roberta Keough, a CDC scientist and Daniels's ex-wife. Jimbo, Alice, and Rudy die, but Keough determines no one else in Boston was infected.In Cedar Creek, the virus quickly mutates into an airborne, influenza-like strain, after many are infected in a superspreading event at a local movie theatre. Daniels flies to Cedar Creek against Ford's orders, joining Keough's team with Schuler and Salt. As they search for the monkey, the Army quarantines the town and imposes martial law. Schuler is infected when his suit tears, and Keough accidentally sticks herself with a contaminated needle.When Ford provides an experimental serum that cures the original strain, Daniels realizes that his superiors knew about the virus before the outbreak. Daniels learns about Operation Clean Sweep, a military plan to contain the virus by bombing Cedar Creek, incinerating the entire town and its residents, ostensibly to prevent Motaba's expansion to pandemic proportions. However, McClintock, now a major general, wants to conceal the mutated virus's existence, and preserve the original strain as a biological weapon.To prevent Daniels from finding a cure, McClintock orders him arrested for carrying the virus. Daniels escapes, and he and Salt fly a helicopter to the ship at sea that carried the monkey. Daniels obtains a photo of the monkey and releases it to the media; a mother in Palisades contacts the CDC upon realizing her young daughter has been playing with the monkey (which she named Betsy). Daniels and Salt arrive and Salt tranquilizes Betsy. Ford delays the bombing after Daniels informs him Betsy was captured.On their return flight, Daniels and Salt are pursued by McClintock in another helicopter. Salt fires two rockets into the trees, setting them afire to simulate a crash. Back in Cedar Creek, Salt mixes Betsy's antibodies with Ford's serum to create an antiserum; although Schuler has died, they save Keough. McClintock returns to base and resumes Operation Clean Sweep, refusing to listen to Ford. Daniels and Salt fly their helicopter directly into the bomber's path to its target.With Ford's help, Daniels persuades the bomber's flight crew to detonate the thermobaric bomb over water and spare the town. Before McClintock can order another bombing, Ford relieves him of command and orders his arrest. Daniels and Keough reconcile as Cedar Creek's residents are cured.
55	Professional, The (1994)	Crime, Drama, Romance, Thriller	Léon is an Italian-American hitman (or "cleaner", as he refers to himself) working for a mafioso named "Old Tony" in the Little Italy neighborhood of New York City. One day, Léon meets Mathilda Lando, a lonely twelve-year-old who lives with her dysfunctional family in an apartment down the hall from Léon and has stopped attending class at her school for troubled girls.Mathilda's abusive father attracts the ire of corrupt DEA agents, who have been paying him to stash cocaine in his apartment. After they discover that he has been stealing from their stash, DEA agents invade the apartment, led by their drug-addicted boss, Norman Stansfield. During their search for the missing drugs, Stansfield murders Mathilda's family while she is out shopping for groceries. When she returns, Mathilda realizes what has happened just in time to continue down the hall to Léon's apartment; he hesitantly gives her shelter.Mathilda quickly discovers that Léon is a hitman. She begs him to take care of her and to teach her his skills, as she wants to avenge the murder of her four-year-old brother. At first, Léon is unsettled by her presence and considers killing her in her sleep, but he eventually trains Mathilda and shows her how to use various weapons. In exchange, she runs his errands, cleans his apartment, and teaches him how to read. Mathilda looks up to Léon and quickly develops a crush on him, often telling him she loves him, but he does not reciprocate.When Léon is out on a job, Mathilda fills a bag with guns from Léon's collection and sets out to kill Stansfield. She bluffs her way into the DEA office by posing as a delivery girl and is ambushed by Stansfield in a bathroom. One of his men arrives and informs him that Léon killed Malky, one of the corrupt DEA agents, in Chinatown that morning. Léon, after discovering her plan in a note left for him, rescues Mathilda, killing two more of Stansfield's men in the process. An enraged Stansfield confronts Tony, who is roughed up and forced to disclose Léon's whereabouts.Léon tells Mathilda about how he became a hitman. When Léon was nineteen in Italy, he fell in love with a girl from a wealthy family, but Léon's family was poor. The two made plans to elope, but when the girl's father discovered them, he killed her out of anger. Léon killed the father in revenge and fled to New York, where he met Tony and trained to become a hitman.Later, while Mathilda returns home from grocery shopping, an NYPD ESU team sent by Stansfield captures her and infiltrates Léon's apartment. Léon ambushes the ESU team and rescues Mathilda. Léon creates a quick escape for Mathilda by smashing a hole in an air shaft. He tells her that he loves her and to meet him at Tony's place in an hour, moments before the ESU team fires a grenade into the apartment, wounding Léon and creating chaos. He manages to disguise himself as a wounded ESU officer and sneaks down through the staircase. He goes unnoticed by everyone except Stansfield, who follows him and shoots him in the back. As Léon dies, he presses a grenade pin in Stansfield's palm, saying that it is from Mathilda. Stansfield opens Léon's vest to find a cluster of grenades, which detonate, killing Stansfield.Mathilda goes to Tony and tries to convince him to hire her, but Tony flatly refuses to employ a twelve-year-old and tells Mathilda that he is holding Léon's money for her. Tony gives Mathilda $100 and dismisses her back to school, where the headmistress re-admits her after Mathilda reveals what has happened. Mathilda walks onto a field near the school to plant Léon's houseplant, as she had told Léon, to "give it roots".
56	Pulp Fiction (1994)	Crime, Drama	Pulp Fiction is a 1994 American independent crime film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino from a story he conceived with Roger Avary. It tells four intertwining tales of crime and violence in Los Angeles. The film stars John Travolta, Samuel L. Jackson, Bruce Willis, Tim Roth, Ving Rhames, and Uma Thurman. The title refers to the pulp magazines and hardboiled crime novels popular during the mid-20th century, known for their graphic violence and punchy dialogue. Tarantino wrote Pulp Fiction in 1992 and 1993, incorporating scenes that Avary originally wrote for True Romance (1993). Its plot occurs out of chronological order. The film is also self-referential from its opening moments, beginning with a title card that gives two dictionary definitions of "pulp". Considerable screen time is devoted to monologues and casual conversations with eclectic dialogue revealing each character's perspectives on several subjects, and the film features an ironic combination of humor and strong violence. TriStar Pictures reportedly turned down the script as "too demented". Miramax Films co-chairman Harvey Weinstein was enthralled, however, and the film became the first that Miramax Films fully financed. Pulp Fiction won the Palme d'Or at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival and was a major critical and commercial success. It was nominated for seven awards at the 67th Academy Awards, including Best Picture, and won Best Original Screenplay; Travolta, Jackson, and Thurman were nominated for Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor, and Best Supporting Actress respectively. As a result of the film's success, Travolta's career was reinvigorated. The film's development, marketing, distribution, and profitability had a sweeping effect on independent cinema. Pulp Fiction is widely regarded as Tarantino's magnum opus, with particular praise for its screenwriting. The self-reflexivity, unconventional structure, and extensive homage and pastiche have led critics to describe it as a touchstone of postmodern film. It is often considered a cultural watershed, influencing films and other media that adopted elements of its style. The cast was also widely praised, with Travolta, Thurman, and Jackson earning high acclaim. In 2008, Entertainment Weekly named it the best film since 1983 and it has appeared on many critics' lists of the greatest films ever made. In 2013, Pulp Fiction was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
57	Priest (1994)	Drama	Father Greg Pilkington, newly assigned to St Mary's parish in inner-city Liverpool, is startled to discover Father Matthew Thomas is engaged in a sexual relationship with rectory housekeeper Maria Kerrigan. Moreover, Father Thomas is a left-wing radical and an outspoken proponent of Liberation Theology, leading him to constant clashes and bickering with the Bishop—who nevertheless appreciates his abilities.While the young protagonist's personal traditional conservatism and religious beliefs are offended by the older priest's blatant disregard for his vow of celibacy, he struggles with his homosexual urges, especially after he meets a man named Graham at a local gay hangout and the two embark on a physical relationship.Meanwhile, student Lisa Unsworth has confided she is being sexually abused by her father, who confirms her story and displays no guilt nor any desire to stop. Both have revealed their secret in the confessional, however, so Father Greg is required to honour the sanctity of the Sacrament of Penance and not reveal what he has been told. He tries to warn her mother to keep a close watch on her, but the naive woman believes her daughter is safe while in the care of her husband.When Mrs. Unsworth discovers her husband molesting Lisa and realises the priest knew what was happening, she lashes out at him. Adding to his torment is his arrest for having sex with Graham in a parked car. He pleads guilty to the charge, and the fact that he is a Catholic priest makes for a sensational news item. The story is headlined on the front page of the local newspaper and, unable to face his parishioners, Father Greg relocates to a remote rural parish headed by a disapproving and unforgiving priest. Father Matthew persuades him to return to St Mary's, and the two preside over a Mass that is disrupted by the loud protests of people opposed to Father Greg's presence at the altar. Father Matthew demands they leave the church. The two priests then begin to distribute the Eucharist, but the remaining parishioners ignore Father Greg and line up to receive communion from Father Matthew. Lisa finally approaches the younger priest, and the two fall into each other's arms, sobbing.
58	Quiz Show (1994)	Drama	In 1958, the questions and answers to be used for the latest broadcast of NBC's popular quiz show Twenty-One are transported from a secure bank vault to the studio. The evening's main attraction is Queens resident Herb Stempel, the reigning champion, who correctly answers every single question he is asked. Eventually, both the network and the program's corporate sponsor, the supplementary tonic Geritol, begin to fear that Stempel's approval ratings are beginning to level out, and decide that the show would benefit from new talent.Producers Dan Enright and Albert Freedman are surprised when Columbia University instructor Charles Van Doren, son of a prominent literary family, visits their office to audition for a different, less difficult show by the same producers, Tic-Tac-Dough. Realizing that they have found an ideal challenger for Stempel, they offer to ask the same questions during the show which Van Doren correctly answered during his audition. He refuses, but when he nears a game-winning 21 points on the show, he is asked one of the questions from his audition. After a moment of moral indecision, he gives the correct answer. Stempel deliberately misses an easy question and loses, having been promised a future in television if he does so.In the subsequent weeks, Van Doren's winning streak makes him a national celebrity, but he reluctantly buckles under the pressure and allows Enright and Freedman to start giving him the answers. Meanwhile, Stempel, having lost his prize money to an unscrupulous bookie, begins threatening legal action against NBC after weeks pass without his return to television. He visits New York County District Attorney Frank Hogan, who convenes a grand jury to look into his allegations.Richard Goodwin, a young Congressional lawyer, learns that the grand jury findings have been sealed and travels to New York City to investigate rumors of rigged quiz shows. Visiting a number of contestants, including Stempel and Van Doren, he begins to suspect that Twenty-One is a fixed operation. Stempel's volatile personality damages his credibility, and nobody else seems willing to confirm that the show is fixed. Fearing Goodwin will give up the investigation, Stempel confesses that he was fed the correct answers during his run on the show, and insists that Van Doren must have been involved as well. Another former contestant gives Goodwin a set of answers that he mailed to himself two days before his quiz show appearance, which Goodwin takes to be corroborating evidence.A guilt-ridden Van Doren deliberately loses, but NBC offers him a lucrative contract to appear as a special correspondent on the morning Today show. The House Committee for Legislative Oversight convenes a hearing, at which Goodwin presents his evidence of the quiz show's corruption. Stempel testifies at the hearing but fails to convince the committee, and both NBC network head Robert Kintner and Geritol executive Martin Rittenhome deny any knowledge of Twenty-One being rigged. Subpoenaed by Goodwin, Van Doren testifies before the committee and admits his role in the deception. After the hearing adjourns, he learns from reporters that he has been fired from Today and that Columbia's board of trustees will be asking for his resignation.Goodwin believes that he is close to a victory against Geritol and NBC, but realizes that Enright and Freedman will not jeopardize their own futures in television by turning against their bosses. He silently watches the producers' testimony, vindicating the sponsors and the network from any wrongdoing, and taking full responsibility for rigging the show. Disgusted, he steps outside and sees Van Doren, who exchanges a glance with him before getting into a taxi.
59	Three Colors: Red (1994)	Drama	Valentine Dussaut is a student at the University of Geneva who works part-time as a model. She often contacts her possessive boyfriend Michel, who is currently in England. During a photo shoot for a chewing gum advertising campaign, the photographer instructs Valentine to look sad as she poses against a red background.While walking home one night, Auguste Bruner, Valentine's neighbour and a law student, drops his textbooks, one falling open to a particular chapter of the Criminal Code. While driving home that same night, Valentine accidentally runs over Rita, a pregnant Malinois dog. She tracks down the dog's owner, a reclusive retired judge named Joseph Kern. When he shows no concern, Valentine takes Rita to a veterinarian and decides to keep her. She selects her favourite photo at the studio, rebuffing the photographer's sexual advances. Valentine later receives a sum of money from an anonymous sender at her apartment.The next day, Valentine takes Rita for a walk, and the dog leads her back to Joseph's house. Joseph confirms that he sent the money for the veterinary expenses and tells Valentine to keep the dog. Inside his house, she catches him eavesdropping on a male neighbour's phone conversation with his male lover. She urges Joseph to respect his neighbour's privacy; he challenges her to reveal the eavesdropping to the neighbour. Valentine goes next door to do so, but leaves without denouncing Joseph after discovering the neighbour's daughter listening on the phone extension.Joseph tells Valentine that their actions will not affect the outcome of these people's lives. This reminds Valentine of her teenage brother, who discovered that he is not his father's biological son. Joseph plays Valentine a phone conversation between Auguste and his girlfriend Karin. From his window, Joseph and Valentine observe another male neighbour, whom Joseph suspects is a heroin dealer, which upsets Valentine. When Joseph correctly deduces that Valentine's brother is a heroin addict, she declares that she pities Joseph and leaves.That night, Joseph writes letters to his neighbours and the police confessing his spying activities, resulting in a class-action lawsuit. Meanwhile, Auguste passes his exam to become a judge, crediting his success to the dropped textbook. Auguste's first case as a judge is Joseph's trial. At court, Joseph sees Karin meeting another man. Joseph later reveals to Valentine that he turned himself in to see if she would come back. Valentine discusses her upcoming trip to England to visit Michel; Joseph suggests that she take the ferry. Joseph recounts a case where he wrongly acquitted a sailor. When Valentine asks about Joseph's love life, he evades the question and discusses a recent dream in which Valentine was happy.Unable to reach Karin by phone, Auguste climbs up to her flat and catches her having sex with another man. He takes his anger out on his dog by leaving it tied to a lamppost. Joseph calls Karin's personalised weather service to inquire about the weather for the English Channel next week, which she predicts will be clear. Karin plans to sail there soon with her new boyfriend, who owns a yacht.The day before Valentine leaves for England, she invites Joseph to her fashion show. Afterwards, Joseph elaborates on his dream with Valentine, in which she was 50 years old and happy with an unidentified man. He then reveals that the woman he loved died in an accident after he followed her across the English Channel. His last case as a judge involved his ex-girlfriend's lover. Before parting ways, Joseph and Valentine plan to meet again in three weeks, when he will give her one of Rita's puppies.Valentine boards the ferry to England. Auguste also boards the ferry, reunited with his dog. The next morning, Joseph learns that a storm has hit the English Channel, causing both the ferry and the yacht with Karin and her boyfriend to sink. Watching the television coverage of the incident, it is revealed that only seven survivors were rescued: a barman, Julie and Olivier (from Blue), Karol and Dominique (from White), Auguste (without his dog), and Valentine. Upon seeing the news, Joseph is relieved.
60	Three Colors: Blue (1993)	Drama	Julie, the wife of famous French composer Patrice de Courcy, loses her husband and five-year-old daughter in an automobile accident but survives herself. While recovering in the hospital, Julie attempts suicide by taking an overdose of pills but is unable to swallow them. After being released from the hospital, Julie, who is thought to have helped write much of her husband's famous pieces, destroys what remains of his work. She contacts Olivier, a collaborator of her husband's who has always admired her, and sleeps with him before bidding him farewell. She empties the family home and puts it up for sale, moving into an apartment in Paris near Rue Mouffetard without informing anyone. Her only memento is a mobile of blue beads that is hinted to have belonged to her daughter.Julie dissociates herself from her past life and distances herself from former friendships. She is no longer recognized by her mother, who suffers from Alzheimer's. She reclaims and destroys the unfinished score for her late husband's last commissioned work, a piece celebrating European unity following the end of the Cold War. Excerpts of its music, however, continuously haunt her.Despite her desire to live anonymously and alone, Julie is soon confronted by her past. A boy who witnessed the accident gives her a cross necklace found at the scene and asks her about her husband's last words, which turned out to be the punchline of an indelicate joke the husband was telling the family. Julie allows the boy to keep the necklace. She also reluctantly befriends Lucille, an exotic dancer who is having an affair with one of her neighbors and is despised by most residents of the apartment building. The two women provide emotional support for each other. While comforting Lucille at the Pigalle club where she works, Julie sees Olivier being interviewed on television, revealing that he kept a copy of the European piece and plans to finish it himself. Julie then sees a picture of Patrice with another woman.Julie confronts Olivier about the European piece and asks him about the woman seen with Patrice. She tracks down Sandrine, a lawyer and Patrice's mistress, and discovers that she is pregnant with his child. Julie arranges for Sandrine to have the family home, not yet sold, and eventual recognition of his paternity for the child. Julie then returns to working on the piece with Olivier and finishes the final part. She calls Olivier, who refuses to take the piece as his own unless Julie is credited as well, to which Julie agrees. Julie then calls Olivier again and asks him if he still loves her; he says yes, and Julie proceeds to meet him.Part of the completed Unity of Europe piece is played, which features a chorus and a solo soprano singing in Greek; the lyrics praise the divine love in Saint Paul's first letter to the Corinthians. Images are seen of all the people Julie's actions have affected. Julie cries before she begins to smile gradually.
61	Three Colors: White (1994)	Drama	At a Paris divorce court, Polish barber Karol Karol is pleading with the judge. Karol, through an interpreter, is made to understand that his wife Dominique does not love him as he was unable to consummate the marriage. The divorce is granted, and Dominique hands Karol a suitcase with his possessions before driving off. Karol loses access to his bank account, his passport, and ownership of a salon he and Dominique owned jointly. Karol breaks into the salon to sleep, but is discovered by Dominique the next morning. The two initiate sex, but he again suffers impotence. Dominique declares that she no longer loves him. She then sets the salon drapes on fire and frames him for arson, forcing Karol to flee and become a beggar.While performing songs using a comb in a Paris Métro station, Karol meets fellow Pole Mikołaj. While Karol has lost his wife and his property, Mikołaj is married and successful; he offers Karol a job—he must kill someone who wants to die but does not have enough courage to do it himself. Karol declines and proceeds to show Dominique to Mikołaj from outside her window, but he sees the shadow of her with another man. Karol runs and calls her from a telephone booth at the station, only for Dominique to make him listen to her having sex, causing him to break down. Mikołaj helps Karol return to Poland hidden in the suitcase, which is later stolen by employees at the airport. After discovering how poor he is, the airport employees beat him up and leave him in a Polish countryside dump. Karol reaches Warsaw and finds his brother Jurek.Karol soon returns to work at Jurek's hair salon and later takes on another job as a bodyguard in a cash exchange office. Using his position as a bodyguard, Karol spies on his bosses and discovers their scheme to purchase pieces of land that they know will be targeted by major companies for development and resell for large profits. Karol beats them to it and informs his former bosses that if they kill him, all his estate will go to the church, forcing them to purchase the land from him instead. Karol then tracks down Mikołaj and asks for the job he offered to him previously. Mikołaj meets Karol in a Warsaw Metro tunnel for the execution of the "suicide". Mikołaj turns out to be the intended victim and asks Karol to kill him. Karol first shoots a blank into Mikołaj's chest and asks if he really wants to go through with it, as the next bullet is real. Mikołaj changes his mind and thanks Karol for helping him feel alive again. He pays Karol the money anyway, saying that he earned it.Karol later goes into business with Mikołaj. Karol becomes ambitious, earning a fortune while improving his French and brooding over Dominique's abandonment. One night, after waking up from a dream about Dominique, Karol calls her, but she hangs up. He devises a scheme to exact revenge on her. He gives Dominique the majority of his fortune in his will, then, with the help of Mikoľaj and Jurek as well as his financial influences, fakes his own death and prepares to frame her for it. On the day of his "burial", Karol sees Dominique mourning from afar. He later surprises her in her hotel room, apparently reconciling with her before they have sex. In the morning, Karol leaves before Dominique wakes up. She is then awakened by the local police, who arrest her on the suspicion that she murdered Karol to obtain his money.Karol later visits a prison complex and sees Dominique through her cell window with binoculars. She uses sign language to tell Karol that she wants to marry him again, which brings him to tears.
62	Stargate (1994)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi	In 1928 at Giza, Egypt, archaeologist Professor Paul Langford, accompanied by his daughter Catherine, unearths cover stones engraved with Egyptian hieroglyphs and other markings. Beneath he discovers a large metallic ring of unknown purpose.In 1994, the now-elderly Catherine invites Egyptologist and linguist Daniel Jackson, Ph.D. to translate the hieroglyphs. The stones, located underground at a military installation in Colorado, are now part of a classified U.S. Air Force project overseen by Special Operations Colonel Jack O'Neil. Jackson determines that the hieroglyphs refer to a "stargate" which uses star constellations as spatial coordinates. He is then shown the Stargate, the ring device from Giza. They use his coordinates to align the Stargate's rotating inner track with V-shaped markings (or "chevrons") along its outside. When all seven chevrons are locked in, a wormhole opens, connecting the Stargate with a distant planet. Jackson joins O'Neil and his team (Reilly, Porro, Freeman, Brown, Ferretti, and Kawalsky) as they pass through the wormhole.They emerge inside a pyramid on the arid desert planet of Abydos. Jackson attempts to locate the symbols required for the return journey through the Stargate but fails. O'Neil orders Kawalsky to set up camp. Jackson sees a mastadge, a large animal with a harness, which drags him off when he approaches it to investigate. O'Neil, Kawalsky and Brown follow and they discover a tribe of humans working to mine a strange mineral, which Brown identifies as the same material the Stargate is made of. O'Neil radios the others to secure basecamp. Following them back to their city, Jackson realizes that the people speak a variant of Ancient Egyptian and is able to communicate with them. He learns that the tribe sees him and his comrades as emissaries of their god Ra due to an amulet given to him by Catherine. The tribe's chieftain Kasuf presents Jackson with his daughter Sha'uri as a gift, and although Jackson initially refuses her, he later becomes romantically attached to her. O'Neil befriends Kasuf's teenaged son Skaara and his friends. That night, Ra's ship lands atop the pyramid structure, and his soldiers capture Ferretti and Freeman while killing Porro and Reilly.Through hidden markings and discussions with the tribe, Jackson learns that Ra is an alien being who came to Earth during the Ancient Egyptian period to possess human bodies to extend his own life. Ra enslaved these humans and used the Stargate to bring some of them to Abydos to mine the mineral that is used in the alien technology. Humans on Earth revolted, overthrew Ra's overseers, and buried the Stargate to prevent its use. During this investigation, Jackson comes across a cartouche containing six of the seven symbols needed to configure the Stargate for the return to Earth, but the seventh has been broken off and has worn away.When Jackson, O'Neil, Brown, and Kawalsky return to the pyramid, there is a firefight against Ra's soldiers. Brown is killed and Kawalsky is injured. Jackson and O'Neil are captured and brought before Ra and his guards, who are revealed to be humanoids when they retract their armored head-pieces. A firefight ensues and Jackson is killed; O'Neil is incapacitated and is incarcerated with the others. Ra places Jackson's body in a sarcophagus-like device that regenerates him. Ra then shows Jackson a nuclear bomb  which O'Neil had secretly brought with him. Perceiving their arrival as an act of war, Ra declares his intentions to send the bomb back through the Stargate to Earth, along with a shipment of the mineral, which will increase its explosive power a hundred fold—essentially creating a world-ending event. Ra then orders the human tribe to watch as he prepares to force Jackson to execute the others to demonstrate his power, but Skaara and his friends create a diversion that allows Jackson, O'Neil, Kawalsky, and Ferretti to escape, while Freeman is killed. They flee to nearby caves to hide from Ra. Skaara and his friends celebrate, and Skaara draws a sign of victory on a wall, which Jackson recognizes as the final Stargate symbol needed for the return to Earth.O'Neil and his remaining men aid Skaara in overthrowing the remaining overseers and then launch an attack on Ra, who sends out fighter ships to strafe the humans while he orders his ship to depart. The humans outside run out of ammunition and are forced to surrender to the fighter ships' pilots, but the rest of the tribe, seeing that their false gods are really humanoid, rebel against the guards and overthrow them. Sha'uri is killed, but Jackson takes her body and sneaks aboard Ra's ship using a teleportation system, leaving O'Neil to fight Ra's guard captain, Anubis. Jackson places Sha'uri in the regeneration device, and she recovers, but Ra discovers them and attempts to kill Jackson. O'Neil activates the teleportation system, killing Anubis and allowing Jackson and Sha'uri to escape the ship. O'Neil and Jackson teleport the bomb to Ra's ship, destroying the ship and killing Ra. With the humans freed, the remaining team—O'Neil, Kawalsky, and Ferretti—return to Earth while Jackson chooses to stay behind with Sha'uri and the others.
63	Santa Clause, The (1994)	Children's, Comedy	37-year-old Scott Calvin is a marketing director for a toy company in Lakeside, Illinois, who prepares to spend Christmas Eve with his 6-year-old son Charlie. Scott wants Charlie to maintain his belief in Santa Claus, despite not believing himself. Scott's ex-wife Laura and her psychiatrist husband Dr. Neal Miller stopped believing in Santa at a young age and feel it is time for Charlie to do the same.Following an evening at Denny's (after Scott accidentally burned the dinner at home), Scott and Charlie are awakened that night by a noise on the roof. While investigating, Scott startles Santa Claus, who falls off the roof. Santa's body vanishes, leaving behind a red suit and business card stating that if anything were to happen to him, someone should put on the suit and the reindeer will know what to do. Scott and Charlie find Santa’s sleigh and reindeer on the roof. At Charlie's request, Scott reluctantly dons the suit and spends the rest of the night delivering gifts before the reindeer take them to the North Pole.It turns out that, by putting on the suit, Scott is subject to a legal technicality known as "the Santa Clause," and has accepted all of the late Santa's duties and responsibilities. The head elf, Bernard, gives Scott 11 months to get his affairs in order before reporting back to the North Pole on Thanksgiving. Overwhelmed, Scott changes into pajamas provided to him and falls asleep. The next morning, Scott awakes in his own bed and believes the previous events were a dream, but realizes he is still wearing the pajamas given to him. Charlie is proud that his father is the new Santa Claus, and this arouses concern in Laura, Neal, and the school staff. Scott, not wanting to destroy Charlie's newfound enthusiasm, asks him to keep their North Pole trip a secret.Over the next year, Scott undergoes a drastic change; he gains a large amount of weight and develops an increased fondness for sweets, particularly milk and cookies. He also develops a white beard that instantly regrows after shaving, and his hair turns white in spite of attempts to dye it. During a meeting with his company, Scott is angered at a proposal to advertise a toy military tank by showing Santa riding it. Scott also begins to recount 'naughty' and 'nice' children by name when he sees them. After Laura and Neal witness children wanting to sit on Scott's lap at Charlie's soccer game, they convince a judge that he is a danger to Charlie's welfare and have his visitation rights suspended.On Thanksgiving, a devastated Scott goes to Laura and Neal's house to see Charlie one last time. Charlie, desperate to help Scott realize how important he is to the children of the world, shows him a magical snow globe (a gift from Bernard), convincing Scott that he really is Santa. When Laura and Neal allow Scott a minute to talk to Charlie alone, Bernard arrives and takes them both to the North Pole. Thinking Scott has kidnapped Charlie, Laura and Neal call the police.On Christmas Eve, Scott sets out to deliver gifts with Charlie in tow. Upon arriving at Laura and Neal's home, Scott is arrested while Charlie waits for him in the sleigh. The elves eventually break him out of jail. Scott returns Charlie to his house and insists he spend Christmas with Laura and Neal. His heartfelt speech to Charlie about the importance of everyone in the family convinces Laura and Neal that he is Santa. Laura burns the suspension papers and tells him he can visit anytime. Bernard assures Charlie that anytime he shakes his snow globe, his father will appear. Before leaving, Scott gives Laura and Neal the two presents that they never got as children, which caused their disbelief in Santa. His takeoff from the roof proves his identity to the police and various witnesses outside the house. After Scott leaves, Charlie summons him back with the snow globe, and Laura agrees to let them go together in the sleigh to finish delivering the presents.
64	Shawshank Redemption, The (1994)	Drama	In 1947, Portland, Maine, banker Andy Dufresne arrives at Shawshank State Prison to serve two consecutive life sentences for murdering his wife and her lover. He is befriended by Ellis Boyd "Red" Redding, a contraband smuggler serving a life sentence, who procures for him a rock hammer and a large poster of Rita Hayworth. Assigned to work in the prison laundry, Andy is frequently raped by "the Sisters" gang, led by Bogs Diamond.In 1949, Andy overhears the captain of the guards, Byron Hadley, complaining about being taxed on an inheritance and offers to help him shelter the money legally. After the Sisters beat Andy to near-death, Hadley cripples Bogs, who is subsequently transferred to a minimum security hospital; Andy is not attacked again. Warden Samuel Norton assigns Andy to the prison's decrepit library, ostensibly to assist elderly inmate Brooks Hatlen, but in reality, to utilize Andy's financial expertise in managing the warden's and other prison staff's finances. Andy also starts writing weekly letters to the state legislature, requesting funding to improve the library.Brooks is paroled in 1954 after serving 50 years, but cannot adjust to the outside world and eventually hangs himself. After years of Andy's ceaseless letters, the legislature sends a library donation that includes a recording of The Marriage of Figaro; Andy plays an excerpt over the public address system, experiencing a moment of personal freedom before he is punished with solitary confinement. After his release, Andy explains to a dismissive Red that hope is what gets him through his sentence. In 1963, Norton begins exploiting prison labor for public works, profiting by undercutting skilled labor costs and receiving bribes. Andy launders the money using the alias "Randall Stephens".In 1965, Andy and Red befriend Tommy Williams, a young inmate convicted of burglary. Andy helps Tommy pass his General Educational Development exam, and Tommy later reveals that his cellmate at another prison confessed to committing the murders for which Andy was convicted. When Andy informs Norton, the warden refuses to act. Although Andy promises to keep the money laundering a secret, Norton has Hadley kill Tommy under the guise of an escape attempt and sends Andy to solitary confinement. Norton then threatens to destroy the library, strip Andy of guard protection, and transfer him to harsher conditions if he refuses to continue with his scheme.A dishevelled Andy is released from solitary confinement after two months. He tells a skeptical Red that he dreams of living in Zihuatanejo, a town on the Mexican Pacific coast, where he can start anew. He asks Red to promise, once he is released, to travel to a specific hayfield near Buxton and recover a package that Andy buried there. Red worries that Andy is suicidal, especially after learning that he asked a fellow inmate for a rope. At the next day's roll call, the guards find Andy's cell empty. An irate Norton throws a rock at a poster of Raquel Welch hanging on the cell wall, revealing a tunnel that Andy had dug with his rock hammer over 19 years. The previous night, Andy escaped through the tunnel and prison sewage pipe, taking with him Norton's suit, shoes, and the ledger containing evidence of the money laundering and corruption at Shawshank. While guards search for him, Andy poses as Randall Stephens and withdraws over $370,000 of the laundered money from various banks, before mailing the ledger to a local newspaper. State police arrive at Shawshank and take Hadley into custody, while Norton commits suicide to avoid arrest.The following year, Red is paroled after serving 40 years, but struggles to adapt to life outside prison and fears that he never will. Remembering his promise to Andy, he visits Buxton and finds a cache containing money and a letter inviting him to come to Zihuatanejo. Red violates his parole by traveling to Mexico, admitting that he finally feels hope. He finds Andy on a beach, and the reunited friends happily embrace.
65	What's Eating Gilbert Grape (1993)	Comedy, Drama	In the small town of Endora, Iowa, Gilbert Grape is busy caring for Arnie, his mentally disabled younger brother who is about to turn 18, as they wait for the many tourists' trailers to pass through town during an annual Airstreamers' Club gathering at a nearby recreational area. His father had lost his business or money seventeen years earlier and committed suicide two years after. Since then, his mother, Bonnie, has spent most of her days on the couch watching television and eating. With Bonnie's obesity leaving her unable to care for her children on her own, Gilbert has taken responsibility for repairing the old house that his father built and being protective of Arnie, who has a habit of climbing the town's water tower, as well as trees, while his sisters, Amy and Ellen, do the other housework. Gilbert had an older brother named Larry who moved away some years ago. A new FoodLand supermarket has opened, threatening the small Lamson's Grocery where Gilbert works.Gilbert is having an affair with a married woman to whom he delivers groceries.  When her husband finds out, there's a horrible scene involving Gilbert, the man's children, and their wading pool.  The husband later dies from a heart attack and drowning in the wading pool.A young woman named Becky and her grandmother are stuck in town when the International Harvester Travelall pulling their trailer breaks down. Gilbert's unusual life circumstances threaten to get in the way of their budding romance. To spend time with Becky to watch the sunset, Gilbert leaves Arnie alone in the bath. He returns home late and finds Arnie still in the bath the following morning, shivering in the now-cold water; his guilt is compounded by his family's anger and Arnie's subsequent aquaphobia. Becky becomes close to both Gilbert and Arnie. While they are distracted during one of their talks, Arnie returns to the water tower that he is always trying to climb. Arnie is arrested after being rescued from the top of the tower, causing Bonnie — who has not left the house in more than seven years — to become the laughing stock of the town as she goes to the police station, forcing Arnie's release.Soon, Arnie ruins two birthday cakes: the first, when he runs into Amy and she drops the cake she has lovingly made; and the second, a replacement from FoodLand, which he dips his fingers in to, having found it in the refrigerator. Arnie tries to run away from his bath, and in his frustration, Gilbert finally snaps, hitting Arnie several times. Guilty and appalled at himself, Gilbert flees, driving away in his truck. Arnie also runs to Becky, who takes care of him for the evening, and helps him overcome his aquaphobia, until he is picked up by his sisters. After some soul-searching, aided by Becky, Gilbert returns home during Arnie's 18th birthday party to make amends to his family for running out, and to receive Arnie's reluctant forgiveness. He also apologizes to his mother for his behavior, and vows not to be ashamed of her or let her be hurt anymore. She acknowledges how much of a burden that she has become to the family, and he forgives her. Gilbert also introduces Bonnie to Becky, something he had been reluctant to do.Following the party, Bonnie climbs the stairs to her bedroom for the first time since her husband's suicide. Arnie tries to wake her, but discovers that she has died. With no way to remove her body from the second floor, the police make plans to return with a crane the next day. The family instinctively knows that there will be a crowd of people there to get a laugh, instead of paying their respects. Wanting to keep her death from becoming a mockery, the family removes the furniture and belongings from the house, and Gilbert sets the house ablaze with Bonnie still inside as a funeral pyre.A year later, Amy gets a job managing a bakery in the Des Moines area, while Ellen looks forward to switching schools and living in a bigger city. Gilbert waits by the side of the road with Arnie, whose 19th birthday is coming up, waiting for the tourist trailers to come again. As part of the convoy, Becky arrives with her grandmother and picks them both up. Gilbert tells Arnie, "We can go anywhere."
66	While You Were Sleeping (1995)	Comedy, Romance	Fare token collector Lucy Eleanor Moderatz works for the Chicago Transit Authority, stationed at the Randolph/Wabash station. She is secretly infatuated with commuter Peter Callaghan, though they are strangers. On Christmas Day, Lucy rescues Peter from the Chicago "L" train after muggers push him onto the tracks. She accompanies the comatose Peter to the hospital, where a nurse overhears her mumbling, "I was gonna marry him." Misinterpreting, she tells everyone that Lucy is his fiancée.As the family has not heard from Peter in a while, the engagement is a surprise. Lucy becomes too involved in the situation to reveal the truth. She remains silent due to embarrassment, loneliness, and the heart condition of Peter's grandmother Elsie. While visiting Peter, Lucy confesses her predicament to him, unaware that his godfather Saul overhears her. When he confronts her, she confesses that she feels alone, as her mother died when she was very young and her father died the year before. He keeps her secret, as the accident has brought the family closer and he knows that Lucy is not being malicious.Captivated by the quirky Callaghans and their unconditional love, Lucy spends a belated Christmas with them, where she meets Peter's younger brother Jack, who is supposed to take over his father's furniture business, though he wants to start his own business. Lucy and Jack start spending time together. Their relationship comes to a momentary standstill when Jack, due to a misunderstanding, announces her "pregnancy" during her friend's New Year's Eve party.Meanwhile, Peter's actual girlfriend Ashley accepts his proposal on his answering machine. She leaves follow-up messages about his non-responsiveness, saying that she is back in town and wants to see him.After New Year's Eve, Peter wakes up. He does not recognize Lucy, so the doctor deduces he has amnesia. Lucy attempts to tell the Callaghans the truth, but they presume that she is saying that she is not actually pregnant and brush it off. Saul intercepts Lucy, saying that he will explain the news to them. When Jack drives Lucy home, she thanks him for his kindness and friendship. He finally tells his father that he would rather make furniture than take over the business. He understands.Saul tells Peter that he is a putz for how he treats women and that Lucy is special. Lucy and Peter begin spending time together. Meanwhile, Ashley discovers from Peter's doorman that he is now engaged and in the hospital. Ashley confronts Peter, insisting that they are engaged, but he reminds her that they broke up after she rejected his proposal. He declares that he is a changed man and is marrying Lucy now.Lucy discovers that Saul never told the Callaghans anything and returns to the hospital to tell Peter herself. He mentions how much he cares for her, proposes "again" and she accepts, despite now being in love with Jack. When Jack visits Lucy the day before the wedding, she asks if he can give her a reason not to marry Peter. He disappoints her, saying that he cannot.On the day of the wedding, just as the ceremony begins, Lucy blurts out, "I object", and Jack agrees. She finally confesses everything, telling the family that she not only fell in love with all of them, but that she loves Jack. Ashley arrives and demands that the wedding be stopped. Ashley's husband also arrives, objecting. As everyone argues, Lucy slips out unnoticed.Some time later, while Lucy is at work, Jack places an engagement ring in her booth's token tray. He proposes to her in the booth, with most of the Callaghans watching. Lucy and Jack marry and then take a CTA train for their honeymoon. He fulfills her dream of going to Florence, Italy. Peter asks when she fell in love with Jack, and she replies, "It was while you were sleeping."
67	Ace Ventura: Pet Detective (1994)	Comedy	Ace Ventura, an eccentric and offbeat private detective in Miami, is known for rescuing tame or captive animals. Despite struggles with rent and constant mockery from the Miami Police Department, led by Lieutenant Lois Einhorn, Ventura is hired by Melissa Robinson, the Miami Dolphins' publicist, to find their kidnapped mascot, Bottlenose dolphin Snowflake, who was stolen just weeks before the upcoming Super Bowl.Investigating the kidnapping, Ventura finds a rare amber stone in Snowflake's tank, leading him to suspect billionaire Ronald Camp, a collector of exotic animals. However, after sneaking into Camp's party and facing a dangerous encounter with a shark, Ventura rules out Camp as the stone in his ring matches the one found but is not missing. Ventura then theorizes that the stone is from a 1984 AFC Championship ring, suggesting a member of the 1984 Dolphins as the culprit, but after investigating all the teammates, he finds all the rings are intact.Roger Podacter, the Dolphins' head of operations, dies mysteriously, and while the police believe it was suicide, Ventura proves it was actually murder. His investigation leads him to Ray Finkle, a disgraced former Dolphins placekicker who missed a potentially game-winning kick in the 1984 Super Bowl and subsequently blamed quarterback Dan Marino for incorrectly placing the ball prior to the kick. Ventura also learns that Finkle had been committed for homicidal tendencies shortly after the Dolphins released him following the Super Bowl loss. With Marino's subsequent kidnapping, Ventura suspects Finkle is seeking revenge.Disguised as a patient at a psychiatric facility, Ventura comes across a newspaper clipping with an article on Einhorn, described as a missing hiker. With help from the animals in his apartment, Ventura discovers that Einhorn is actually Finkle in a transgender disguise. On the day of the game, Ventura confronts Einhorn at a yacht storage facility, holding Marino and Snowflake hostage. In a dramatic revelation, Ventura exposes Einhorn as Finkle, and Podacter's killer, leading to his arrest after a physical altercation.The climax unfolds at the Super Bowl's halftime, where Marino and Snowflake are celebrated, and Ventura is hailed as a hero on the jumbotron. The event is capped off by Ventura's scuffle with the Philadelphia Eagles' mascot Swoop over a rare pigeon, earning him a standing ovation.
68	Crow, The (1994)	Action, Romance, Thriller	On Devil's Night, in a crime-ridden and decrepit Detroit, a young woman, Shelly Webster, is raped and critically wounded while her rock musician fiancé Eric Draven is shot and thrown to his death from the window of their loft apartment. Police Sergeant Albrecht comforts Sarah, a young girl the pair cared for due to her neglectful mother, and accompanies Shelly to the hospital, where she eventually dies from her injuries. A narration states the legend of a crow that carries souls to the land of the dead; if the person passed in tragic circumstances, the crow can resurrect their restless spirit to enact closure.One year later, Eric is resuscitated by a crow. Disoriented and distressed, Eric returns to his ravaged loft apartment and experiences flashbacks of the murders: A gang of men made up of Tin Tin, Funboy, T-Bird, and Skank targeted the pair because they were protesting forced evictions in their apartment building, which the gang's leader, ruthless crime boss Top Dollar, intended to seize. Realizing that any injuries he suffers are immediately healed, Eric dons black-and-white face paint and sets out to avenge himself and Shelly, guided by the crow.The crow leads Eric to Tin Tin, whom Eric stabs to death. He next travels to the pawn shop where Tin Tin had pawned Shelly's engagement ring. Eric recovers the ring and blows up the shop, but spares the owner, Gideon, so he can alert Top Dollar's men that Eric is coming for them. Albrecht begins investigating the apparent vigilante disturbances, while Eric finds Funboy taking drugs with Sarah's estranged drug addict mother, Darla. He gives Funboy a fatal overdose and purges the drugs from Darla's body, instructing her to get clean for Sarah.Eric visits Albrecht and confirms his suspicions regarding the vigilante's identity. Albrecht informs Eric that he stayed with Shelly until she died, witnessing the thirty hours of suffering she experienced. Eric touches Albrecht, absorbing the pain Shelly felt. Eric next targets T-Bird, killing him in an explosion. The following morning, Sarah and Darla reconcile and Sarah reunites with Eric at his apartment. That evening, Top Dollar holds a meeting with his associates to discuss his plans to burn the city to the ground on Devil's Night. Eric arrives for Skank but a gunfight erupts, ending with Eric throwing Skank from a window to his death and Albrecht assisting Eric in escaping from the pursuing police. Top Dollar, his lover and half-sister Myca, and his right-hand man Grange escape. Myca correctly hypothesizes that the crow is the source of Eric's immortality.Content with his vengeance, Eric gifts Shelly's engagement ring to Sarah and returns to his grave. Grange abducts Sarah as she is walking home and takes her to an abandoned church with Myca and Top Dollar, who takes Shelly's ring. Eric is alerted to her plight by the crow and rushes to rescue her, but he is ambushed by Grange who wounds the crow, rendering Eric vulnerable. Albrecht arrives and kills Grange, while Myca attempts to take the crow for its immortality; it claws her eyes out, causing her to fall to her death from the bell tower. Top Dollar retreats to the church roof with Sarah, where he fights and badly wounds Eric. Eric transfers Shelly's pain into Top Dollar, causing him to stumble off the roof and be fatally impaled on a gargoyle.Sarah and a wounded Albrecht are recovered from the church, while a pained Eric goes to Shelly's grave where her spirit arrives to comfort him and return his body to rest. Sometime later, Sarah visits the graves, where the crow gives her Shelly's ring.
69	Forrest Gump (1994)	Comedy, Romance, War	In 1981 a feather lands at a bus stop in Savannah, Georgia, where Forrest Gump recounts his life story to strangers on a bus bench.In 1950s Alabama, Forrest is fitted with leg braces to correct a curved spine. His mother runs a boarding house out of their home. Among their tenants is Elvis Presley, who incorporates Forrest's jerky dance movements into his performances. On his first day of school, Forrest befriends a girl named Jenny Curran.Forrest is bullied because of his physical disability and low intelligence. While fleeing from several bullies, his leg braces break off, revealing Forrest to be a very fast runner. This talent eventually allows him to receive a football scholarship at the University of Alabama in 1963, where he is coached by Bear Bryant, and witnesses Governor George Wallace's Stand in the Schoolhouse Door, during which he returns a dropped book to Vivian Malone Jones. Forrest becomes a top kick returner, is named to the All-American team, and meets President John F. Kennedy at the White House.After graduating college in 1966, Forrest is drafted into the U.S. Army where he befriends Benjamin Buford "Bubba" Blue, who convinces Forrest to go into the shrimping business with him after their service. They arrive in Vietnam in 1967 and serve with the 9th Infantry Division in the Mekong Delta. Their platoon is ambushed during a patrol, Bubba is killed in action, and Forrest saves several wounded platoon mates – including his lieutenant, Dan Taylor. Gump is awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroism by President Lyndon B. Johnson.At the anti-war March on the Pentagon rally, Forrest meets Abbie Hoffman and briefly reunites with Jenny, who has been living a hippie lifestyle. He also develops a talent for ping-pong, and becomes a sports celebrity as he competes against Chinese teams in ping-pong diplomacy, earning him an interview alongside John Lennon on The Dick Cavett Show, influencing the song "Imagine". He spends the 1971 New Year's Eve in New York City with Dan, who lost his legs in Vietnam and has become deeply embittered. Forrest meets President Richard Nixon, who grants him a room in the Watergate Hotel, where he unwittingly exposes the Watergate scandal.Discharged from the Army, Forrest returns to Alabama and endorses a ping-pong paddle manufacturer, using the earnings to buy a shrimping boat in Bayou La Batre, fulfilling his promise to Bubba. Dan joins Forrest in 1974, and their lack of success changes when their boat becomes the sole survivor of Hurricane Carmen. They create the Bubba Gump Shrimp Company, Dan reconciles himself to his disabilities, and finally thanks Forrest for saving his life. Forrest returns home to his mother as she dies of cancer. Dan invests in Apple Computer and the two become millionaires, but Forrest also shares their earnings with the community and Bubba's family.Jenny returns to stay with Forrest in 1976, recovering from years of child abuse, drugs, and prostitution. When Forrest proposes to her, she tells him she loves him and the two have sex, but she leaves the next morning. Heartbroken, Forrest spends the next three years in a relentless cross-country run.In 1981, Forrest reveals he's waiting at the bus stop because he received a letter from Jenny inviting him to visit. She introduces him to their son, Forrest Gump Jr. Jenny tells Forrest she is sick with an unknown incurable virus, and the three move back to Alabama. Jenny and Forrest marry, but she dies a year later. Forrest sends his son off on his first day of school as the feather from the movie's opening floats on the wind.
70	Four Weddings and a Funeral (1994)	Comedy, Romance	At the wedding of Angus and Laura in Somerset, the perpetually late best man Charles, his flatmate Scarlett, his aristocratic friend Fiona and her brother Tom, Gareth and his partner Matthew, and Charles's deaf brother David, all gather. All are unmarried. At the reception, Charles meets Carrie, an American woman working in England. They spend the night together. In the morning, Carrie, who is returning to the U.S., laments that they may have, "missed a great opportunity".Three months later, at the London wedding of Bernard and Lydia, Tom is the best man. At the reception, Charles runs into Carrie, who has returned to the UK. With Carrie is Hamish, her older, wealthy Scottish fiancé. Meanwhile, a pretty young woman, Serena, is attracted to David.During the reception, Charles is humiliated by several ex-girlfriends, including the distraught Henrietta, who claims Charles is a "serial monogamist" fearful of commitment. Charles retreats to an empty hotel suite and notices Carrie and Hamish departing by taxi, though Carrie returns to the reception shortly after; she and Charles spend a second night together.A month later, Charles receives an invitation to Carrie and Hamish's wedding. Charles runs into Carrie while searching for a wedding gift. He then helps Carrie choose a wedding dress. After, Charles awkwardly confesses he loves her, which Carrie gently rebuffs.A month later, Charles and his friends attend Carrie and Hamish's wedding. Scarlett meets Chester, a Texan, at the reception. Henrietta introduces her new boyfriend to Charles. Fiona, aware of Charles's unhappiness over Carrie, admits she loves him. Charles, though sympathetic, does not reciprocate her feelings. During Hamish's speech, Gareth suffers a fatal heart attack.At Gareth's funeral, Carrie and Charles share a brief moment, while Charles and Tom then ponder that, despite their clique's pride in being single, Gareth and Matthew were like a "married" couple. They wonder whether seeking "one true love" is futile.Ten months later, it is Charles and Henrietta's wedding. While seating guests, Tom meets his distant cousin, Deirdre, whom he has not seen since childhood; they are immediately smitten with each other. Scarlett and Chester are overjoyed to meet again.Carrie arrives and tells Charles that she and Hamish have separated following a difficult marriage. Charles has an emotional crisis inside the church's back room. After David and Matthew counsel him, Charles decides to proceed with the ceremony. When the vicar asks whether anyone has a reason why the couple should not marry, David uses sign language to say the groom has doubts and loves someone else. Charles confirms this, and a furious Henrietta punches him at the altar, knocking him out and ending the ceremony.Later at his flat, Charles and the group are discussing the fiasco when Carrie arrives to apologise for causing trouble. Charles again says he loves her and proposes a lifelong commitment without marriage, which Carrie accepts. As they kiss, a thunderbolt flashes across the sky.In an ending photo montage, Henrietta has married an Army officer; David married Serena; Scarlett has married Chester, the Texan; Tom married Deirdre; Matthew has found a new male partner; Fiona is shown with Prince Charles; and Charles and Carrie have had their first child.
71	Lion King, The (1994)	Animation, Children's, Musical	In the Pride Lands of Tanzania, a pride of lions rules over the kingdom from Pride Rock. King Mufasa and Queen Sarabi's newborn son, Simba, is presented to the gathered animals by Rafiki, the mandrill who serves as the kingdom's shaman and advisor. Mufasa's younger brother, Scar, covets the throne and plots to eliminate Mufasa and Simba so that he may become king.When Simba grows into a young cub, Mufasa shows him the Pride Lands and forbids him from exploring beyond its borders. Mufasa explains to Simba the responsibilities of kingship and the "circle of life," which connects all living things. Scar manipulates Simba into exploring an elephants' graveyard beyond the Pride Lands. There, Simba and his best friend, Nala, are chased by three spotted hyenas named Shenzi, Banzai, and Ed. Mufasa is alerted by his majordomo, the hornbill Zazu, and rescues the cubs. Though disappointed in Simba for disobeying him and endangering himself and Nala, Mufasa forgives him. He explains that the great kings of the past watch over them from the night sky, from which he will one day watch over Simba. Scar visits the hyenas and convinces them to help him kill Mufasa and Simba in exchange for hunting rights in the Pride Lands.Scar sets a trap for Simba and Mufasa. He lures Simba into a gorge and signals the hyenas to drive a large herd of wildebeest into a stampede to trample him. Scar alerts Mufasa, who saves Simba and tries to escape the gorge; he begs Scar for help, but Scar betrays him by throwing him into the stampede to his death. Scar then deceives Simba into believing that Mufasa's death was his fault and tells him to leave the kingdom and never return. He orders the hyenas to kill Simba, but Simba escapes. Unaware of Simba's survival, Scar tells the pride that the stampede killed both Mufasa and Simba, and steps forward as the new king, allowing the hyenas into the Pride Lands.Simba collapses in a desert but is rescued by two outcasts, a meerkat and a warthog named Timon and Pumbaa. Simba grows up with his two new friends in their oasis, living a carefree life under their motto "hakuna matata" ("no worries" in Swahili). Years later, an adult Simba rescues Timon and Pumbaa from a hungry lioness, who is revealed to be Nala. Simba and Nala fall in love, and she urges him to return home, telling him that the Pride Lands have become drought-stricken under Scar's reign. Still feeling guilty over Mufasa's death, Simba refuses and leaves angrily. He encounters Rafiki, who tells Simba that Mufasa’s spirit lives on in him. Simba is visited by the spirit of Mufasa in the night sky, who tells him that he must take his place as king. After Rafiki advises him to learn from the past instead of running from it, Simba decides to return to the Pride Lands.Aided by his friends, Simba sneaks past the hyenas at Pride Rock and confronts Scar, who shames Simba over his supposed role in Mufasa’s death. Scar then reveals to Simba that he killed Mufasa. Enraged, Simba retaliates and forces Scar to confess the truth to the pride. A battle ensues between Simba and his allies and the hyenas. Scar attempts to escape but is cornered by Simba at a ledge near the top of Pride Rock. Scar begs for mercy and attempts to deceive Simba by blaming his actions on the hyenas. Simba spares Scar's life but orders him to leave the Pride Lands forever. Scar refuses and attacks Simba. Following a brief battle, Simba throws Scar off the ledge. Scar survives the fall, but the hyenas, who overheard him betraying them, attack and maul him to death.With Scar and the hyenas gone, Simba takes his place as king, and Nala becomes his queen. With the Pride Lands restored, Rafiki presents Simba and Nala's newborn cub to the assembled animals, thus continuing the circle of life.
72	Mask, The (1994)	Comedy, Crime, Fantasy	In Edge City, insecure bank teller Stanley Ipkiss is frequently ridiculed by everyone except for his co-worker and best friend, Charlie Schumaker. Meanwhile, gangster Dorian Tyrell, whose boss Niko owns the Coco Bongo nightclub, plots to overthrow Niko. One day, Tyrell sends his dazzling singer-girlfriend, Tina Carlyle, into the bank to record its layout for an upcoming robbery. Stanley is attracted to Tina, and she seemingly reciprocates.After being turned away from Coco Bongo where Tina is performing, Stanley's unreliable loaner car breaks down on his way home, stranding him on the harbor bridge—there, while trying to rescue what he thinks is a person in the water, he instead discovers a wooden mask hidden beneath a pile of garbage. Upon returning to his apartment and donning the mask, he transforms into a green-faced trickster known as "The Mask", who can cartoonishly alter himself and his surroundings at will. With newfound confidence, Stanley indulges in a comical rampage through the city, humiliating several of his tormentors, including his temperamental landlady, Agnes Peenman, and the mechanics who gave him the faulty car. Meanwhile, Niko learns of Tyrell's plans and warns him to leave Edge City in one week or be killed.The following day, Stanley encounters Detective Lieutenant Mitch Kellaway and newspaper reporter Peggy Brandt, who are investigating the Mask's activity. To obtain the funds necessary to attend Tina's performance, Stanley dons the mask and raids the bank, inadvertently foiling Tyrell's robbery. At the Coco Bongo, Stanley dances exuberantly with Tina, whom he kisses. Tyrell soon confronts him for disrupting the theft, and Stanley flees, leaving behind a scrap of cloth from his suit, which reverts into a piece of his pajamas. After arresting Tyrell and his henchman, Kellaway finds the piece of fabric and suspects Stanley's involvement.Later, Stanley consults psychiatrist Arthur Neuman, who recently published a book called The Masks We Wear; he deduces that the mask may be a creation of Loki and its powers are only active at night. Neuman believes it is mythology, but he concludes that the Mask's personality is based on Stanley's repressed desires. That night, Stanley meets Tina at a local park as the Mask until they are interrupted by Kellaway, who attempts to capture him. Stanley flees with Peggy after he distracts the police with a mass performance of the titular song from Cuban Pete; Peggy then reluctantly betrays him to Tyrell for a $50,000 bounty. After Tyrell becomes a bulky and malevolent being when he dons the mask, he has his henchmen force Stanley to reveal the location of the stolen money before turning him in to the police along with a green rubber mask.When Tina visits Stanley at the station, he urges her to leave the city, but not before she thanks Stanley for showing her kindness and telling him that the mask was unnecessary. She attempts to flee, but Tyrell kidnaps and prepares her for the charity ball at the Coco Bongo, hosted by Niko and attended by the city's elite, including Mayor Mitchell Tilton. Upon arrival, the masked Tyrell murders Niko and prepares to destroy the club with a time bomb. Stanley's dog, Milo, helps his owner escape from his cell by retrieving the keys from the guard. Stanley sets out to stop Tyrell and takes Kellaway hostage to escape the police station.After locking Kellaway in his car, Stanley enters the club and enlists Charlie's help, but he is quickly discovered and captured. Tina tricks Tyrell into removing the mask, which is recovered and donned by Milo, who battles through Tyrell's henchmen as he and Stanley fight each other. Stanley retrieves the mask, uses its powers to dispose of the bomb seconds before it detonates and defeat Tyrell by sending him down the drain of the club's ornamental fountain; the police arrive and arrest Tyrell's henchmen. Kellaway tries arresting Stanley again, but Mayor Tilton intervenes, implicating Tyrell as the Mask and praising Stanley as a hero.The following day, Stanley, falsely exonerated and more secure, returns to the harbor bridge with Tina, Charlie and Milo. Tina discards the mask before she and Stanley kiss. Charlie tries to retrieve the mask, only for Milo to swim away with it.
73	Maverick (1994)	Action, Comedy, Western	In the American Old West, gambler Bret Maverick is on his way to a major five-card draw poker tournament being held on the paddle steamer Lauren Belle, intending to prove he is the best card player alive. Short $3,000 of the $25,000 tournament entry fee, Maverick travels to the town of Crystal River to collect on debts and accrue poker winnings. During one game, he encounters the ill-tempered gambler Angel and young con artist Annabelle Bransford. He wins a massive pot from Angel, but is forced to flee without his winnings.Maverick and Bransford share a stagecoach with Marshal Zane Cooper, and together the three set out of Crystal River. They narrowly escape a fatal plunge into a ravine after their elderly driver suddenly dies, and later aid a group of missionary settlers who have been robbed by bandits disguised as Indians. The settlers offer Maverick a percentage of the recovered money they desperately need to start their mission, while one spinster missionary suggests marriage to Cooper, but both men turn down the offers. The trio and the settlers are then cornered by a large band of real Indians whose leader, Joseph, is an old friend of Maverick's, but no one else in the group is aware of this. Maverick feigns sacrificing himself to allow the others to escape, then tries to collect the $1,000 that Joseph owes him. The two swindle a Russian archduke out of the needed amount with a scheme that "allows" him to hunt and kill an Indian (Maverick, in disguise).Still seething over his loss in the Crystal River game, Angel receives a telegram instructing him to stop Maverick. Angel and his men catch Maverick and try to hang him, leaving him bound on his horse surrounded by rattlesnakes, but he escapes after they have departed. Still $2,000 short, he makes his way to the Lauren Belle and finds Bransford, who is still $4,000 short herself. Spotting the archduke aboard, Maverick poses as a Bureau of Indian Affairs agent investigating the shooting of Indians for game, conning the archduke out of $6,000 to cover Bransford and his entry fees.Commodore Duvall welcomes the competitors to the tournament, with Cooper overseeing the security of the game and the $500,000 prize money, confiscating any weapons and watching for any cheaters, who will be summarily disqualified and thrown overboard if discovered. Maverick, Angel, Bransford, and Duvall advance to the winner-take-all final. Prior to this game, Maverick and Bransford have a tryst in his quarters. After Bransford leaves, Maverick finds he has been locked in the room to try to make him forfeit the game, but he manages to climb outside the steamer to reach the table on time. After Bransford has been eliminated, Maverick notices that the dealer is engaging in bottom dealing and has Angel give him the top card from the deck to prevent further cheating. All three men bet their remaining chips; Angel and Duvall reveal strong hands, but Maverick has received the one card he needs to complete a royal flush. Angel and his men draw their weapons, but Cooper and Maverick shoot first, killing them.During the closing ceremony, Cooper steals the prize money and escapes. Later that night, Cooper secretly meets with Duvall, revealing that the two had struck a deal to steal the money for themselves and that Angel was working for Duvall. As Duvall draws a gun and tries to break the deal, Maverick appears and takes back the money, having tracked them down. Some time later, Cooper corners Maverick while the latter is enjoying a hot bath; the two are revealed to be father and son. As both men relax in the baths, Bransford arrives, having discerned their relationship from their similar physiques and mannerisms. She takes the satchel containing the prize money and departs, after which Maverick reveals to Cooper that he had followed the latter's advice and hidden half of it in his boots. He muses that retrieving the remaining $250,000 will be "fun".
74	Faster Pussycat! Kill! Kill! (1965)	Action, Comedy, Drama	Three wild, uninhibited go-go dancers—Varla, Rosie, and Billie—dance at a club before racing their sports cars across the California desert. They play a high-speed game of chicken on the salt flats and encounter a young couple, Tommy and Linda, out to run a time trial. After breaking Tommy's neck in a fight, Varla kidnaps and drugs Linda.In a small desert town, they stop at a gas station where they see a wheelchair-using old man and his muscular, dim-witted son. The gas station attendant tells the women that the old man was disabled in a railway accident, "going nuts" as a result, and that he received a large settlement of money that is hidden somewhere around his decrepit house in the desert. Intrigued, Varla hatches a scheme to rob the old man, and the three women follow him back to the ranch, with their captive in tow.At the ranch, they encounter the old man, his younger son (whom they learn is known as "The Vegetable" due to his feeblemindedness) and his elder son, Kirk. The group all have lunch together, and Billie taunts Rosie when Varla leaves with Kirk, hoping to seduce him into revealing the location of the money. Linda subsequently escapes the drunken Billie and runs away into the desert. The old man and the younger son pursue in their truck. The younger son catches Linda and seems about to assault her, but he collapses in tears as Varla and Kirk arrive. Kirk finally acknowledges his father's lecherous nature and the old man's hold over his younger brother, and he vows to have his younger brother institutionalized. He tries to take the hysterical Linda into town in the truck, but the old man says that he has thrown away the keys, so Kirk and Linda set out across the desert on foot.Varla drives back to the house and tells Billie and Rosie that they should kill the men and the girl to cover up Linda's kidnapping and the murder of her boyfriend. Billie refuses, but as she walks away, Varla throws a knife into her back just as the old man and his younger son arrive. Rosie and Varla hit the old man with their car, killing him and knocking over his wheelchair to reveal the money hidden inside. Rosie is stabbed to death by the younger son while trying to retrieve the knife from Billie's body. Varla tries to ram him into a wall with her car, injuring him. She drives off in the truck and overtakes Kirk and Linda, chasing them into a gully. Varla and Kirk fight hand-to-hand. She gets the better of him until Linda hits her with the truck, and she dies. Kirk and Linda drive off together in the truck.
75	Brother Minister: The Assassination of Malcolm X (1994)	Documentary	Malcolm X, an African American Muslim minister and human rights activist who was a popular figure during the civil rights movement, was shot multiple times and died from his wounds in Manhattan, New York City, on February 21, 1965, at the age of 39 while preparing to address the Organization of Afro-American Unity at the Audubon Ballroom in the neighborhood of Washington Heights. Three members of the Nation of Islam—Muhammad Abdul Aziz, Khalil Islam, and Thomas Hagan—were charged, tried, and convicted of the murder and given indeterminate life sentences, but in November 2021, Aziz and Islam were exonerated. Speculation about the assassination and whether it was conceived or aided by leading or additional members of the Nation of Islam, or by law enforcement agencies, particularly the FBI and CIA, has persisted for decades after the shooting. The assassination was one of four major assassinations of the 1960s in the United States, coming less than two years after the assassination of John F. Kennedy in 1963, and three years before the assassinations of Martin Luther King Jr. and Robert F. Kennedy in 1968.
76	Carlito's Way (1993)	Crime, Drama	In 1975 New York City, after having served five years of a thirty-year prison sentence, career criminal Carlito Brigante is freed on a legal technicality that has been exploited by his close friend and lawyer Dave Kleinfeld. Carlito vows to end his unlawful activities but is persuaded to accompany his young cousin Guajiro to a drug deal at an illegal speakeasy. Guajiro's suppliers betray and kill him, forcing Carlito to shoot his way out. Carlito takes Guajiro's $30,000 from the botched deal and uses it to buy a stake in a nightclub that is owned by a gambling addict named Saso, intending to save $75,000 to retire to the Caribbean.Carlito declines several offers for a business partnership with a hot-headed young gangster from the Bronx named Benny Blanco. Carlito also rekindles his romance with his former girlfriend Gail, a ballet dancer who moonlights as a stripper. Dave develops a love interest with Benny's girlfriend Steffie, a waitress at the club. Benny's frustration with Carlito's rejections comes to a head, and he confronts Carlito at his table. Carlito publicly humiliates Benny, who reacts by manhandling Steffie. Fueled by his now-extensive use of alcohol and cocaine, Dave brazenly pulls out a gun and threatens to kill Benny, but Carlito intervenes. Despite being personally threatened by Benny, Carlito lets him go unharmed, a decision that alienates him from his friend and bodyguard Pachanga.Dave, who stole $1 million in a payoff from his client, Mafia boss Anthony "Tony T" Taglialucci, is coerced into providing his yacht to help Taglialucci break out of the Rikers Island prison barge. Dave begs for Carlito's assistance in the prison break, and Carlito reluctantly agrees. That night, Carlito, Dave and Taglialucci's son Frankie sail to a floating buoy outside of the barge where Taglialucci is waiting. As they pull Taglialucci aboard, Dave kills him and Frankie, then dumps their bodies in the East River, claiming that they would have killed him anyway. Knowing that mob retaliation is imminent, Carlito immediately severs his ties with Dave and decides to leave town with Gail. The next day, Dave is hospitalized after a mob hitman stabs him several times.The police apprehend Carlito and take him to the office of District Attorney Norwalk, where he learns that Dave has already agreed to perjure himself should Carlito be tried again. Despite being threatened with charges of being an accomplice to the Taglialucci murders, Carlito refuses to betray Dave. In the hospital, Carlito visits Dave, who confesses to selling him out. Having noticed a suspicious man dressed in a police uniform waiting in the lobby, Carlito secretly unloads Dave's revolver and leaves. The man is Taglialucci's other son Vinnie seeking vengeance for his brother and father. After sending away the officer who is guarding Dave, Vinnie enters Dave's room and shoots him dead.Carlito buys train tickets to Miami for himself and Gail, now pregnant with their child. When he visits his club to get the stashed money, he is met by a group of East Harlem Italian gangsters led by Vinnie. The Italians plan to kill Carlito, but he manages to slip out through a secret exit. The Italians pursue him through the city's subway system and into Grand Central Terminal, where they engage in a gunfight.Carlito kills all of his pursuers except Vinnie, whom the police shoot and kill. As Carlito runs to catch the train where Gail and Pachanga are waiting for him, Benny ambushes him and fatally shoots him several times with a silenced gun. Pachanga admits to Carlito that he is now working for Benny, but the latter shoots him as well. Carlito hands a tearful Gail the money and tells her to escape with their unborn child and start a new life. As he dies, Carlito stares at a billboard with a Caribbean beach and a picture of a woman. The billboard comes to life in his mind, and the woman, now Gail, starts dancing.
77	Firm, The (1993)	Drama, Thriller	Mitch McDeere, a top Harvard Law School graduate, accepts a lucrative offer from boutique law firm Bendini, Lambert & Locke in Memphis, Tennessee. After he and wife Abby relocate there, he prepares for the Tennessee bar exam. Senior partner Avery Tolar mentors Mitch on the firm's strict culture of loyalty, confidentiality, and high fees. Although the money and benefits, such as a new house, a Mercedes-Benz (W124 convertible/cabriolet), and paid-off student loans have swayed Mitch, Abby resents the firm's meddling in employees' personal lives.Mitch passes the bar exam and works grueling hours, straining his marriage. Under Avery's guidance, Mitch discovers the firm's primary work involves helping wealthy clients hide money in offshore shell corporations and other questionable tax-avoidance schemes. On a work trip to the Cayman Islands, Mitch overhears a client mentioning how the firm's Chicago associates "break legs". At the firm's Cayman condominium, he finds documents linked to four deceased associates. Meanwhile, the firm's security chief, Bill DeVasher, sends a prostitute to seduce Mitch and uses photos of the assignation to blackmail him into silence. Mitch hires private investigator Eddie Lomax, a former cell mate of Mitch's brother Ray, to investigate the associates' deaths, but Lomax is murdered by hitmen, witnessed by his secretary Tammy.FBI agents reveal to Mitch that BL&L's top client is the Morolto crime family of the Chicago Outfit, and most of the firm's lawyers are involved in a significant tax fraud and money laundering scheme. The deceased associates were killed when they tried to leave the firm. The FBI warns Mitch that his home is bugged and pressures him to provide evidence against the firm and the Moroltos. Mitch agrees to cooperate for $1.5 million and his brother Ray's release from prison. The FBI release Ray and transfer half the money to a Swiss account Mitch has set up. The FBI secretly intend to return Ray to jail after Mitch provides the incriminating files. Mitch has already confessed his one-night stand in the Caymans to Abby, who plans to leave him.Mitch finds a possible way to save his career after discovering the firm regularly overbills its clients. He realizes it is mail fraud, exposing them to RICO charges. He and Tammy copy the billing records but need additional files from the firm's Cayman condo. Avery changes his schedule, jeopardizing Mitch's plan, so Abby flies to the Caymans and seduces and drugs Avery to get the files. The firm's phone tap records Abby warning Tammy, leading DeVasher's hitmen to pursue them. After Abby copies the files, Avery tells her the firm set up the prostitute who seduced Mitch on the beach. He warns Abby to leave and is later killed by DeVasher's hitmen, staging his death as a bathtub drowning.Mitch's plans are compromised when a prison guard on the Moroltos' payroll tips off DeVasher about Ray's transfer to FBI custody, forcing him to flee. He is chased through downtown Memphis by DeVasher and his hitman, until the former mistakenly shoots the latter, after which Mitch confronts DeVasher and knocks him unconscious. He meets with the Moroltos, presenting himself as a loyal attorney who uncovered the illegal overbilling, and asks for permission to turn over their invoices to help the FBI prosecute the firm, but assures them that any information about their legal affairs remains safe under attorney–client privilege, implying everything will remain confidential as long as he is alive. The Moroltos reluctantly agree to guarantee Mitch's safety, after which he hands over the evidence and is able to continue his legal career. He and Abby reconcile.Mitch's decision to work with the Moroltos angers the FBI, but he reminds them that the evidence he has provided is enough to make a RICO case and ensure that the firm's senior members go to prison for a long time. The film ends with the McDeeres returning to Boston in their old car. Ray, now with Tammy, enjoys his new life in the Caymans with the money Mitch obtained for him.
78	Free Willy (1993)	Adventure, Children's, Drama	On the Pacific Northwest coastline, a pod of orcas is tracked down by whalers. An adolescent male orca is captured and separated from his family and sold to the Northwest Adventure Park.Months later, Jesse, an orphan abandoned by his estranged mother six years ago, fled from Cooperton with his fellow orphans and spends three days roaming Portland, begging for money and stealing food. To evade police in pursuit later that night, he and Perry break into the adventure park's observation area unaware that they triggered an alarm. While doing graffiti on the walls and its water tank, Jesse comes face to face with the orca before getting caught by the police. Dwight informs Jesse that his new foster parents, Glen and Annie Greenwood, would be happy to take him in. Jesse, who hopes to be reunited with his mother, begrudgingly goes to live with them in Astoria.To avoid being sent to juvenile hall if he flees again, Jesse is allowed to make up for his vandalism by cleaning and repainting the observation area. He forms a bond with the orca, named Willy, when he takes a liking to Jesse's harmonica playing. With probation ending, and his job almost up, Jesse sneaks out of the house to visit Willy and falls in the tank. He nearly drowns but Willy saves and brings him to the surface. Randolph and Rae, Willy's respective caretaker and trainer/veterinarian, notice that Jesse is the only human normally ill-tempered Willy responds to, and eventually, Jesse is offered a summer job. He also starts to warm up to the Greenwoods.Park owner Dial sees Jesse and Willy's talent in hopes of finally making money from the orca, who has thus far been a costly venture for him. On opening day, however, he refuses to perform due to being antagonized by children in the observation area. Jesse, unable to get him to do tricks while dealing with pressure from spectators except the Greenwoods and Dwight, tearfully storms off. Willy cracks the tank with his stress-induced rage, having had enough of the children's constant banging. Jesse plans to find his mother despite Dwight affirming that she does not want him. He sneaks out to stop by the tank to say goodbye to Willy. Before leaving, something responds to Willy's calling again. Jesse follows the responses and realizes Willy is communicating with his pod. The discovery is interrupted when park manager Wade and some colleagues sneak into the observation area to deliberately damage the spot where Willy smashed the tank so that the water will leak out.Randolph explains to Jesse that Dial plans to kill Willy and collect the million-dollar insurance. Jesse hatches a plan to return him to the ocean, with Randolph and Rae joining in. They use a forklift to transport Willy from tank to Glen's pickup truck Jesse and Randolph stole. Dial launches a search when he is informed by Wade about Willy. When the truck gets stuck in the mud on Old Forest Road, Jesse uses the truck's CB radio to call Glen and Annie for help. Both of them arrive and Glen is reluctant to assist but relents when Jesse pleads with him. After a brief stop at a car wash to wet Willy more, Glen drives the truck to Dawson's Marina, where Dial, Wade, and their men have assembled at the gates to halt them. Glen's truck smashes through the gate and backs Willy into the water.After a struggle with Dial's men and Wade, Willy manages to swim away, but two of Dial's whaling ships seal off the marina. Jesse runs toward the breakwater and encourages Willy to follow him and jump over. On the breakwater, Jesse recites a Haida prayer Randolph had taught him through the story of Natsilane, before giving Willy the signal to jump. Willy makes the jump over and lands in the ocean on the other side, free to return to his pod, while a dismayed Dial and Wade can only watch. Jesse thanks and hugs Glen and Annie as Willy calls out to him in the distance.
79	Fugitive, The (1993)	Action, Thriller	In Chicago, vascular surgeon Dr. Richard Kimble is arrested for the murder of his wife, Helen. Despite his claims of catching a man with a prosthetic arm in the act, the lack of forced entry into the house, Helen's misinterpreted police call for help, and a substantial life insurance policy all serve as evidence against Kimble, and he is sentenced to death.En route to prison, Kimble's fellow prisoners stage an escape attempt. In the chaos, the driver is shot dead and their bus crashes into the path of an oncoming train. Kimble risks his life to pull a wounded officer to safety before fleeing the resulting wreck. In response, relentless and uncompromising Deputy US Marshal Samuel Gerard and his staff arrive at the scene and launch a manhunt. Meanwhile, Kimble sneaks into a hospital to treat his injuries and disguises his appearance. The wounded officer is brought to the hospital and recognizes Kimble, who escapes in an ambulance. The marshals block Kimble's path, and he slips into a storm drain, pursued by Gerard. Kimble asserts his innocence, but Gerard responds that he does not care. Cornered at the end of a steep dam spillway, Kimble makes the dangerous jump into the waters below to escape.Driven to find his wife's killer, Kimble returns to Chicago and acquires some cash from his friend, Dr. Charles Nichols. Posing as a janitor, Kimble infiltrates the prosthetics department of Cook County Hospital to identify patients who required recent prosthetic adjustments. Afterwards, Kimble is asked to move a young patient on a gurney, but noticing he has been misdiagnosed, he changes the boy's file, saving his life. A doctor notices his interference and alerts security, forcing him to flee. Gerard investigates the incident, and deducing Kimble is searching for his "one-armed man", compiles a list of suspects.Gerard and Kimble encounter each other at Chicago City Hall, while approaching the same suspect, but Kimble loses him in the St. Patrick's Day parade crowds. Later, Kimble breaks into the home of another suspect, Fredrick Sykes. Recognizing Sykes as his wife's killer, he discovers evidence linking Sykes to his former colleague, Dr. Alec Lentz, and Devlin-MacGregor, a multibillion-dollar pharmaceutical company developing a drug called Provasic. Kimble had reviewed Provasic and discovered it causes liver damage, which should have prevented the drug being approved for sale. He calls Gerard from Sykes's home to lead him there. Suspicious at what he finds, Gerard puts Sykes under surveillance, but Sykes sneaks away. Kimble realizes that the Provasic-afflicted liver samples he sent to Lentz were tampered with, to hide the side effects. They were then approved in Lentz's name, on the same day that he died in suspicious circumstances. Kimble deduces that Nichols, Lentz's boss, was responsible. Aboard a train to the medical conference in the hotel where Nichols will unveil Provasic, Kimble is attacked by Sykes, who shoots dead an intervening police officer. Kimble subdues Sykes, then handcuffs him to the train. The police assume Kimble killed the officer, so order him shot on sight. At the conference, Kimble publicly confronts Nichols for killing Lentz and concealing Provasic's side effects for profit and a directorship at Devlin-MacGregor. The men fight through the hotel, across the roof, and into the laundry room, pursued by Gerard. Kimble accuses Nichols of sending Sykes to kill him for opposing Provasic, inadvertently resulting in Helen's murder, as Kimble was unexpectedly called to work. Gerard calls out to Kimble, asserting his belief in his innocence after finding evidence of Nichols's guilt. Nichols knocks out Gerard's colleague, takes his gun, and readies to shoot Gerard, but Kimble saves him by attacking Nichols with a pipe. Kimble surrenders, and Sykes and Nichols are arrested.  While reporters query the police over failings in the case, Kimble is escorted to Gerard's car, where he reminds him of his earlier claim that he did not care. Gerard wryly asks Kimble to keep it a secret that he does.
80	Hot Shots! Part Deux (1993)	Action, Comedy, War	One night, an American special forces team invades Saddam Hussein's palace and a nearby prison camp to rescue captured soldiers from Operation Desert Storm and to assassinate Saddam, but they find the Iraqis waiting for them, and the entire rescue team is captured. This failed operation turns out to be the latest in a series of rescue attempts which were foiled by the Iraqis, and consequently the advisors of President Benson suspect a mole in their own ranks. Colonel Denton Walters suggests that they recruit war hero Topper Harley for the next mission, but he has retired from the Navy and become a reclusive Buddhist in a small Thai village. Walters and Michelle Huddleston, CIA, arrive and try to tempt him out of retirement in order to rescue the imprisoned soldiers and the previous rescue parties.Topper initially refuses, but when yet another rescue mission (this one, in turn, led by Walters) fails, he agrees to lead a small group of soldiers into Ba'athist Iraq. He is joined by Williams, Rabinowitz, and Harbinger, the sole escapee of the prior rescue mission and whom Topper suspects to be the saboteur. They parachute into an Iraqi jungle close to the heavily guarded hostage camp and set off to meet their contact, who turns out to be Topper's ex-girlfriend, Ramada. She guides them to a fishing boat that she prepared for their transportation. As they move toward the camp, she and Topper reminisce, and she explains that she was married before she met him. When she was informed that her husband, Dexter, was still alive and a prisoner in Iraq, she volunteered to participate in his rescue, but was instructed to keep this strictly confidential, forcing her to break up with Topper just as they were preparing to elope; this ultimately inspired Topper's decision to retire from the Navy.Topper's team proceeds to the prison camp disguised as river fishermen, but a confrontation with an Iraqi patrol boat sets them back. When President Benson hears of the apparent demise of another mission, he decides to help the fight and joins additional forces in Iraq. However, Topper and his teammates have survived, and soon reach the Iraqi hostage camp. In the course of the operation, the alarm is raised and a gunfight ensues, during which Topper finds out that Harbinger is not the saboteur, but has merely become disillusioned in fighting, and manages to inspire him. After the prisoners are freed, Topper goes back to rescue Dexter, who is imprisoned in Saddam's palace.While the squad evacuates the hostages, Topper enters Saddam's palace and encounters him, who pulls out his machine pistol and commands Topper to surrender. He overpowers Saddam, and they engage in a sword fight. President Benson arrives and orders Topper to release Dexter while Benson and Saddam continue the duel. Benson defeats Saddam by spraying him with a fire extinguisher, upon which he and his dog freeze and crack into pieces, only to subsequently melt, combine, and reform as Saddam with his dog's head, fur, nose and ears. In the meantime, Topper manages to locate Dexter, but is forced to carry him out on his shoulders as the Iraqis have tied his shoelaces together.The squad heads back to the army helicopter, where Ramada, after an intense revelation involving unfounded jealousy, reveals and arrests Michelle as the saboteur who ruined the previous rescue attempts to assist the Iraqis. Dexter arrives with Topper and asks to take a picture of him and Ramada, but backs away too far and falls off a cliff. President Benson joins the escapees, and the evacuation team lifts off; Saddam is about to shoot them down when Topper and Ramada get rid of extra weight by pushing a piano out the open door, which crushes him. Reunited, Topper and Ramada kiss as they fly off into the sunset.
81	Hudsucker Proxy, The (1994)	Comedy, Romance	In December 1958, Norville Barnes, a business college graduate from Muncie, Indiana, arrives in New York City, looking for a job. He struggles due to lack of experience and becomes a mailroom clerk at Hudsucker Industries, a large corporation. Soon thereafter, the company's founder and president, Waring Hudsucker, unexpectedly commits suicide during a business meeting by jumping out of a top-floor window. Afterward, Sidney J. Mussburger, a ruthless member of the company's board of directors, knowing that Hudsucker Industries' bylaws call for Hudsucker's stock shares to be sold to the public, suggests a scheme to buy the controlling interest in the company by temporarily depressing the stock price by hiring a clearly incompetent president to run the business.In the mailroom, Norville is assigned to deliver a "Blue Letter" to Mussburger. The letter is a top-secret communication from Hudsucker, sent shortly before his death. However, Norville does not deliver the letter; instead, he pitches Mussburger an invention of his (indicated with no other explanation than a simple drawing of a circle and his cryptic explanation, "you know: for kids"). Believing Norville to be an idiot, Mussburger selects him as a proxy for Hudsucker. Across town, Amy Archer, a brassy Pulitzer Prize–winning reporter for the Manhattan Argus newspaper, is assigned to write a story about Norville and find out what kind of man he really is. She obtains a job at Hudsucker Industries as his personal secretary, pretending to be yet another desperate graduate from his alma mater in Muncie. One night, Amy searches the building for clues and meets Moses, who operates the tower's giant clock and knows "just about anything if it concerns Hudsucker". He tells her Mussburger's plot, and she takes the story back to her Chief, but he does not believe it.The other executives at Hudsucker Industries decide to produce Norville's invention in hopes that it will flop and further depress the company's stock. However, the invention is the hula-hoop, which initially fails in obscurity but then becomes an enormous success. Norville allows success to go to his head and becomes yet another uncaring tycoon. Amy, who had fallen for his naive charm, is infuriated over Norville's new attitude and leaves him. Buzz, the eager elevator operator, pitches a new invention: the bendy straw, which Buzz calls the "Buzz-sucker." Norville insults the idea and cruelly fires Buzz, ignoring his pleas that he needs the job. Meanwhile, Aloysius, a Hudsucker janitor, discovers Amy's true identity and informs Mussburger. Mussburger reveals Amy's secret identity to Norville and tells him he will be dismissed as president after the new year. Mussburger also convinces the board that Norville is insane and must be sent to the local psychiatric hospital.On New Year's Eve, Amy finds Norville drunk at a beatnik bar. She apologizes, but he storms out and is chased by an angry mob led by Buzz. Norville escapes to the top floor of the Hudsucker skyscraper and changes back into his mailroom uniform. He climbs out on the ledge, where Aloysius locks him out and watches as he slips and falls off the building at the stroke of midnight. While Norville plummets, Moses stops the building's giant clock, which freezes time. Waring Hudsucker appears to Norville as an angel and tells him to read the Blue Letter (still in Norville's uniform pocket) that was supposed to be delivered to Mussburger: it contains Hudsucker's instructions to transfer his shares to his immediate successor as president, rather than to the public. This would have been Mussburger, but, unaware of this, he proceeded with his scheme to elect Norville. Inside the building's giant clock, Moses fights Aloysius, defeating him. Norville descends safely to the ground. He and Amy reconcile. As 1959 progresses, Mussburger attempts suicide and is sent to an asylum, while Norville develops a new invention for kids: another enigmatic circle that ultimately turns out to be a frisbee.
82	Jurassic Park (1993)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi	Industrialist John Hammond has created Jurassic Park, a theme park of de-extincted dinosaurs, on the tropical island Isla Nublar, off the coast of Costa Rica. After a Velociraptor kills a dinosaur handler, the park's investors, represented by lawyer Donald Gennaro, threaten to pull funding unless experts certify the island's safety. Gennaro invites chaotician Ian Malcolm, and Hammond invites paleontologist Alan Grant and paleobotanist Ellie Sattler. Upon arrival, the group is shocked to see living Brachiosaurus and Parasaurolophus. At the park's visitor center, the group learns that the cloning was accomplished by extracting dinosaur DNA from prehistoric mosquitoes preserved in amber. DNA from frogs, among other animals, was used to fill in gaps in the dinosaurs' genome.To prevent breeding, the dinosaurs were made female by direct chromosome manipulation. The group witnesses the hatching of a baby Velociraptor and visits the raptor enclosure. During lunch, the group debates the ethics of cloning and the park's creation. Malcolm warns of the implications of genetic engineering while Grant and Sattler express uncertainty over the ability of humans and dinosaurs to coexist. Hammond's grandchildren, Lex and Tim, join the others for a park tour in two self-driving electric Ford Explorer tour vehicles, while Hammond oversees them from the control room. Most of the dinosaurs fail to appear, and the group encounters a sick Triceratops. The tour is cut short as a tropical storm approaches. The park employees leave for the mainland on a boat while the visitors return to their railed-electric tour vehicles, except Sattler, who stays behind with the park's veterinarian, Dr. Harding, to study the Triceratops.Jurassic Park's disgruntled lead computer programmer, Dennis Nedry, was previously bribed by Lewis Dodgson, a man working for Hammond's corporate rival, to steal frozen dinosaur embryos. He deactivates the park's security system to access the embryo storage room and stores them inside a container disguised as a Barbasol shaving cream can.Nedry's sabotage cuts power to the tour vehicles, stranding them as they near the park's Tyrannosaurus rex paddock. Most of the park's electric fences have also been deactivated, allowing the Tyrannosaurus to escape and attack the group. After the Tyrannosaurus overturns a tour vehicle, it injures Malcolm and devours Gennaro while Grant, Lex, and Tim escape. On his way to deliver the embryos to the island's docks, Nedry gets lost in the rain, crashes his Jeep Wrangler, and is killed by a venom-spitting Dilophosaurus. Sattler helps the game warden Robert Muldoon search for survivors; they find Malcolm just before the Tyrannosaurus returns and chases them away. Grant, Tim, and Lex take shelter in a treetop and encounter a Brachiosaurus herd. They discover the broken shells of dinosaur eggs the following morning. Grant concludes that the dinosaurs are breeding, which is possible because of amphibian DNA—animals like West African frogs can change their sex in a single-sex environment, enabling the dinosaurs to breed. The three later encounter a Gallimimus stampede being hunted by the Tyrannosaurus.Unable to decipher Nedry's code to reactivate the security system, Hammond and chief engineer Ray Arnold decide to reboot the park's systems. The group shuts down the park's power grid and retreats to an emergency bunker while Arnold heads to a maintenance shed to complete the rebooting process. When Arnold fails to return, Sattler and Muldoon head over, discovering the shutdown has released the Velociraptors. Muldoon distracts two of them while Sattler turns the power back on before being attacked by a third and discovering Arnold's severed arm. While she escapes, Muldoon is caught off-guard and killed by a Velociraptor.Grant, Tim, and Lex reach the visitor center. Grant heads out to look for Sattler, leaving Tim and Lex inside. The raptors appear and pursue Tim and Lex throughout a kitchen, but they escape, locking one in a freezer before joining Grant and Sattler. The group reaches the control room, and Lex restores the park's systems, allowing them to contact Hammond, who calls for help. As they try to leave, they are cornered by the two remaining raptors, but the Tyrannosaurus appears and kills the raptors while the group flees. Hammond arrives in a jeep with Malcolm, and they board a helicopter to leave the island. Grant and Hammond agree not to endorse the park.
83	Much Ado About Nothing (1993)	Comedy, Romance	Having just crushed an uprising by his half-brother Don John, Don Pedro of Aragon and his noblemen visit their friend Leonato in Messina. Accompanying Don Pedro is the witty Benedick, former acquaintance of Leonato's equally sharp-tongued niece, Beatrice. Also present are Benedick's friend Claudio, a young count; and Don John who, despite his rebellion, has apparently reconciled with his brother.Claudio has been thinking of Leonato's beautiful daughter Hero since before he went to war, and returns to find her as attractive as ever. Don Pedro, learning of his friend's feelings, decides to act on his behalf and arranges the match at a party. An unrepentant Don John attempts to foil it, but unsuccessfully – the match is made. Needing something to pass the time until the wedding, Don Pedro decides to arrange a similar fate for Beatrice and Benedick, who seemingly hate each other.Don Pedro, Leonato, and Claudio stage a conversation containing a false account of how much Beatrice loves Benedick, all the while knowing he is hiding within earshot. Hero and her gentlewomen Ursula and Margaret play the same trick upon Beatrice. Each of them believes the story they hear about the other.Amidst all the good-natured scheming, Don John has been searching for ways to stop the marriage between Claudio and Hero. The night before the wedding, Don John's servant Borachio arranges a steamy liaison with Hero's gentlewoman Margaret at Hero's chamber window. Don John shows Don Pedro and Claudio this, and they believe that they are watching Hero's infidelity.Against the revelry of the evening, the upright but incompetent constable Dogberry appoints a watch to keep the peace. The three hapless watchmen overhear Borachio bragging to his colleague Conrade about how he and Don John had succeeded in stopping the wedding. The watchmen apprehend Borachio and Conrade, and, in the morning, Dogberry attempts to have Leonato interrogate the prisoners. However, a hurried Leonato is unable to decipher what the bumbling Dogberry is trying to tell him.At the wedding, Claudio publicly disgraces his would-be bride and storms away, along with most of the guests, except for Ursula, the Friar, Leonato, Beatrice, Antonio, and Benedick. They all agree to the Friar's plan to publish the tale that Hero, upon the grief of Claudio's accusations, suddenly died. Beatrice and Benedick linger a moment and eventually confess their love to one another.In the wake of this declaration, Beatrice asks Benedick to do the one thing that will satisfy her outrage with what has just happened – kill Claudio. With a heavy heart, he agrees to challenge his friend. Meanwhile, Borachio and Conrade are interrogated by Dogberry and his men. Amidst the confusion, Don John quietly flees. Despite Dogberry's incompetence, the truth of Don John's sinister machinations is revealed.Moments after Benedick's challenge to Claudio, Leonato is made aware of what really happened. Leonato continues to pretend to Claudio that Hero is dead. Claudio entreats him to impose whatever vengeance he sees fit for Claudio's part in Hero's disgrace and death. Leonato forgives Claudio on the condition that he publicly declare his wrongdoing and then marry Hero's cousin - his brother Antonio's daughter - the next morning. He agrees, and carries out the former by reciting an epitaph at Hero's tomb that night.When the bride is brought forth the next day, she is revealed to be none other than Hero herself. She and Claudio profess their true, undying love for each other, as do Beatrice and Benedick, who agree to marry. Benedick renounces his challenge against Claudio and embraces him.Moments later, Don John is marched in, having been captured before he could escape. Benedick advises that Don Pedro forget about him until tomorrow, after the weddings. Those gathered begin to dance, with the two happy couples at the middle. Don Pedro remains behind, still single, but happy for his friends.
84	Robert A. Heinlein's The Puppet Masters (1994)	Horror, Sci-Fi	In the summer of 2007, Earth is under attack. Slug-like creatures, arriving in flying saucers, are attaching themselves to people's backs, taking control of their victims' nervous systems, and manipulating those people as puppets. The Old Man, the head of a clandestine national security agency called the Section, goes to Des Moines, Iowa, with Sam and Mary, two of his best agents, to investigate a flying saucer report, but much more seriously the ominous disappearance of the six agents sent previously. They discover that "the slugs" are steadily taking over Des Moines, but they cannot convince the US president to declare an emergency.Sam takes two other agents and returns to Des Moines to get more evidence of the invasion. They fail and are forced to flee quickly, but in the confusion, a slug gains control of one of the agents. Back in Washington the team discovers the slug and captures it, but later it escapes and attaches itself to Sam, using Sam's skills and knowledge to make a clean escape.While under control, Sam uses the Constitution Club—whose membership includes many important members of the city's political elite—to gain more hosts for the slugs. The Old Man captures him, takes him to Section's new headquarters, and later coerces Sam into allowing himself to be possessed by the slug again. Under drug-induced hypnosis, Sam reveals that the slugs come from Titan, the sixth moon of Saturn. Later the Section exposes several possessed congressmen at a session of Congress, finally persuading the Congress that the United States is under attack. The law is passed requiring people to have bare backs to demonstrate that they are not carrying slugs.The Army prepares a counterattack in the most heavily infested areas, planning to take over  most broadcast centers and reveal the truth to the local residents. Sam drives alone to Kansas City and discovers that the slugs now possess almost all residents. He returns to Washington too late to stop the operation, which fails; the invading soldiers are either killed or captured by the slugs.Sam and Mary take a short leave, get married and have a happy honeymoon that is interrupted by a slug that seems to have been targeting Sam for repossession. They return to work and discover that people are now required to be practically naked as the slugs learned to attach themselves to other body parts. Together with the Old Man, they go to Pass Christian, Mississippi, to inspect a flying saucer that had made a bad landing. Inside the alien ship, Mary is overwhelmed by repressed memories from the time she was a child on Venus and had been possessed by a slug. The slug had died from "nine-day fever", a deadly disease native to Venus.Learning that the disease kills slugs faster than their human hosts, the authorities adopt biological warfare and release infected apes into enemy-held territory. Slugs possess the apes and then quickly transmit the disease to each other. Several carefully timed days later, thousands of volunteers are parachuted to administer the cure to those people whose slugs have died. Sam and the Old Man join the effort in Jefferson City, Missouri.The Old Man gets possessed by the last healthy slug in the city, captures Sam and escapes in an air-car heading to the Yucatán, where the slug intends to restart its effort to conquer humanity. Sam manages to kill the slug and crash the air-car.Some years later, Sam and Mary board a spaceship headed for Saturn to take the offensive. Sam expresses the hope that a way would be found to save the small elf-like hosts whom the slugs enslaved.
85	Ref, The (1994)	Comedy	On Christmas Eve in an affluent Connecticut hamlet, Lloyd and Caroline Chasseur are in a marriage counseling session with therapist Dr. Wong. Caroline has had an affair, and Lloyd is miserable and blames the behavioral problems of their 15-year-old son Jesse on his wife's coddling of him. Caroline, meanwhile, calls out Lloyd for his inability to stand up to his domineering mother, Rose.In the same town, cat burglar Gus is in the midst of stealing jewelry from a mansion. His plan goes awry when he accidentally sets off the alarm and is chased out by a guard dog. His getaway car, driven by his partner Murray, is no longer there. At a convenience store, he runs into Lloyd and Caroline and takes them hostage, ordering them to drive him to their house. Along the way, Caroline and Lloyd keep arguing, with Gus having to repeatedly intercede and tell them to shut up.At the Chasseur house, Gus has Lloyd and Caroline tied up while they continue to bicker. Knowing that Murray usually seeks refuge at seedy bars, Gus calls the local bar and manages to get in touch with him. He instructs Murray to steal a boat for their getaway. The police set up roadblocks and impose a curfew to look for Gus, while two officers go door-to-door. Lt. Huff, the police chief, is less than concerned because the town rarely sees criminal activity like this.Jesse, who has been away at a military school, arrives home earlier than his parents expect. Unbeknownst to them, Jesse has been blackmailing the school's commanding officer, Siskel, with photographs of an affair. He is stashing the money with plans of running away. Gus has Jesse tied up along with his parents. Jesse, unhappy with his home life, pleads to join Gus into a life of crime. Gus calls Jesse out on his naivety and tells the boy he should appreciate his comfortable upbringing.As the police search for Gus expands, he is forced to continue hiding out in the Chasseur home while waiting for Murray. Complicating matters are visiting neighbors, such as George, who is dressed up as Santa Claus and arrives to deliver a fruitcake for the family. Later, Lloyd's family—his brother Gary, sister-in-law Connie, their two children Mary and John, and Rose—arrive to celebrate Christmas Eve. Rose is extremely wealthy and bullies everyone in the family. To hide any suspicion that Lloyd and Caroline are being held hostage, Gus pretends to be Dr. Wong and tells Lloyd's family his presence is needed as part of "experimental therapy". Jesse is tied up and gagged upstairs in his parents' closet. During the family dinner, Caroline and Lloyd are unable to stop fighting, which comes to a head when Rose reveals that Lloyd told her about Caroline's affair, and Caroline demands a divorce. Gus' pointed comments goad Lloyd to finally stand up to his wife and his mother. Everyone finds out who Gus really is after Rose attempts to go upstairs; Gus has her tied up and gagged.Siskel turns up at the door and reveals how he is being blackmailed. Jesse manages to untie himself, and his parents discover his hidden money. George, still dressed as Santa, but now very drunk, returns to the home, protesting why he never gets a gift in return. He spots the gun and realizes who Gus is but gets knocked out. The state police arrive, and Lloyd, having a change of heart, decides he cannot "spend [his] life sending everyone [he] care[s] about to prison." He instructs Jesse to take Gus to the docks using a path through the woods. Gus, in George's Santa suit, makes it safely to a boat where Murray awaits.Back at home, the couple's bickering drives away the police. Having aired out their differences throughout the evening with Gus' assistance, they make up and decide to stay together. Their reconciliation is interrupted when John informs them that "grandma Rose is eating through her gag."
86	Remains of the Day, The (1993)	Drama	The Remains of the Day is a 1989 novel by the Nobel Prize-winning British author Kazuo Ishiguro. The protagonist, Stevens, is a butler with a long record of service at Darlington Hall, a fictitious stately home near Oxford, England. In 1956, he takes a road trip to visit a former colleague, and reminisces about events at Darlington Hall in the 1920s and 1930s. The work received the Booker Prize for Fiction in 1989. A film adaptation of the novel, made in 1993 and starring Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson, was nominated for eight Academy Awards. In 2022, it was included on the "Big Jubilee Read" list of 70 books by Commonwealth authors, selected to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee of Elizabeth II.
87	Searching for Bobby Fischer (1993)	Drama	Seven-year-old Josh Waitzkin becomes fascinated with the chess players in New York City's Washington Square Park. His mother, Bonnie, is initially uncomfortable with his interest, as the games in the park are rife with illegal gambling and homeless players, but eventually allows Josh to play a game with a disheveled player (who charges $5 to play the game). Although Josh loses, Bonnie is amazed that he understands the rules of chess, despite having never been taught them. Another park player, Vinnie Livermore, alerts Bonnie to Josh's advanced talent in the game.Josh's father, Fred, asks to play a game with his son and swiftly defeats him. It emerges, however, that Josh deliberately lost to spare his father's feelings. When Fred prompts Josh to play a rematch honestly, Josh effortlessly defeats him.A friendship blooms between Josh and Vinnie, who becomes a mentor. Fred requests the services of Bruce Pandolfini as a formal chess tutor for his son. Bruce takes an immediate liking to Josh, but disapproves of many of Josh's maverick tactics, adopted from Vinnie's tutelage. In particular, Bruce disapproves of Josh's tendency to bring out his queen too early, and warns Fred that such careless tactics will weaken Josh's performance in organized chess tournaments.Against Bruce's advice, Fred enrolls Josh in a chess tournament. Josh wins, the first in a slew of tournament victories for him. Fred develops an unhealthy obsession with Josh's chess career, causing friction between Fred, Bonnie, and Josh's school teacher. Josh, upset by the changes he has noticed in his father, begins losing tournaments.As a remedy, Fred dedicates Josh entirely to Bruce's teaching regimen, and at Bruce's request, Josh is forbidden from playing any more games with Vinnie. Bruce's relationship with Josh grows cold and misanthropic as Bruce seeks to harden Josh's competitiveness. When Bruce berates Josh by showering him in "meaningless Xeroxes" of a certificate that Bruce had previously told Josh was a special award, Bonnie kicks Bruce out of the house.Fred and Josh reconcile, with Fred assuring Josh that he loves his son, even if he is not a chess champion. And when Josh is allowed to resume playing chess with Vinnie, his enthusiasm for the game returns.Josh attends the National Chess Championship, where he and Bruce reconcile. In the final tournament game, Josh is paired against Jonathan Poe, another young prodigy whose talent has intimidated Josh. The game is a back-and-forth struggle: Josh's use of Vinnie's reckless tactics causes him to lose his queen early in the game, but he follows up with more tactics to win Jonathan's queen. The game continues into a complex endgame. After an overconfident move from Jonathan, Josh remembers Bruce's disciplined teachings, and uses them to calculate a path to an assured victory. Before executing the sequence, he offers his opponent a draw. Jonathan, insulted, and not realizing his own predicament, refuses. Josh plays out a winning combination and wins the game.
88	Sleepless in Seattle (1993)	Comedy, Romance	Sam Baldwin, a recently widowed Chicago architect, moves to Seattle with his eight-year-old son Jonah, to start a new life. A year later on Christmas Eve, Jonah calls in to a nationally syndicated radio talk show and persuades a reluctant Sam to go on the air to talk about how much he misses his wife, Maggie, and how he knew she was the one for him when he first took her hand. Thousands of women from around the country hear the program and, touched by the story, write to Sam.One listener is Annie Reed, a Baltimore Sun reporter. She is engaged to Walter, but feels something is missing from their relationship. After watching An Affair to Remember, Annie writes Sam a letter suggesting they meet atop the Empire State Building on Valentine's Day. She decides against mailing it, but her friend and editor, Becky, mails it for her, and later agrees to send Annie to Seattle on a related story assignment after she has done some research on Sam via a detective agency. She also coins the term "widowered" in a conversation with coworkers.Sam begins dating a co-worker, Victoria, whom Jonah vehemently dislikes. When Jonah reads Annie's letter, he instinctively feels that she could 'be the one' but is unable to convince Sam to meet Annie in New York on Valentine's Day. Jonah's friend Jessica, whose mother is a travel agent, urges him to reply to Annie, agreeing to the New York meeting.While dropping Victoria off at the airport, Sam glimpses Annie exiting her plane and is mesmerized by her, though unaware of who she is. Later, Annie secretly watches Sam and Jonah playing on the beach together. The next day she goes to Sam's houseboat. From across the street she sees Sam's sister Suzy, and assumes she is his girlfriend. A passing vehicle nearly hits Annie and honks at her. Sam recognizes her from the airport and says, "hello." Annie also says "hello" before quickly leaving. After returning to Baltimore, Annie goes to New York to meet Walter for Valentine's Day, trying to convince herself the trip was a mistake.With Jessica's help, Jonah books a flight to New York and goes to the Empire State Building to find Annie on Valentine's Day. When Sam discovers him missing, he cancels his date, then gets Jessica to tell him where he is. Sam immediately follows, finding Jonah on the Empire observation deck. Meanwhile, Annie sees the skyscraper from where she and Walter are dining. She confesses her doubts to him, tells him the story of all that has happened since hearing the Christmas broadcast and they amicably end their engagement. Annie rushes to the Empire State Building and arrives on the observation deck just moments after Sam and Jonah have gone down in the elevator.Annie discovers Jonah's backpack. When Sam and Jonah return to retrieve it, Sam recognizes Annie again. After everyone introduces themselves, Annie takes Sam's hand and the three leave together, as Jonah smiles when the elevator doors close.
89	Blade Runner (1982)	Film-Noir, Sci-Fi	In 2019 Los Angeles, former police officer Rick Deckard is detained by Officer Gaff, who likes to make origami figures, and is brought to his former supervisor, Bryant. Deckard, whose job as a "blade runner" was to track down bioengineered humanoids known as replicants and terminally "retire" them, is informed that four replicants are on Earth illegally. Deckard begins to leave, but Bryant makes veiled threats and Deckard stays. The two watch a video of a blade runner named Holden administering the Voight-Kampff test, which is designed to distinguish replicants from humans based on their emotional responses to questions. The test subject, Leon, shoots Holden on the second question. Bryant wants Deckard to retire Leon and three other Nexus-6 replicants: Roy Batty, Zhora, and Pris.Bryant has Deckard meet with the CEO of the company that creates the replicants, Eldon Tyrell, so he can administer the V-K test on a Nexus-6 to see if it works. Tyrell expresses his interest in seeing the test fail first and asks him to administer it on his assistant Rachael. After a much longer than standard test, Deckard concludes privately to Tyrell that Rachael is a replicant who believes she is human. Tyrell explains that she is an experiment who has been given false memories to provide an "emotional cushion", and that she has no knowledge of her true nature.In searching Leon's hotel room, Deckard finds photos and a scale from the skin of an animal, which is later identified as a synthetic snake scale. Deckard returns to his apartment, where Rachael is waiting. She tries to prove her humanity by showing him a family photo, but Deckard reveals that her memories are implants from Tyrell's niece, and she leaves in tears.Replicants Roy and Leon meanwhile investigate a replicant eye-manufacturing laboratory and learn of J. F. Sebastian, a gifted genetic designer who works closely with Tyrell. Pris locates Sebastian and manipulates him to gain his trust.A photograph from Leon's apartment and the snake scale lead Deckard to a strip club, where Zhora works. After a confrontation and chase, Deckard kills Zhora. Bryant also orders him to retire Rachael, who has disappeared from the Tyrell Corporation. Deckard spots Rachael in a crowd, but he is ambushed by Leon, who knocks the gun out of Deckard's hand and beats him. As Leon is about to kill Deckard, Rachael saves him by using Deckard's gun to kill Leon. They return to Deckard's apartment and, during a discussion, he promises not to track her down. As Rachael abruptly tries to leave, Deckard restrains her and forces her to kiss him, and she ultimately relents. Deckard leaves Rachael at his apartment and departs to search for the remaining replicants.Roy arrives at Sebastian's apartment and tells Pris that the other replicants are dead. Sebastian reveals that because of a genetic premature aging disorder, his life will be cut short, like the replicants that were built with a four-year lifespan. Roy uses Sebastian to gain entrance to Tyrell's penthouse. He demands more life from his maker, which Tyrell says is impossible. Roy confesses that he has done "questionable things" but Tyrell dismisses this, praising Roy's advanced design and accomplishments in his short life. Roy kisses Tyrell and then kills him by crushing his eyes and skull. Sebastian tries to flee and is later reported dead.At Sebastian's apartment, Deckard is ambushed by Pris, but he kills her as Roy returns. Roy's body begins to fail as the end of his lifespan nears. He chases Deckard through the building and onto the roof. Deckard tries to jump onto another roof but is left hanging from the edge. Roy makes the jump with ease and, as Deckard's grip loosens, Roy hoists him onto the roof to save him. Before Roy dies, he laments that his memories "will be lost in time, like tears in rain". Gaff arrives to congratulate Deckard, also reminding him that Rachael will not live, but "then again, who does?" Deckard returns to his apartment to retrieve Rachael. While escorting her to the elevator, he notices a small origami unicorn on the floor. He recalls Gaff's words and departs with Rachael.
90	So I Married an Axe Murderer (1993)	Comedy, Romance, Thriller	Charlie MacKenzie is a popular local beat poet living in San Francisco who makes his frequent break-ups the subject of his poems. His best friend Tony, a recently promoted police detective, believes that Charlie is afraid of commitment and will identify (or invent) any reason to break up with someone.While purchasing dinner for his Scottish-born parents, Stuart and May, he encounters a butcher named Harriet, and is attracted to her. During his visit with his family, Charlie and May discuss his most recent break-up, and May brings up a tabloid article about a bride known as "Mrs. X", who kills her husbands on their honeymoons using an axe.Charlie goes back to the butcher shop and offers to help Harriet. The two find common bonds and start to date. After staying at her place one night, Charlie meets Harriet's eccentric sister, Rose, who warns Charlie to be careful. He learns Harriet used to live in Atlantic City, was involved with a trainer in Russian martial arts, and screams for someone named Ralph in her sleep. Charlie arranges a dinner with her to meet his parents, who say she is their favourite of all his partners. Charlie reads the article about Mrs. X, which identifies two of her victims as a martial arts expert and a man named Ralph.Charlie becomes fearful and asks Tony to investigate Harriet and the Mrs. X story. Tony reveals that the husbands of Mrs. X were all reported missing alongside their wives, assuring that Harriet is unlikely to be Mrs. X. Charlie remains on edge, and after a few more troubled dates, breaks up with her. Tony reports that a killer in the Mrs. X story has confessed. Relieved, Charlie apologizes to Harriet by reciting one of his beat poems to her from her rooftop. They make up, and Harriet explains away some of her history, such as Ralph being the name of a woman she knows.At his parents' wedding anniversary Charlie proposes to Harriet. She accepts after some hesitation. Following the wedding ceremony, they embark on a honeymoon to a secluded mountain hotel. After they depart, Tony learns that the confessed killer is actually a compulsive liar. He sends a photo of Harriet to the known associates of the missing husbands, and all identify her as their friends' wife. With phone lines to the hotel down due to a storm, Tony charters a plane. Once he lands, he calls Charlie locally and warns him that Harriet really is Mrs. X, but the hotel phone line is knocked out and power is lost.Charlie panics and tries to stay away from Harriet without letting her know what he knows, but the hotel staff force him into the honeymoon suite for their first night together. After locking Harriet in the closet, Charlie discovers a letter, purportedly written by him, explaining his absence to Harriet. Rose appears wielding an axe and reveals herself as the Mrs. X killer. She feels that Harriet's husbands are taking her sister from her, motivating her to kill them on their honeymoon night and leave letters behind claiming to be from them, leading Harriet to believe that each husband abandoned her. Charlie flees from Rose.Tony leads the police into the hotel and arrests Harriet, still believing her to be the murderer. Charlie, having been chased to the hotel roof by Rose, gets Tony's attention as they take Harriet away. While the police make their way up to the roof, Rose swings the axe at Charlie and is thrown off the building. Tony catches her, and she is arrested and taken away. Charlie and Harriet resume their lives as a happy couple.
91	Nightmare Before Christmas, The (1993)	Children's, Comedy, Musical	Halloween Town is a fantasy world populated by various monsters and supernatural beings associated with the eponymous holiday. Jack Skellington, the well-respected Pumpkin King, leads the town in organizing its annual celebrations. This year however, Jack grows tired of the same routine and longs for something new. Upon discovering trees containing doors to other holiday-themed worlds, Jack stumbles through the one leading to Christmas Town and is fascinated by the unfamiliar holiday.Jack returns home and shares his discovery with his friends and neighbors, but they struggle to grasp the concept of Christmas, although they relate to its ruler, Santa Claus, or "Sandy Claws" as Jack mistakenly dubs him. After several futile attempts at finding a way to rationally explain Christmas, Jack decides to "improve" the holiday instead. He announces that Halloween Town will take over Christmas this year and assigns Christmas-themed jobs, such as singing carols, making presents and building a sleigh pulled by skeletal reindeer, to various residents.Sally, the feminine creation of local mad scientist Doctor Finkelstein, experiences a vision predicting that their efforts will end disastrously. Jack, whom she secretly loves, dismisses her warnings and instructs her to make a Santa Claus suit for him. He tasks mischievous trick-or-treating trio Lock, Shock and Barrel with abducting Santa; however, he orders them not to involve their superior Oogie Boogie, a bogeyman with a passion for gambling and Jack's long-time rival, in their plot.When Lock, Shock and Barrel bring Santa to Halloween Town, Jack tells him that he will take care of Christmas this year and orders the trio to keep Santa safe. However, they disobey Jack's orders and bring Santa to Oogie, who plots to play a game with Santa's life at stake. As Jack departs to deliver presents in the real world, Sally, after failing to stop him beforehand, attempts to rescue Santa from Oogie, only to be captured herself.Jack's presents terrify the real world's populace, who contact the local authorities and are instructed to lock down their homes for protection. The military is alerted and Jack is shot out of the sky, leading Halloween Town's populace to believe he is dead. It is revealed that he survived and has crashed into a nearby cemetery. Bemoaning the trouble that he has caused, Jack realizes he nonetheless enjoyed the experience and that it gave him new ideas for celebrating Halloween, reigniting his love for the holiday.Upon returning home, Jack rescues Santa and Sally, confronts Oogie and defeats him by unraveling a thread holding his cloth form together, causing all of the insects inside Oogie to spill out and reduce him to nothing. Though displeased with Jack for his foolish actions and not listening to Sally earlier, Santa makes amends with him and resumes his yearly duties, replacing Jack's presents with genuine ones.All of Halloween Town celebrates Jack's return. Santa brings a snowfall to the town, thereby bringing the Christmas spirit upon it, while Jack and Sally finally declare their love for each other.
92	True Romance (1993)	Action, Crime, Romance	At a Detroit theater showing kung fu films, Alabama Whitman strikes up a conversation with Elvis Presley fanatic Clarence Worley. They later have sex at his downtown apartment. Alabama tearfully confesses that she is a call girl hired by Clarence's boss as a birthday present but has fallen in love with him. The two get married the next day at City Hall. An apparition of Elvis convinces Clarence to kill Alabama's abusive pimp, Drexl Spivey. Going to the brothel where Alabama worked, he shoots and kills Drexl and takes a bag he assumes contains Alabama's belongings. Back at the apartment, he and Alabama discover it contains a large amount of cocaine that Drexl had stolen from two drug pushers that he had murdered.The couple ask Clarence's estranged father Clifford, a retired police officer, for help. He tells Clarence the police assume Drexl's murder is a gang killing committed in revenge for the slain dealers. After the couple leave for Los Angeles, Clifford is interrogated by Vincenzo Coccotti, consigliere to mobster "Blue Lou Boyle", who had hired Drexl to steal and distribute the cocaine on his behalf. He reveals that the mob knows about Clarence's theft since they found his driver's license near Drexl's body. Clifford, realizing he will die anyway, mockingly defies Coccotti, who shoots him dead. One of his men then finds a Los Angeles address taped to Clifford's refrigerator.In Los Angeles, Clarence and Alabama meet Clarence's aspiring actor friend, Dick Ritchie, who introduces him to actor and production assistant Elliot Blitzer. He reluctantly agrees to broker the sale of the drugs to his boss, film producer Lee Donowitz. While Clarence is out buying lunch, Coccotti's enforcer Virgil finds Alabama in their motel room and beats her for information. Alabama fights back, stabbing him with a corkscrew, putting nail polish remover in his eyes and using hairspray to set fire to Virgil's face before grabbing his sawed-off shotgun and shooting him to death in a maniacal rage. Clarence tends to Alabama's wounds, and they discuss their future together.Elliot is pulled over for speeding and gets charged when the prostitute he is with hits him with a bag of cocaine and spills it on him. To stay out of jail, he agrees to wear a wire and record the drug deal between Clarence and Donowitz for police detectives Dimes and Nicholson. Coccotti's men learn where the deal will take place from Dick's stoner roommate Floyd. Clarence, Alabama, Dick, and Elliot go to Donowitz's suite at the Ambassador Hotel with the drugs. In the elevator, a suspicious Clarence threatens Elliot at gunpoint but is persuaded by Elliot's pleading for mercy.Clarence fabricates a story for Donowitz that the drugs were given to him by a corrupt police officer, and he agrees to the sale. Clarence goes to the bathroom, and the vision of Elvis reassures him that things are going well. Meanwhile, Donowitz and his bodyguards are ambushed by the police and the mobsters. Elliot reveals himself to be an informant by asking the officers if he can leave, whereupon a shootout erupts. Dick throws the suitcase of drugs into the air, where it gets shredded by gunfire, and flees. Donowitz, his bodyguards, Elliot, the officers, and the mobsters are all killed, and Clarence is wounded. He and Alabama flee with Donowitz's money to Mexico, where Alabama gives birth to a son, whom they name Elvis.
93	Welcome to the Dollhouse (1995)	Comedy, Drama	Twelve-year-old Dawn Wiener is a shy and unpopular seventh-grader living in a middle-class suburban community in New Jersey. Her older brother Mark is a nerdy high school student who plays clarinet in a garage band and shuns girls in order to prepare for college. Her younger sister Missy is spoiled and manipulative; she pesters Dawn and dances around the house in a tutu. Her mother Marj is a shrewish woman who dotes on Missy and sides with her in disputes with Dawn. Her father Harv is a meek man who sides with Marj over Dawn. Her only friend is an effeminate sixth-grade boy named Ralphy, with whom she shares a dilapidated clubhouse in her backyard.At school, Dawn is ridiculed and her locker is covered in graffiti. Her teacher unfairly gives her detention after one of her bullies, Brandon McCarthy, tries to copy her answers on a test. Later, Dawn gets in trouble again after accidentally hitting another teacher in the eye with a spitball in self-defense when Brandon and his friends bully her during an assembly.Mark's classmate Steve Rodgers, a handsome and charismatic aspiring rock musician, agrees to join the band in exchange for Mark's help in school. Dawn pursues him romantically when they spend time together, though one of Steve's former girlfriends tells her that she has no chance of being with him.After Dawn calls Brandon a "retard" during a confrontation, he threatens her with rape. His first attempt to assault her after school fails, but shortly afterward, he phones her, ordering her to meet him again the next day. When she complies, he takes her to a junkyard, where he has an earnest conversation with her and kisses her instead. At dinner that evening, when she refuses to tear down her clubhouse to make room for her parents' 20th anniversary party, Marj tells Mark and Missy to destroy it anyway, and gives them Dawn's share of dessert.Dawn and Brandon spend time in her clubhouse, but she confesses to him her feelings for Steve, causing him to storm out. Ralphy, who was spying on them, tries to comfort Dawn, but she angrily rejects him when he insults Brandon, leaving her with no friends.At the anniversary party, Dawn intends to proposition Steve, but gets cold feet and is rebuffed. Steve plays with Missy, who pushes Dawn into a kiddie pool. That evening, the family watches a videotape of the party, laughing when Dawn falls into the water. Later, Dawn smashes the tape and briefly brandishes her hammer over Missy as she sleeps.A few days later, Brandon is arrested and expelled from school for suspected drug dealing. Meanwhile, Harv's car breaks down and Marj has to pick him up. She instructs Dawn to tell Missy to get a ride home with her ballet teacher, but she chooses not to after arguing with Missy, who is subsequently kidnapped.Dawn visits Brandon's home and meets his intellectually troubled brother and aggressive father. She tells Brandon that she wants to be his girlfriend, but he tells her that he is running away to New York City to avoid being sent to a reformatory. After they kiss, an argument about him dealing drugs ensues, with him saying that one of his friends is the real culprit. Regardless, he asks Dawn if she will come with him, but she declines and he leaves through his bedroom window.When Marj is informed that Missy's tutu was found in Times Square, Dawn goes to New York City to look for her. After a night of searching, she phones home and Mark tells her that Missy was found alive and unharmed by police after being abducted by a pedophilic neighbor. Dawn returns to town and her classmates ridicule her as she delivers a thank-you speech. Mark later tells her that she cannot expect school life to get any better until high school. On a bus ride to Walt Disney World for a concert tour, Dawn sits among her fellow choir members and unenthusiastically joins them in singing the school anthem.
94	Home Alone (1990)	Children's, Comedy	The McCallister family prepares to spend Christmas in Paris, gathering at Kate and Peter's home in Winnetka, a Chicago suburb, on the night before their departure. Kate and Peter's youngest son Kevin is ridiculed by his siblings and cousins due to his immaturity. Kevin inadvertently ruins the family dinner after a scuffle with his oldest brother Buzz, resulting in Kate sending him up to the attic. Frustrated with Kate for allowing the rest of the family to pick on him, Kevin wishes that his family would disappear. During the night, heavy winds create a power outage, disabling the alarm clocks and causing the family to oversleep. In the confusion and rush to get to the airport, Kevin is accidentally left behind.Kevin wakes to find the house empty and the family cars still in the garage, unaware that they had rented vans to take them to the airport. Thinking that his wish has come true, he is overjoyed with his newfound freedom. Later, Kevin becomes frightened by his eccentric next-door neighbor, "Old Man" Marley, rumored to be a serial killer nicknamed the "South-Bend Shovel Slayer" who murdered his own family. The McCallister home is soon stalked by the "Wet Bandits", Harry and Marv, a pair of burglars who have been breaking into other vacant houses in the neighborhood. Kevin tricks them into thinking that his family is still home, forcing them to postpone their plans to rob the McCallister house.Kate realizes mid-flight that Kevin was left behind, and upon arrival in Paris, the family discovers that all flights for the next two days are booked, and that the phone lines are still down back home in Chicago. Peter and the rest of the family stay at his brother Rob's apartment in Paris while Kate stays at the airport. Unable to book a flight to Chicago, Kate convinces a couple to trade tickets with her. When she eventually arrives in the US, she meets Gus Polinski, the lead member of a traveling polka band, who offers to let her travel with them to Chicago in a moving van on the way to Milwaukee.On Christmas Eve, Harry and Marv finally realize that only Kevin is in the McCallister home, and Kevin overhears them discussing plans to break into the house that night. He starts to miss his family and asks the local Santa Claus impersonator if he could bring them back for Christmas. Kevin attends a church choir performance, eventually re-encountering Marley, who proves the rumors about himself to be false. Marley points out his granddaughter in the choir and mentions he has never met her since she is the daughter of his estranged son. Kevin suggests he try to reconcile with his son.Kevin returns home and rigs the house with handmade booby traps. Harry and Marv break in, spring the traps, and suffer various injuries. Kevin calls the police and lures the duo into a vacant neighboring house that they had previously broken into. Harry and Marv ambush Kevin and prepare to get their revenge, but Marley intervenes and knocks them out with his snow shovel. The police arrive and arrest Harry and Marv, having identified all the houses that they broke into due to Marv's habit of flooding them.On Christmas Day, Kevin is initially disappointed to find that his family is still gone. However, Kate arrives home and they reconcile. The rest of the family then returns after waiting in Paris for a direct flight to Chicago. Kevin keeps silent about his encounter with Harry and Marv, although Peter finds Harry's knocked-out gold tooth. Kevin then happily watches Marley reuniting with his family.
95	Aladdin (1992)	Animation, Children's, Comedy, Musical	Jafar, a sorcerer and the royal vizier of the fictional Middle Eastern city of Agrabah, seeks a magic lamp hidden within the Cave of Wonders that only "the diamond in the rough" can retrieve. Meanwhile, Princess Jasmine is unsatisfied with her sheltered life in the palace, so she escapes and encounters a young street urchin named Aladdin, and his pet monkey, Abu. As a bond between Aladdin and Jasmine develops, Jafar has the palace guards capture and imprison Aladdin, who learns Jasmine's identity. Jasmine demands that Jafar release Aladdin, but he instead says that Aladdin has already been beheaded.Jafar, disguised as an elderly beggar, frees Aladdin and Abu and orders them to retrieve the lamp from the cave. The cave's guardian grants Aladdin entry, but warns him to touch only the lamp. Aladdin finds both the lamp and a flying magic carpet inside, but Abu grabs a large jewel and triggers a cave-in. They flee to the entrance and give the lamp to Jafar, who throws the pair into the cave. While trapped underground, Abu reveals to Aladdin that he stole the lamp back. Aladdin rubs the lamp, from which the Genie emerges. The Genie grants Aladdin three wishes, although Aladdin tricks him into freeing them from the cave without using a wish. Upon learning the Genie's desire to be released from servitude, Aladdin promises to use his last wish to free him. To woo Jasmine, Aladdin uses his first wish to become a prince.At the suggestion of his parrot sidekick, Iago, Jafar plans to marry Jasmine and then kill both her and her father, the Sultan. Meanwhile, Aladdin arrives in Agrabah as Prince Ali, but Jasmine is uninterested in his advances. That night, Aladdin takes Jasmine on a romantic ride on the carpet. After she deduces that Aladdin is the boy she had met earlier, he lies that he sometimes dresses as a commoner to escape palace life. Aladdin brings Jasmine home, but Jafar's guards surprise him, immobilize him by tying his feet and hands to a huge ball and chain and gag him before throwing him into the sea, where the Genie uses Aladdin's second wish to rescue him. Returning to the palace, Aladdin reveals Jafar's plot to Jasmine and the Sultan, but Jafar realizes Aladdin's identity and escapes from the guards.With everything seemingly resolved, the Genie requests his freedom; Aladdin declines, worried that he needs the Genie's facade to stay with Jasmine. The frustrated Genie retreats into his lamp, which is later stolen by Iago and brought to Jafar. Now the Genie's master, Jafar uses his first two wishes to become sultan, then a powerful sorcerer, and sends Aladdin to a frozen wasteland. Using the magic carpet, Aladdin escapes and returns to Agrabah, where he fights Jafar for the lamp. Aladdin taunts Jafar for being less powerful than the Genie, tricking him into using his last wish to become a genie himself. This causes Jafar to become trapped in his new lamp, taking Iago with him. The Genie throws Jafar's lamp into the Cave of Wonders.The Genie encourages Aladdin to use his third wish to regain his royal title and legally marry Jasmine. Aladdin instead decides to keep his promise, wishing the Genie free. The Sultan allows Jasmine to marry whomever she chooses, and she gladly chooses Aladdin. The Genie bids the group a fond farewell and leaves to explore the world, while Aladdin and Jasmine start their new life together.
96	Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991)	Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller	In 2029, Earth has been ravaged by the war between the malevolent artificial intelligence Skynet and the human resistance. Skynet sends the T-1000—an advanced, shape-shifting prototype Terminator made of virtually indestructible liquid metal—back in time to kill resistance leader John Connor when he is a child. To protect John, the resistance sends back a reprogrammed T-800 Terminator, a less advanced metal endoskeleton covered in living tissue.In 1995 Los Angeles, John's mother Sarah is incarcerated in Pescadero State Hospital for her violent efforts to prevent "Judgment Day"—the prophesied events of August 29, 1997, when Skynet will gain sentience and, in response to its creators' attempts to deactivate it, incite a nuclear holocaust. John, living with foster parents, also considers Sarah delusional and resents her efforts to prepare him for his future role. The T-1000 locates John in a shopping mall, but the T-800 intervenes, coming to John's aid and enabling his escape. John calls to warn his foster parents, but the T-800 deduces that the T-1000 has already killed them. Realizing the T-800 is programmed to obey him, John forbids it to kill people and orders it to help him rescue Sarah from the T-1000.The T-800 and John intercept Sarah as she attempts to escape. Initially horrified that the T-800 resembles the Terminator sent to kill her in 1984, she joins them and escapes the pursuing T-1000. Sarah uses the T-800's knowledge of the future to learn that a revolutionary microprocessor, being developed by Cyberdyne engineer Miles Dyson, will be crucial to Skynet's creation. Over the course of their journey, Sarah sees the T-800 serving as a friend and father figure to John, who teaches it catchphrases and hand signs while encouraging it to become more human-like.Sarah plans to escape to Mexico with John, but a nightmare about Judgment Day prompts her to decide to kill Dyson. She attacks him in his home but cannot bring herself to go through with it and relents. John arrives and reconciles with Sarah while the T-800 explains to Dyson the future consequences of his work. Dyson reveals that his research has been reverse engineered from the CPU and severed arm of the 1984 Terminator. Believing that his work must be destroyed, Dyson helps Sarah, John, and the T-800 break into Cyberdyne, retrieve the CPU and the arm, and set explosives to destroy the lab. The police assault the building and fatally shoot Dyson, but he detonates the explosives as he dies. The T-1000 pursues the surviving trio, cornering them in a steel mill.Sarah and John split up to escape while the T-1000 mangles the T-800 and briefly deactivates it by destroying its power source. The T-1000 assumes Sarah's appearance and voice to lure out John, but Sarah intervenes and, along with the reactivated T-800, pushes it into a vat of molten steel, where it disintegrates. John also throws the 1984 Terminator's arm and CPU into the vat. The T-800 explains that it must also be destroyed to prevent it from serving as a foundation for Skynet. Despite John's tearful protests, the T-800 persuades him that its destruction is the only way to protect their future. Sarah, having come to respect the T-800, shakes its hand and lowers it into the vat. The T-800 gives John a thumbs-up as it is incinerated. As Sarah drives down a highway with John, she reflects on her renewed hope for an unknown future, musing that if the T-800 could learn the value of life, so can humanity.
97	Dances with Wolves (1990)	Adventure, Drama, Western	In 1863, 1st Lieutenant John J. Dunbar—serving with the Union army—is wounded in a stalemated battle at St. David's Field in Tennessee. The surgeon intends to amputate his leg. Choosing death in battle instead, Dunbar steals a horse and rides in front of Confederate lines unarmed, but miraculously survives his suicide attempt. Union troops take advantage of the distraction to mount a successful attack. Dunbar is given medical care that saves his leg and is awarded "Cisco", the horse he rode during his suicide attempt, along with his choice of posting. He requests a transfer to the American frontier to see it before it disappears.Dunbar arrives at Fort Hays where its commander, Major Fambrough, assigns him to the furthest outpost under his jurisdiction: Fort Sedgwick. Fambrough, who is mentally ill, kills himself after Dunbar departs. Dunbar travels with Timmons, a foul-mouthed mule-wagon provisioner, and finds the fort deserted. He decides to rebuild the fort, recording his observations in his diary. Timmons is killed by a band of Pawnee while returning to Fort Hays. The deaths of Timmons and Fambrough leave the army unaware of Dunbar's assignment, so no other soldiers arrive to reinforce the post.Dunbar encounters his Sioux neighbors when they attempt to steal his horse and intimidate him. Wanting to make peace, he seeks out the Sioux camp. En route, he comes across Stands With A Fist, a white ethnic Sioux woman who was adopted as a girl by the tribe's medicine man, Kicking Bird, after Pawnee killed her family. She is mutilating herself in mourning for her late Sioux husband. Dunbar brings her back to the Sioux to recover. Though the Sioux are initially hostile, Dunbar gradually establishes a rapport with them, notably Kicking Bird, the Sioux fighter Wind In His Hair, and the youth Smiles A Lot. Stands With A Fist acts as an interpreter, speaking Lakota and English.Dunbar comes to respect and appreciate the Sioux. He is accepted into their group after he tells them of a migrating herd of buffalo and participates in the hunt. He also befriends a wolf he dubs "Two Socks" for his white forepaws. Observing Dunbar and Two Socks chasing each other, he is given a name that translates as Dances With Wolves. Dunbar learns the Lakota language, and he and Stands With A Fist grow close. He gives the Sioux firearms to help them defend against the Pawnee attack. He eventually earns Kicking Bird's approval to marry Stands With A Fist.Because of the threat of encroaching white settlers, Chief Ten Bears decides to move his group to its winter camp. Dunbar decides to accompany them but first attempts to retrieve his diary from Fort Sedgwick, as it would help the U.S. Army locate the group at its new location. When he arrives, he finds the fort reoccupied by the army. Because of his Sioux clothing, the soldiers open fire, killing Cisco, and capture Dunbar. He cannot prove his story as one of the soldiers had stolen his diary. Refusing to help the army hunt down the Sioux, he is charged with desertion, and the soldiers begin to transport him back east as a prisoner. Two Socks attempts to follow Dunbar but is shot dead by the soldiers.Dunbar's Sioux friends track and attack the convoy, killing the soldiers and freeing Dunbar. They meet the others at the winter camp. Dunbar leaves with Stands With A Fist because his presence would endanger the group. As they leave, Dunbar and Kicking Bird exchange parting gifts. Smiles A Lot returns the diary he recovered during Dunbar's rescue, and Wind In His Hair proclaims his everlasting friendship to Dunbar.U.S. troops search the mountains but cannot locate Dunbar or the Sioux. The film's epilogue text states that the last of the free Sioux would surrender at Fort Robinson, Nebraska, 13 years later.
98	Silence of the Lambs, The (1991)	Drama, Thriller	The Silence of the Lambs (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the film score for the 1991 horror film directed by Jonathan Demme. Composed by Howard Shore, the soundtrack was released by MCA Records on CD, LP, and cassette on February 5, 1991. The original release featured 13 tracks. An expanded edition, including previously unreleased material, was released by Quartet Records on February 14, 2018, and reissued in 2021 to coincide with the film's 30th anniversary.
99	Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937)	Animation, Children's, Musical	Having lost both of her parents at a young age, Snow White is a princess living with her wicked and cold-hearted stepmother, the Queen. Fearing that Snow White's beauty will outshine her own, the Queen forces her to work as a scullery maid and asks her Magic Mirror daily "who is the fairest one of all." For years, the mirror always answers that the Queen is, pleasing her.One day, Snow White meets and falls in love with a prince who overhears her singing. That same day, the Magic Mirror deems Snow White as the fairest. The Queen orders her Huntsman to take Snow White into the forest, kill her, and bring back her heart in a jeweled box as proof. The Huntsman cannot bring himself to kill Snow White and warns her of the Queen's intentions. At his urging, Snow White flees deep into the forest.Lost and frightened, Snow White is befriended by woodland animals, who lead her to a hidden woodland cottage. Finding seven small chairs in the cottage's dining room, Snow White assumes the cottage is the untidy home of seven orphaned children. With the animals' help, she proceeds to clean the place and cook a meal. Snow White soon learns that the cottage is the home of seven dwarfs named Doc, Grumpy, Happy, Sleepy, Bashful, Sneezy, and Dopey, who work in a nearby mine. Returning home, they are alarmed to find their cottage clean and suspect that an intruder has invaded their home. Snow White introduces herself, and the dwarfs welcome her after she offers to clean and cook for them. Snow White keeps house for the dwarfs while they mine for jewels during the day, and at night, they all sing, play music, and dance.Back at the castle, the Magic Mirror reveals that Snow White is still living, and with the dwarfs. Enraged that the Huntsman gave her a pig's heart, the Queen uses a potion to disguise herself as an old peddler and then creates a poisoned apple that will put whoever eats it into Sleeping Death. She learns the curse can be broken by "love's first kiss," but is certain Snow White will be buried alive before this can happen. The Queen goes to the cottage while the dwarfs are away. The animals see through the disguise but are unable to warn Snow White; they rush off to find the dwarfs. The Queen fools Snow White into biting into the apple, and she falls into a death-like slumber.The dwarfs return with the animals as the Queen leaves the cottage and give chase, trapping her on a cliff. She tries to roll a boulder onto them, but lightning strikes the cliff before she can do so, causing her to fall to her death. In their cottage, the dwarfs find Snow White asleep from the poison. Unwilling to bury her, they instead place her in a glass coffin in the forest. Together with the animals, they keep watch over her.The following spring, the prince learns of Snow White's eternal sleep and visits the coffin. Saddened by her apparent death, he kisses her, breaking the spell and awakening her. The dwarfs and animals rejoice as the prince takes Snow White to his castle.
100	Fargo (1996)	Crime, Drama, Thriller	In 1987, Jerry Lundegaard is the executive sales manager of a Minneapolis car dealership owned by his father-in-law, Wade Gustafson. Desperate for money, he plans to have his wife, Jean, kidnapped. On the recommendation of dealership mechanic and parolee Shep Proudfoot, Jerry meets Gaear Grimsrud and Carl Showalter at a bar in Fargo, North Dakota. Gaear and Carl agree to kidnap Jean in exchange for a new Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera and half of the $80,000 ransom Jerry intends to extort from Wade.Believing he has secured a $750,000 loan from Wade for a lucrative real estate deal, Jerry unsuccessfully tries to call off the kidnapping. However, Wade and his accountant Stan Grossman inform Jerry that Wade will handle the deal himself, offering Jerry only a modest finder's fee. Carl and Gaear kidnap Jean and transport her to a remote cabin in Moose Lake. A state trooper stops them near Brainerd for not displaying temporary registration tags. The trooper rejects Carl's clumsy bribe attempt and orders Carl out of the car. The trooper hears Jean whimpering in the back seat, so Gaear shoots the trooper dead, then kills two passersby who witnessed the scene.Brainerd police chief Marge Gunderson, who is seven months pregnant, begins investigating. She correctly deduces that the dead trooper was ticketing a car with dealer plates. She later learns that two men driving a dealership vehicle checked into a nearby motel with two call girls and placed a call to Shep. Marge visits Wade's dealership, where Shep feigns ignorance and Jerry nervously insists no cars are missing. While in Minneapolis, Marge reconnects with Mike Yanagita, a high school classmate. Mike awkwardly tries to romance her before breaking down and telling her his wife has died.Jerry tells Wade the kidnappers have demanded $1 million and will deal only through him. In light of the three murders, Carl demands that Jerry hand over the $80,000 he believes is the entire ransom. Shep finds Carl with a call girl in Shep's Minneapolis apartment and beats him in retaliation for bringing Shep to the police's attention. Carl angrily calls Jerry and demands that he bring the money immediately. Wade insists on delivering the ransom and meets Carl at a parking garage. Wade refuses to hand over the money without seeing his daughter, so Carl shoots him. Wade fires back, wounding Carl in the jaw. Carl kills Wade and a garage attendant, then drives away with the cash.On the way to Moose Lake, Carl discovers the briefcase contains $1 million. He takes out $80,000 to split with Gaear and buries the rest in the snow alongside the highway. Marge learns from a friend that Yanagita lied; he has no wife and is mentally ill. Reflecting on this, Marge returns to Wade's dealership. An agitated Jerry again insists no cars are missing and tells Marge he will double-check the inventory. Marge sees Jerry driving off the lot and calls the state police.At the cabin, Carl finds that Gaear killed Jean because she would not be quiet. Carl says they should split up and leave immediately, and they argue over who will keep the Ciera. Carl insults Gaear and attempts to leave with the car, but Gaear, having become annoyed with Carl's persistent talking, chases him outside and kills him with an axe. Marge drives to Moose Lake, tipped off by a local bartender who overheard a customer brag about killing someone. She sees the Ciera, then discovers Gaear feeding Carl's body into a woodchipper. Gaear attempts to flee, but Marge shoots him in the leg and arrests him. Shortly after, Jerry is arrested by state troopers at a motel outside Bismarck, North Dakota.Marge's husband, Norm, tells her the Postal Service has selected his painting of a mallard for a 3-cent postage stamp and complains that his friend's painting won the competition for a 29-cent stamp. Marge reminds him that smaller denomination stamps make up the difference between the face value of old stamps and the new cost of first-class postage. Norm is reassured, and the couple happily anticipates the birth of their child.
101	Heavy Metal (1981)	Action, Adventure, Animation, Horror, Sci-Fi	=== "Soft Landing" ===The title sequence was based on the comic of the same name by Dan O'Bannon and Thomas Warkentin.The title sequence story opens with a Space Shuttle orbiting the Earth. The bay doors open, releasing a 1960 Corvette. An astronaut seated in the car then begins descending through Earth's atmosphere, landing in a desert canyon.CrewJimmy T. Murakami and John Bruno – directorsJohn Coates – producerDan O'Bannon – writerThomas Warkentin – art directionMusic"Radar Rider" by RiggsStudioMGM TitlesT.V. Cartoons Ltd=== "Grimaldi" ===In the framing story, the astronaut Grimaldi arrives at home where he is greeted by his daughter. He says he has something to show her. When he opens his case, a green, crystalline sphere rises out and melts him. It introduces itself to the terrified girl as "the sum of all evils". Looking into the orb known as the Loc-Nar, the girl sees how it has influenced societies throughout time and space.CastPercy Rodriguez (uncredited) as Loc-NarDon Francks as GrimaldiCaroline Semple as GirlCrewHarold Whitaker – directorJohn Halas – producerStudioHalas & Batchelor Animation Ltd=== "Harry Canyon" ===Original story by Daniel Goldberg and Len Blum; based on The Long Tomorrow by Moebius.In a dystopian and crime-ridden New York City in 2031, cynical taxicab driver Harry Canyon narrates his day in film noir style, grumbling about his fares and frequent robbery attempts he thwarts with a disintegrator installed in the back of his seat. He stumbles into an incident where he rescues a red-haired young woman from Rudnick, a gangster who murdered her father. She explains that her father discovered the Loc-Nar, and they have been pursued relentlessly by people attempting to obtain it. Harry takes her to his apartment, where they have sex. She decides to sell the Loc-Nar to Rudnick and split the money with Harry. Rudnick is disintegrated by the Loc-Nar at the exchange, and she attempts to double-cross Harry to keep the money for herself. When she pulls out a gun, Harry uses the disintegrator on her. He keeps the money, and summarizes the incident as a "two-day ride with one hell of a tip".CastCrewMusic"Veteran of the Psychic Wars" by Blue Öyster Cult"True Companion" by Donald Fagen"Blue Lamp" by Stevie Nicks"Open Arms" by Journey"Heartbeat" by RiggsStudioAtkinson Film Arts=== "Den" ===Based on the character of the same name created by Richard Corben.A nerdy teenager finds a "green meteorite" near his house and adds it to his rock collection. During a lightning experiment, the orb hurls the young man into the world of Neverwhere, where he transforms into a naked, muscular man called Den, an acronym for his earth name, David Ellis Norman. There, Den witnesses a strange ritual, rescuing a beautiful young woman who is about to be sacrificed to Uhluhtc. Reaching safety, she introduces herself as Katherine Wells from the British colony of Gibraltar. The two start having sex, but are interrupted by the minions of Ard, an immortal man who wants to obtain the Loc-Nar for himself. After being taken to see Ard, Den demands to see Katherine. His request is ignored and Ard orders his men to castrate Den. Den fights off the soldiers and shoots Ard, who heals immediately. The girl turns out to be sleeping, encased in glass under a spell where only Ard can awaken her. Ard offers Den a deal: if he gets the Loc-Nar from the Queen and brings it to him, the girl will be released. Den agrees and infiltrates the palace along with Ard's best soldier, Norl. They are promptly caught by the Queen's guards, but she offers leniency if Den has sex with her. He complies, thereby distracting the Queen while the raiding party steals the Loc-Nar. Den escapes and races back to rescue Katherine from Ard. Recreating the lightning incident that drew him to Neverwhere, he is able to banish Ard and the Queen. Den suspects that they were teleported to Earth. Refusing the opportunity to take the Loc-Nar for himself, Den rides with Katherine into the sunset, content to remain in Neverwhere. As for the Loc-Nar, it rises into the sky and lands on a space station where it is picked up by someone else.CastJohn Candy as DenJackie Burroughs as Katherine WellsMartin Lavut as ArdMarilyn Lightstone as QueenAugust Schellenberg as NorlCrewJack Stokes – directorJerry Hibbert – producerRichard Corben – writerStudioVotetone=== "Captain Sternn" ===Based on the character of the same name created by Bernie Wrightson.On a space station, crooked space captain Lincoln F. Sternn is on trial by the 'Federation' for numerous serious charges, including murder, rape, piracy, fraud, armed theft, and a moving violation. Pleading "not guilty" against the advice of his lawyer Charlie, who fears Sternn will be found guilty and executed, Sternn explains that he expects to be acquitted because he bribed a witness named Hanover Fiste. Fiste takes the stand, revealing him to be the man who discovered the Loc-Nar aboard the station earlier. Fidgeting with the now marble-sized Loc-Nar as he testifies, Fiste initially praises Sternn's moral character, but the Loc-Nar begins influencing him to blurt out highly incriminating statements about Sternn instead. Becoming enraged at Sternn, Fiste changes into a hulking muscular brute that chases Sternn throughout the station, breaking through bulkheads and wreaking havoc. Eventually, he corners Sternn, who gives him his promised payoff, and he promptly shrinks back to his scrawny original form. Sternn opens a trap door under Fiste, ejecting him into space. The Loc-Nar enters Earth's atmosphere with Fiste's flaming severed hand still clinging to it.CastRodger Bumpass as Hanover FisteJoe Flaherty as Charlie, the lawyerDouglas Kenney as RegolianEugene Levy as Captain Lincoln F. SternnJohn Vernon as ProsecutorCrewJulian Szuchopa – directorPaul Sebella – directorBernie Wrightson – writerMusic"Reach Out" by Cheap TrickStudioBoxcar Animation Studios Inc=== "Neverwhere Land" ===Because of time constraints, a segment called "Neverwhere Land", which would have connected "Captain Sternn" to "B-17", was cut.The story follows the influence of the Loc-Nar upon the evolution of a planet, from the Loc-Nar landing in a body of water, influencing the rise of the industrial age, and a world war. This original story was created by Cornelius Cole III.The original rough animatics are set to a loop of the beginning of Pink Floyd's "Time". The 1996 VHS release included this segment at the end of the tape. On the DVD release, this segment is included as a bonus feature. In both released versions, the sequence is set to the music of "Passacaglia" (from Magnificat), composed and conducted by Krzysztof Penderecki and with animation studio being produced by Duck Soup Produckions.=== "B-17" ===A World War II B-17 bomber nicknamed the Pacific Pearl makes a difficult bombing run and suffers heavy damage with all of the crew except the pilot and co-pilot killed by gunfire. As the bomber limps home, the co-pilot goes back to check on the crew. Finding nothing but dead bodies, he notices the Loc-Nar trailing the plane. Informing the pilot, he heads back to the cockpit, when the Loc-Nar rams itself into the plane and reanimates the dead crew members as zombies. The co-pilot is killed, while the pilot parachutes away in time. He lands on an island where he finds a graveyard of airplanes from various times, along with the wrecked airplanes' zombified airmen, who surround him, sealing the horrified pilot's fate.CastDon Francks as Co-Pilot (Holden)George Touliatos as Pilot (Skip)Zal Yanovsky as NavigatorCrewBarrie Nelson – directorW. H. Stevens Jr. – producerDan O'Bannon – writerMusic"Heavy Metal (Takin' a Ride)" by Don FelderStudioAtkinson Film-Arts=== "So Beautiful & So Dangerous" ===Based on the comic of the same name by Angus McKie.Dr. Anrak, a prominent scientist, arrives at The Pentagon for a meeting regarding mysterious mutations that are plaguing the United States. At the meeting, the doctor tries to dismiss the occurrences. When he sees the Loc-Nar in the locket of Gloria, a beautiful buxom stenographer, he begins to behave erratically and motorboats her. A colossal starship drills through the roof and abducts the doctor and, by accident, Gloria. The ship's robot is irritated at Anrak, who is actually a malfunctioning android, but its mood changes when it sees Gloria. With the help of the ship's alien pilot Edsel and co-pilot Zeke, the robot convinces Gloria to stay on board and have "robot sex" (albeit off-screen). Meanwhile, Edsel and Zeke snort a huge amount of a powdered drug called Plutonian Nyborg before flying home, zoning out on the cosmos. Too intoxicated to fly straight, they crash-land unharmed in a huge space station.CastRodger Bumpass as Dr. AnrakJohn Candy as RobotJoe Flaherty as GeneralEugene Levy as Male Reporter / EdselAlice Playten as GloriaHarold Ramis as ZekePatty Dworkin as Female ReporterWarren Munson as SenatorCrewJohn Halas – directorAngus McKie – writerMusic"Queen Bee" by Grand Funk Railroad"I Must Be Dreamin'" by Cheap Trick"Crazy? (A Suitable Case for Treatment)" by Nazareth"All of You" by Don Felder"Prefabricated" by Trust"Heavy Metal" by Sammy HagarStudioHalas & Batchelor Animation Ltd=== "Taarna" ===Original story by Daniel Goldberg and Len Blum; based on  Arzach by Moebius.The Loc-Nar, now the size of a giant meteor, crashes into a volcano on another world and draws a large mass of curious people. As they begin to climb the volcano, it erupts and green slime covers the crowd, mutating them into an evil barbarian army. The mutants subsequently attack a nearby city of peaceful scholars. Desperate, the city leaders mentally summon the Taarakians, a once powerful yet now declining warrior race with whom the city had a pact, but the city falls before the call can be answered.Taarna, a beautiful and mute warrior and the last of the Taarakians, receives the summons. After ritually preparing herself, she and her avian mount fly to the beleaguered city, only to find the citizens dead. Determined to avenge them, she begins following the trail of their murderers and encounters a small band of the mutant barbarians. After killing them and with more information at hand, she travels towards the mutant camp, but she and her mount are captured.Taarna is tortured and thrown into an open pit, unconscious. Her mount escapes and rescues her. She tries going for the Loc-Nar, but the mutants pursue and shoot her mount down. The mutant leader faces Taarna in a duel to the death, wounding her, but Taarna manages to kill him. With the last of their strength, Taarna and her companion make a death flight to the volcano. As they approach, the Loc-Nar warns her off, claiming that sacrificing herself would be futile. Ignoring the Loc-Nar, Taarna unleashes the power imbued in her sword and dives into the volcano, destroying the Loc-Nar.CastPercy Rodriguez (uncredited) as Loc-NarThor Bishopric as BoyNed Conlon as Councilman #1Len Doncheff as Barbarian #1Don Francks as Barbarian #2Joseph Golland as Councilman #2Charles Joliffe as Councilman #3Mavor Moore as ElderAugust Schellenberg as TaarakCedric Smith as BartenderGeorge Touliatos as Barbarian #3Vlasta Vrána as Barbarian LeaderZal Yanovsky as Barbarian #4Music"E5150" by Black Sabbath"The Mob Rules" by Black Sabbath"Through Being Cool" by Devo=== "Epilogue" ===As the final story ends, the Loc-Nar that was terrorizing the girl destabilizes and begins breaking up. The girl flees it and her home. The Loc-Nar then explodes, destroying the mansion in the process. Taarna's reborn mount appears outside and the girl happily flies away on it. It is then revealed that Taarna's soul has been reincarnated in the girl, transforming her into a new Taarakian.CastPercy Rodriguez (uncredited) as Loc-NarMusic"Working in the Coal Mine" by Devo
102	Aristocats, The (1970)	Animation, Children's	In 1910, mother cat Duchess and her three kittens, Berlioz, Marie, and Toulouse, live in Paris, France with retired opera diva Madame Adelaide Bonfamille, and her English butler, Edgar. The cats are pampered pets that live a luxurious lifestyle and are very cultured in art and music, like their owner.While preparing her will with elderly lawyer Georges Hautecourt, Madame declares that her vast fortune will be first left to her cats, then revert to Edgar once they all pass away. Edgar overhears this through a speaking tube and, after erroneously calculating that he will die before he can claim his inheritance, plots to eliminate the cats. He sedates them by putting sleeping pills in a dish of cream, then drives them on his motorcycle out to the countryside in a basket. There, he is ambushed by two hounds named Napoleon and Lafayette, losing his hat, sidecar, umbrella, shoes, and the basket before escaping. The cats are left stranded in the countryside, while Madame Adelaide, Roquefort the mouse, and Frou-Frou the horse discover their absence.The next morning, Duchess meets a feral cat named Thomas O'Malley, who offers to guide her and the kittens to Paris. The group briefly hitchhikes in a milk truck before being chased out by the driver. Later, while crossing a railroad trestle, the cats narrowly avoid an oncoming train, and Marie falls into a river. O'Malley immediately dives in and rescues her, and is himself rescued by Amelia and Abigail Gabble, two English geese on holiday. The geese lead the cats to the outskirts of Paris, then depart to reunite with their inebriated Uncle Waldo. Meanwhile, Edgar returns to the countryside to retrieve his possessions (the only evidence that can incriminate him) from Napoleon and Lafayette and, after some difficulty, ultimately succeeds.Traveling across the rooftops of the city, the cats meet up with O'Malley's friend Scat Cat who performs the song "Ev'rybody Wants to Be a Cat" with several other cat musicians. After the band has departed, O'Malley and Duchess converse on a nearby rooftop while the kittens listen at a windowsill. Duchess' loyalty to Madame prompts her to decline O'Malley's marriage proposal. The next day, Duchess and the kittens return to Madame's mansion. Edgar finds them before Madame does, and places them in a sack, deciding to ship them to Timbuktu.Roquefort catches up with O'Malley at Duchess' instruction, and O'Malley returns to the mansion, sending Roquefort to find Scat Cat and his gang. Though he struggles to explain the situation to the alley cats, Roquefort successfully brings them to O'Malley's aid. O'Malley, the alley cats, and Frou-Frou fight Edgar, while Roquefort frees Duchess and the kittens. At the end of the fight, Edgar is locked in his own packing-case and sent to Timbuktu.The Aristocats return to Madame Adelaide, who, unaware of the reason for Edgar's departure, rewrites her will to exclude him. After adopting O'Malley into the family, Adelaide establishes a charity foundation, housing stray cats in the mansion. Scat Cat and his gang are the first to move in, and reprise their song so loudly that the two hound dogs can hear it out in the countryside.
103	All Dogs Go to Heaven 2 (1996)	Animation, Children's, Musical	57 years after the events of the first film, Charlie B. Barkin welcomes his friend, Itchy, to Heaven, but states that he is disillusioned by the afterlife. Their old nemesis, Carface Caruthers, steals Gabriel's Horn, but loses it somewhere over San Francisco in his attempt to escape with it. When the head angel Annabelle announces the horn's theft, Charlie submits his candidacy to retrieve it, reminding Annabelle of his familiarity with street life. Annabelle sends Charlie and Itchy to Earth to retrieve it, and gives them one miracle to use. Upon arrival in San Francisco, Charlie and Itchy attempt to indulge in their old habits, but they discover that they are ghosts, and therefore unable to interact with the physical world. At a tavern where Charlie is enchanted by a beautiful and charming Irish Setter named Sasha La Fleur, Carface appears in a corporeal form granted by a red dog collar created by Red, an elderly dog fortune teller who gives Charlie and Itchy equivalent collars effective for a single day. Unbeknownst to the duo, Red is actually a large demonic cat who intends to take the horn for himself with Carface's help.Charlie and Itchy meet Sasha and an 8-year-old human boy she is looking after named David, who ran away from home to become a street magician. Charlie uses his miracle to grant Sasha the ability to converse with David, who comes to believe that Charlie is his guardian angel. Charlie sees the horn being taken into an SFPD police station and recovers it, but in his reluctance to return to Heaven, he hides it in a lobster trap. After David's street performance ends in failure, he finally reveals that he believes that his father and stepmother, who are expecting a new baby, will care less for him once it is born. Charlie persuades him otherwise and promises to return him home, but privately expresses to Sasha his doubts on being able to fulfill his promise. Charlie and Itchy's collars vanish, and they once more become ghosts.Carface kidnaps David and orders Charlie to bring Gabriel's horn to Alcatraz Island and give it to Red in exchange for David's life. Determined to keep his word, Charlie satisfies Red's demand, and Red uses the horn to capture and imprison Heaven's canine angels in Alcatraz while opening a portal to permanently connect the human world to Hell. After a struggle against Red, Charlie regains the horn and plays it to free the angels and send Red and Carface – the latter having sold his soul for his collar – back to Hell. Charlie and Itchy are spirited away to Heaven, and Charlie gives the horn back to Annabelle in exchange for a new life. Charlie bids farewell to Itchy, who decides to remain in Heaven, and while Annabelle and Itchy return to Heaven, Charlie returns to San Francisco and happily reunites with Sasha and David. David returns home and reconciles with his relieved father and stepmother. Charlie and Sasha, who have become mates, are adopted by David's family as pets.   
104	Theodore Rex (1995)	Comedy	In an alternate futuristic society where humans and dinosaurs co-exist, a tough police detective named Katie Coltrane (Whoopi Goldberg) is paired with a Tyrannosaurus named Theodore Rex (George Newbern) to find the killer of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals leading them to a ruthless billionaire bent on killing off mankind by creating a new ice age.
105	Sgt. Bilko (1996)	Comedy	Master Sergeant Ernest G. Bilko is in charge of the motor pool at Fort Baxter, a small United States Army base that develops new military technology. Exploiting this position, he directs a number of scams, ranging from gambling to renting out military vehicles. His commanding officer, Colonel John Hall, overlooks Bilko's money-making schemes, as he is more concerned with problems in the "Hover Tank" that the base is designing.Major Colin Thorn, an officer from the U.S. Army Inspector General's office, arrives at the camp and begins to scrutinize Bilko's record. Officially, Thorn is at Fort Baxter to conduct a general inspection and determine if the base should remain open in light of recent defense cutbacks. He is also determined to get revenge on Bilko to settle an old score the two have from Fort Dix, where Thorn was nearly court-martialed after a fixed boxing match which resulted in Thorn being shipped off to Greenland in the belief that he tried to fix the fight.Bitter and unprincipled, Thorn is not above breaking the law to ruin Bilko. He attempts to steal Bilko's long-time fiancée Rita, whom Bilko has stood up at the altar more than a dozen times. Rita is tired of waiting and gives Bilko 30 days to win her back or lose her for good.Bilko, with the help of newly assigned Private First Class Wally Holbrook, devises a means of avoiding Thorn's attempt to transfer him to Greenland: He gets Thorn to think the Hover Tank works, then rigs a demonstration of it staged before a four-star general and numerous government officials, after Thorn had deliberately tried to sabotage the tank the previous night. As a result, Thorn confronts Bilko, Hall, and the general, loudly insulting Bilko and Hall, until he unwittingly confesses to sabotaging the Hover Tank. Thorn is sent off again to Greenland.The last day of Rita's ultimatum has come. Just as she sadly begins to write Bilko off forever, Rita hears men outside her house, serenading her with a  favorite song of hers and Bilko's. Looking out, she sees Bilko and his platoon. Bilko asks Rita to marry him, and she accepts. The next day is their wedding day, but Rita shows up late, due to a mix-up over Daylight Saving Time. After they play another card game (if Bilko wins, they get married), they finally get married. Unknown to Bilko, Rita is holding four aces in her hand.
106	Diabolique (1996)	Drama, Thriller	Mia Baran is a devout Catholic schoolteacher at a boys' school outside Pittsburgh where her husband, Guy, is schoolmaster. Guy is abusive to the weak Mia, a former nun who suffers from cardiomyopathy; his mistress, Nicole Horner, a fellow teacher at the school, is protective of Mia. When both women grow tired of his abuses, they collaborate to murder him in an apartment owned by a family friend of Nicole's. The women lure him there, and Mia drugs him before they successfully drown him in a bathtub. They wrap his body in a shower curtain and place it in a wicker box.While en route to the school, Nicole crashes Guy's car in a pileup on the interstate, but the wicker box goes unnoticed by authorities. The women arrive at the school in the middle of the night, and dump Guy's corpse in the unkempt swimming pool on the property, staging his death as an accidental drowning. When his body fails to rise to the surface after several days, Nicole has the pool drained, but Guy's body is nowhere to be found. The women subsequently discover photos taken of them on the day of Guy's murder, and believe someone is blackmailing them.After reading about the discovery of a John Doe in a nearby river, Mia goes to view the body at the sheriff's station, but finds it is not Guy. There, she attracts the attention of Shirley Vogel, a retired police officer-turned-private investigator who offers to look into Guy's disappearance. Nicole is resistant, and Shirley quickly becomes suspicious of the women. Their fears of a blackmailer are confirmed when Mia discovers the shower curtain used to conceal Guy's body hanging in her bathroom window.Shirley confronts Mia with the accident report from Guy's car, and surmises that Guy was en route to see her in Pittsburgh on the day he disappeared. Mia grows increasingly paranoid, believing Guy is alive and stalking the women. This fear increases when two videographers filming an event at the school capture an image of Guy standing in one of the building's windows. Later, while investigating the school's basement, Shirley is attacked and knocked unconscious.That night, Mia finds Guy floating in her bathtub, and witnesses him rise from the water. Terrified, she loses consciousness and collapses, apparently suffering a heart attack. Nicole arrives, and it is revealed that she and Guy had planned the series of events to scare Mia to the point of heart failure. Nicole laments, however, and tells Guy she had wanted to call it off. While overlooking Mia's body, Nicole realizes she is in fact not dead; when Guy realizes she is alive, he attacks both women, knocking Nicole unconscious.Mia flees downstairs, and Guy tackles her to the ground in front of the pool and attempts to drown her. Nicole manages to stop him by driving a garden rake into his head, and he falls into the pool. As Nicole attempts to revive Mia, Guy pulls her into the pool and tries to drown her. Mia enters the pool, and together, both women successfully drown him. They exit the pool and are confronted by Shirley, who punches Mia in the face; willing to cover for the women, she explains it will help prove self-defense in Guy's murder. Mia walks away from the pool, distraught, and Shirley smokes a cigarette while watching Guy's body sink to the bottom.
107	Moll Flanders (1996)	Drama	Moll Flanders is a 1996 American period drama film starring Robin Wright and Morgan Freeman, loosely based on the 1722 novel of the same name by Daniel Defoe. The film, which vastly differs from the original novel, was written and directed by Pen Densham. The original music score was composed by Mark Mancina.
108	Kids in the Hall: Brain Candy (1996)	Comedy	Kids in the Hall: Brain Candy is a 1996 Canadian comedy film written by and starring the Canadian comedy troupe The Kids in the Hall. Directed by Kelly Makin and filmed in Toronto, it followed the five-season run (1988-1995) of their television series The Kids in the Hall, which had been successful in both Canada and the United States.
109	Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Movie (1996)	Comedy, Sci-Fi	The film opens with mad scientist Dr. Clayton Forrester, working from an underground laboratory, explaining the premise of the film (and associated series). Mike Nelson and the robots Crow T. Robot and Tom Servo, along with Gypsy, are aboard the Satellite of Love high in Earth's orbit, when Forrester forces them to watch the film This Island Earth to break their wills; as in the television series, Mike, Crow and Tom riff the film as it plays.The film-riffing scenes are book-ended and interspersed with short, unrelated sketches:In the introduction, Crow attempts to dig through the ship's hull to return to Earth.Crow and Tom dare Mike to drive the Satellite himself, but he ends up crashing into the Hubble Space Telescope.Tom reveals that he has an "interocitor" like that used in This Island Earth. The gang tries to use Tom's device to return to Earth, but they instead contact a Metalunan (the alien race from the film) who is unable to help them to figure out how to use it correctly but does accidentally repeatedly zap Tom's head with a laser beam.After This Island Earth finishes, Mike, Crow, and Tom are nowhere near broken and are having a party on the satellite. Furious at his failure, Forrester attempts to use his own interocitor to harm them, but only succeeds in transporting himself into the shower of the Metalunan previously seen.During the credits, the film breaks the fourth wall as the crew returns to the theater and riffs on MST3k: The Movie's ending credits.
110	Operation Dumbo Drop (1995)	Action, Adventure, Comedy, War	During the Vietnam War in 1968, Green Beret Captain Sam Cahill has been working hard to create good relations between the United States and Montagnard Vietnamese in the village of Dak Nhe, which occupies an important observation point near the clandestine Ho Chi Minh trail. Cahill is coming close to his discharge, and explains to his successor, Captain T.C. Doyle, the delicate nature of Vietnamese customs as well as the counterintelligence involving covert enemy activity.In a lapse of judgment with surrounding village children, a child steals a Nestlé Crunch bar from Doyle's backpack. When the wrapper is discovered, the NVA sees it as proof of the local villagers' cooperation with the Americans. As punishment, Brigadier Nguyen of the NVA, orders his subordinate, Captain Quang, to kill the villagers' elephant right before a spiritual festival. To aid the villagers, Cahill promises to replace the slain elephant before their upcoming ceremony while Doyle (whom the villagers blame for the elephant's death) reluctantly agrees to help.At camp, Major Pederson assigns Cahill and Doyle, with Doyle in command, to secure and deliver a new elephant to the villagers, as well as two soldiers, Specialist 4 Harvey Ashford and Specialist 5 Lawrence Farley. Cahill blackmails Chief Warrant Officer 3 David Poole into helping as well. They purchase an elephant known as Bo Tat (Bồ Tát) from a local Vietnamese trader. They also agree to take along Bo Tat's child handler, Linh, who has experience with verbal commands in guiding the elephant. Along the way, NVA soldiers attempt to stop them. Following a failed air transport, the soldiers use a combination of methods to reach Pleiku Air Base before the final stage of their journey to Dak Nhe.At Pleiku Air Base, Major Pederson notifies the captains that the mission has been cancelled. The Ho Chi Minh Trail has changed direction, and they no longer need the support of the local village. A CIA airstrip near Dak Nhe has already been destroyed by the NVA, making a landing by plane impossible. Against regulations, they commandeer a cargo aircraft, intending to parachute themselves and Bo Tat into Dak Nhe. The aircraft comes under enemy fire, forcing them and Bo Tat to parachute out early. Quang, having been ordered by Nguyen to kill Bo Tat, refuses to do so this time, explaining "I did not join this army to shoot elephants, especially ones that fly."The soldiers land unharmed in and around the village, except for Ashford, who gets stuck in a tree and becomes separated from the rest.NVA forces suddenly appear, threatening to take the remaining soldiers hostage and kill the elephant. Ashford, however, is able to free himself and create a diversion long enough to distract and incapacitate the NVA troops. The villagers hold their festival with Bo Tat in the place of honor. When Cahill radios the air base, he is informed that the supply route has changed direction again, back to the village. That fact, combined with their capture of high-ranking enemy officers, has prompted the U.S. Army to sanction their relief mission post-facto, and confirm Doyle's original mission, to replace Cahill as liaison officer in the village.
111	Truth About Cats & Dogs, The (1996)	Comedy, Romance	Abby Barnes is a veterinarian and host of a radio show called The Truth About Cats and Dogs. Photographer Brian calls into her show for advice, and unexpectedly sends her a gift and calls her at work to ask her out; she agrees to meet. Her insecurity about her appearance leads her to lie to him over the phone and describe herself with the physical features of her neighbor Noelle. She stands him up. After intervening in an argument between Noelle and her abusive boyfriend Roy, the two women become friends. Brian shows up unexpectedly at Abby's work at the same time as Noelle, and Abby convinces her to pretend she is Abby.Abby adopts the persona of Donna, friend to Noelle (posing as Abby) and the two begin spending time with Brian together. They invent a story that Abby uses a different voice on the radio than in real life. He is physically attracted to Noelle, but notices that "Abby" has a distinctly different (and decidedly less intellectual) personality in person than on the radio and phone. When he calls the real Abby to ask her out again, he asks her to use her "radio voice" and the two spend nearly seven hours on the phone getting to know one another.The two women decide to tell Brian the truth by way of Noelle showing up at his home while Abby is live on the radio, but when Noelle arrives, she is entranced by the many kind things he says about her personality and intelligence (even though he is actually talking about Abby). She fails to tell him the truth, which nearly causes a rift between the women, but ultimately Noelle realizes that flattery about someone else may feel good in the moment but is not authentic. She takes a two-week modeling gig out of town in order to put space between herself and Brian.Noelle returns and tells Brian to make a list of the things he loves about Abby, and to meet at Abby's apartment that night. He does, and reads the list to "Donna". The first few things on the list are about Noelle's appearance, but then the list evolves into more important things about Abby that Brian has truly fallen in love with. He professes his love through the bathroom door thinking "Abby" is bathing inside, but gets no response. He then notices flyers for a charity event Abby is attending, complete with her photo, and realizes the truth.Abby later approaches Brian at his bar, apologizing for her deceit and explains what really happened. Although initially dismissive, he eventually meets with Abby again and admits he has fallen for her and was only attracted to Noelle because of their deception. He suggests they start again, and Abby happily agrees.
112	Flipper (1996)	Adventure, Children's	Sandy Ricks is sent off for the summer to stay with his Uncle Porter in the seaside town of Coral Key. Initially, Sandy is unenthusiastic and disappointed that he is not going to a Red Hot Chili Peppers concert. His mood remains unchanged even after meeting Cathy, a local shopkeeper with whom his uncle carries on a flirtatious relationship, and Kim, a girl his own age.While out on Porter's fishing trawler, they meet Porter's enemy, Dirk Moran. Nearby, a pod of bottlenose dolphins is frolicking near Dirk's boat. As a big game fisherman, Dirk Moran makes it plain that he hates just about every other fish-eating animal on earth and shoots at the pod, which ends with a dolphin being fatally shot. Sandy meets a dolphin that escaped Dirk's shooting and eventually names it Flipper.The next morning, Porter and Sandy are paid a visit by Sheriff Buck Cowan, who explains that they cannot keep the dolphin unless he is in captivity. That night, Sandy and Kim set out on a dinghy to look for Flipper. They fail to locate the dolphin but see the dumping of barrels off of Dirk Moran's boat. The next morning, as Kim arrives looking for Sandy, Pete, Porter's pet brown pelican, comes running as if asking her to follow him. Pete leads Kim to Flipper, who is beached on the shore and sick. They manage to cure Flipper anyhow.Cathy determines that Flipper has been poisoned by toxic waste, which is also shown to have been ruining the local fishing. The group uses Flipper's ability of echolocation and a special camera attached to his head to help them locate the barrels of toxic waste. Flipper also manages to locate and reunite with the rest of his pod, dropping the camera in the process. Porter rushes back to alert the sheriff about the barrels. Sandy, however, becomes concerned that something has happened to Flipper, and without informing anyone except Cathy's young son, Marvin, he sets off in the dinghy to find him.Sandy barely survives an encounter with Dirk Moran's boat, which dismantles the dinghy. He sees an approaching dorsal fin and thinks it is Flipper, but it is actually Scar, a large great hammerhead shark that has been lurking in the island's waters and is rumored to have taken out a tourist boat. Sandy swims for his life towards Dirk's boat. As Scar is about to attack Sandy, Flipper appears and starts nose-butting him in the gills. There is a harrowing moment when Scar proves stronger than Flipper, but Flipper's dolphin pod comes to his aid in the nick of time and drives Scar away. Dirk Moran is then arrested by the sheriff for illegally dumping toxic waste and attempting to kill Sandy since he knew that he saw them that night.The next morning, when Sandy's mother Martha and younger sister Bua arrive to pick him up, there is a commotion. It is Flipper, who has come to see Sandy off.
113	Horseman on the Roof, The (Hussard sur le toit, Le) (1995)	Drama	In July 1832, Italian patriots hiding out in Aix, France, are betrayed by one of their own, and Austrian agents are on their trail. One patriot, Giacomo, is dragged away and executed. His wife runs off to warn their friend, Angelo Pardi (Olivier Martinez), a young Italian nobleman in France raising money for the Italian revolution against Austrian Empire. As the agents descend on his apartment, Angelo escapes into the countryside.At Meyrargues, Angelo looks for his compatriot and childhood friend, Maggionari, and then continues on to another village, where he writes to his mother, "Always fleeing. When can I fight and show what your son can do?" His mother purchased his commission as a colonel in the Piedmont Hussars, and he's never seen battle. Angelo encounters Maggionari, who turns out to be the traitor. When the Austrian agents arrive, Angelo fights them off and escapes.The next day, Angelo enters a village ravaged by a cholera epidemic. The sight of the corpses abandoned to the scavenging crows sickens him. He meets a country physician, who shows him how to treat cholera victims by vigorously rubbing alcohol on the skin. Angelo continues north, passing a small village where corpses are being burned. He meets a young woman and two children and accompanies them to the outskirts of Manosque. The young woman, who is a tutor and lover of books, gives him a copy of Rinaldo and Armida as a parting gift.While in Manosque, Angelo is captured by a paranoid mob who accuse him of poisoning the town fountain. He is taken to the authorities, who soon abandon their posts in fear. Angelo searches for a compatriot, but encounters the Austrian agents. Angelo eludes them, and with sword in hand, fights his way through the hysterical mob and escapes across the rooftops. From his refuge above the town, Angelo watches one of the agents chased down and beaten to death, and later watches the piles of corpses being burned in the night.To escape the rain, Angelo enters a dwelling where he is discovered by Countess Pauline de Théus (Juliette Binoche). Apologizing for his presence, Angelo reassures her that he is a gentleman. Pauline offers him food and drink, and soon he falls asleep from exhaustion. The following morning, Pauline is gone and Angelo joins the forced evacuation of the town. In the hills outside Manosque, Angelo meets his compatriot, Giuseppe, who possesses money raised for the Italian resistance, but which cannot now be delivered because of the quarantine and roadblocks. Angelo agrees to deliver the money to Milan using backroads. Before leaving, he encounters the traitor, Maggionari, who attempts to kill Angelo before succumbing to cholera.Angelo and Pauline meet again, and she joins him in a daring river escape. At Les Mées, rather than head east toward the Italian border, Angelo accompanies Pauline north toward her castle near Gap. Angelo insists it is his duty, so they set off through the countryside, avoiding the plague-ridden towns. Forced to camp out in the open, romantic feelings develop between the two, but Angelo remains gallant. Asked if he comes from a military family, Angelo reveals he never knew his father, saying, "He came to Italy with Napoleon, then left." Everything he learned in life came from his mother.The next day, they travel to a heavily garrisoned village where they visit a friend of Pauline's husband and learn that he returned to Manosque to search for her. Determined to find her husband, Pauline leaves Angelo and rides off. Angelo follows, only to see her captured by the militia, who take her into quarantine at a convent. Knowing if she stays there she will die, Angelo surrenders to the militia in order to rescue her. Pauline understands he's risked his life again for her. Angelo orchestrates another daring escape by setting fire to the convent. Impressed by Angelo's bravery and intelligence, Pauline promises to trust the young Piedmont Hussard, saying, "I'll obey you like a soldier." Their mutual affection continues to grow as they make their way toward her castle at Théus.As night descends, they seek shelter from the rain in a small abandoned mansion, where they warm themselves at the fireplace and drink wine. Pauline conveys her feelings for him, but Angelo remains a gentleman. Pauline recounts how she met her husband, forty years her senior. She was a sixteen-year-old country doctor's daughter when she found him near death with a bullet in his chest. Her father saved his life, and she tended to him for days, nursing him back to health. When he recovered, he left without revealing his identity, but six months later, he returned and asked for her hand in marriage—revealing he was a Count with extensive property.Angelo prepares to leave, but Pauline decides to stay in the mansion for the night. As she climbs the staircase, she collapses showing symptoms of cholera. Angelo rushes her to the fireplace, rips the clothing from her body, and vigorously rubs alcohol on her skin—tending to her throughout the night trying to save her life. In the morning, Angelo is awakened by Pauline's frail but loving touch. Soon they are back on the road, completing the last few miles to Pauline's castle, where they are met by her husband, Count Laurent de Théus. Angelo leaves and returns to Italy to fight in the revolution.One year later, Pauline returns to Aix where everything appears as it once was—but the cholera has taken a heavy toll. She looks for the house near the Bishop's Palace where Angelo stayed. She writes letters to Angelo, inquiring after his condition. Another year passes, and Pauline finally receives a letter from Angelo at the castle. She walks off alone to read it, while the Count watches from a window, knowing Angelo's memory would not fade. Pauline looks east towards the snow-covered Alps that separate her from Italy and Colonel Angelo Pardi, the young gallant officer who once saved her life.
114	Wallace & Gromit: The Best of Aardman Animation (1996)	Animation	Wallace & Gromit is a British claymation comedy franchise created by Nick Park and produced by Aardman Animations. The series centres on Wallace, a good-natured, eccentric, cheese-loving bachelor inventor, and Gromit, his loyal and intelligent anthropomorphic dog. It consists of four short films, two feature-length films, and numerous spin-offs and TV adaptations. The first short film, A Grand Day Out, was finished and released in 1989. Wallace has been voiced by Peter Sallis and Ben Whitehead. While Wallace speaks very often, Gromit is largely silent and has no dialogue, communicating through facial expressions and body language. Because of their popularity, the characters have been described as positive international cultural icons of both modern British culture and British people in general. BBC News called them "some of the best-known and best-loved stars to come out of the UK". Icons has said they have done "more to improve the image of the English world-wide than any officially appointed ambassadors". Park has stated that he was inspired by his childhood through the 1950s and 1960s in Lancashire in Northern England. The setting is deliberately ambiguous: the overall style resembles the 1960s, but numerous anachronisms abound, such as the use of 21st-century technology. Although Wigan is seen at the end of Wallace's alliterative home address on his letters, his accent comes from the Holme Valley of West Yorkshire, and he is especially fond of Wensleydale cheese (from North Yorkshire). Their films have been widely praised, with the first three short films, A Grand Day Out (1989), The Wrong Trousers (1993) and A Close Shave (1995) earning 100% on Rotten Tomatoes; the feature film Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit (2005) has also received acclaim. The film is the second-highest-grossing stop-motion animated film, outgrossed only by Chicken Run (2000), another creation of Park's. A fourth short film, A Matter of Loaf and Death, was released in 2008. A second full-length feature film, Wallace & Gromit: Vengeance Most Fowl — marking the return of the penguin Feathers McGraw, the villain from The Wrong Trousers — was released in 2024. The franchise has received numerous accolades, including seven BAFTAs, three Academy Awards and a Peabody Award.
115	Haunted World of Edward D. Wood Jr., The (1995)	Documentary	Edward Davis Wood Jr. (October 10, 1924 – December 10, 1978) was an American filmmaker, actor, and pulp novelist. In the 1950s, Wood directed several low-budget science fiction, crime and horror films that later became cult classics, notably Glen or Glenda (1953), Jail Bait (1954), Bride of the Monster (1955), Plan 9 from Outer Space (1957) and Night of the Ghouls (1959). In the 1960s and 1970s, he moved towards sexploitation and pornographic films such as The Sinister Urge (1960), Orgy of the Dead (1965) and Necromania (1971), and wrote over 80 lurid pulp crime and sex novels. Notable for their campy aesthetics, technical errors, unsophisticated special effects, use of poorly-matched stock footage, eccentric casts, idiosyncratic stories and non sequitur dialogue, Wood's films remained largely obscure until he was posthumously awarded a Golden Turkey Award for Worst Director of All Time in 1980, renewing public interest in his life and work. Following the publication of Rudolph Grey's 1992 oral biography Nightmare of Ecstasy: The Life and Art of Edward D. Wood Jr., a biopic of his life, Ed Wood (1994), was directed by Tim Burton. Starring Johnny Depp as Wood and Martin Landau as Bela Lugosi, the film received critical acclaim and various awards, including two Academy Awards for Best Makeup and Best Supporting Actor for Landau respectively.
116	Cold Comfort Farm (1995)	Comedy	Cold Comfort Farm is a comic novel by English author Stella Gibbons, published in 1932. It parodies the romanticised, sometimes doom-laden accounts of rural life popular at the time, by writers such as Mary Webb. The novel was awarded the Femina Vie Heureuse Prize in 1933.
117	Rock, The (1996)	Action, Adventure, Thriller	After many failed attempts to get his fallen men the recognition they deserved via the proper channels and fed up with the U.S. Government’s underhanded tactics, USMC Brigadier General Francis Hummel and his rogue group of Force Recon Marines, including his loyal subordinate Major Tom Baxter, steal 15 rockets filled with lethal VX gas from a U.S. Navy facility. The next day, they seize control of Alcatraz Island, taking the tourists and guards hostage. Hummel contacts the FBI and threatens to launch the rockets at the San Francisco Bay Area unless the government pays him $100 million, of which some will be donated to each family of the men who died during his command but were never compensated. The Department of Defense and the FBI both attempt to retake Alcatraz by infiltrating the old tunnel system beneath the island, with Navy SEALs led by Commander Anderson. They recruit FBI chemical weapons specialist Stanley Goodspeed to join them and disarm the rockets safely. With no knowledge of the latest architecture of the tunnels whatsoever, FBI Director Womack and others reluctantly call on the aid of the imprisoned John Mason, a former British MI6 and SAS operative and the only man to escape Alcatraz after he stole a microfilm created by J. Edgar Hoover containing classified U.S. information. Mason refused to reveal the microfilm's location after being captured, knowing he would be killed and was imprisoned without trial. Mason agrees after signing a pardon that clears his record, though Womack destroys it shortly thereafter. Mason escapes and leads the FBI on a car chase, causing a rampage through the city before being caught by Goodspeed when he meets with his estranged daughter, Jade. At the command center, Mason negotiates to join the team heading to Alcatraz. The team infiltrates the prison, but Hummel's men are alerted to their presence and ambush them in the shower room. Hummel tries to convince Anderson to surrender, but the zealous Captain Frye and Captain Darrow deliberately cause a shootout that kills Anderson and his team. Mason and Goodspeed manage to evade them. Believing the mission to be a failure, Mason prepares to leave until Goodspeed reveals the truth about the VX, explaining that Mason's daughter and his pregnant fiancée, Carla (who came to San Francisco despite Goodspeed telling her to stay home), would be killed as well. Mason works together with Goodspeed to disable twelve rockets and kill several Marines. After Hummel threatens to execute a hostage, Mason surrenders to stall him while Goodspeed disables another rocket before also being captured. They escape from their cells, but Mason, having assessed Hummel as a soldier who doesn't kill innocents, leaves, with Goodspeed continuing on his own. Caught and held at gunpoint, Goodspeed is forced to surrender, but Mason saves him, convinced that Goodspeed's unborn child needs its father. As the ransom deadline passes, Frye and Darrow pressure Hummel into firing a rocket, but he redirects it to detonate in the sea. Hummel explains the rockets were a bluff and that he never intended to kill anyone. Realizing they will not be paid, Frye and Darrow convince the remaining soldiers to mutiny against Hummel and Baxter. Baxter is killed and Hummel is mortally wounded but tells Goodspeed the location of the last rocket. With the SEALs dead, the government attempts to launch a secondary measure: an airstrike aimed at destroying Alcatraz with experimental thermite plasma bombs, which will neutralize the gas but kill everyone on the island. Goodspeed and Mason kill the remaining Marines before Goodspeed launches green flares, a signal that the attack be aborted. However, one of the bombs was already dropped at the back of the island. The blast throws Goodspeed into the bay, but Mason saves him from drowning. Goodspeed confirms the mission's success to Womack but claims Mason was killed in the explosion before telling Mason that Womack shredded his pardon. The pair part ways amicably, with Goodspeed telling Mason the location of fake papers and money. Mason suggests Goodspeed attend a church in Kansas where he kept the microfilm. Sometime later, Goodspeed and his newly wedded wife, Carla, recover the microfilm from the church.
118	Twister (1996)	Action, Adventure, Thriller	On an Oklahoma farm in 1969, young Jo Harding, her parents, and their dog take shelter from an F5 tornado that destroys their farm and kills Jo's father as he tries to secure their cellar door. Twenty-seven years later, Jo is a tornado-obsessed meteorologist leading a team of storm chasers. Her estranged husband, Bill, an ex-storm chaser turned television weatherman, travels to Oklahoma with his fiancée Melissa to obtain Jo's signature on their divorce papers. Jo shows Bill the realized "Dorothy", a device containing hundreds of small weather sensors that he conceptualized. Dorothy could revolutionize tornado research and potentially provide an earlier storm-warning system, but the device must be deployed dangerously close to a tornado to work. Jo's team rushes off to chase a developing storm, failing to sign the papers, forcing Bill and Melissa to follow.Jonas Miller, a rival storm chaser and former colleague with corporate funding, stole Bill's idea for his own Dorothy-like device, Dot3, which he plans to deploy first and claim credit for the design. Enraged, Bill agrees to accompany Jo and the team for one day to launch Dorothy. As the team pursues a developing tornado, Jo's truck runs into a ditch. Jo and Bill shelter under a bridge as the tornado destroys the vehicle and one of the four Dorothy prototypes. With more storms developing, Bill leads the team in his own truck, chasing an F2 tornado. They encounter Jonas's team just as Bill predicts a change in the tornado's path and diverts their course. The team visits Jo's Aunt Meg in nearby Wakita for rest and food. The team then scrambles to chase a developing twister. Jo and Bill intercept an F3 tornado with unpredictable movements. It knocks over powerlines that crush Dorothy II. With the truck damaged, Bill forces them to retreat, but Jo undergoes an emotional breakdown over the failure, and unloads about her motivations and her father's death. Bill admits his feelings for Jo, unaware that Melissa is overhearing them through the CB radio.The team overnights in Fairview to repair their vehicles. While there, Jo signs the papers. A nocturnal F4 wedge tornado forces the team and others into a garage pit near a drive-in theater for protection. The tornado destroys the garage and two team vehicles, and injures several people before proceeding toward Wakita. Before the team rushes there, Melissa ends her relationship with Bill, encouraging him to reunite with Jo.The town's storm sirens provide little warning time ahead of the tornado, which leaves Wakita in ruins and flattens Aunt Meg's house. The team, however, rescues Aunt Meg and her dog. The National Severe Storms Laboratory forecasts that a potentially record-breaking tornado will form the next day. Inspired by Aunt Meg's wind-vane sculptures, Bill and Jo add aluminum "wings" to the last two Dorothy prototype sensors, making them more aerodynamic.True to the forecast, a mile-wide F5 tornado forms the next day, and the team pursues it. Bill and Jo attempt to place Dorothy III in its path; however, the device is knocked over and destroyed by an airborne tree. Meanwhile, Jonas attempts to deploy Dot3, ignoring Bill and Jo's warnings that the tornado is changing direction and headed straight at him. The tornado sweeps Jonas's truck away, killing him and his driver Eddie and destroying Dot3. With the last remaining Dorothy affixed to the bed of Bill's truck, Bill and Jo drive directly at the tornado, then jump out, sacrificing the truck to ensure that Dorothy IV can release its probes into the wedge. The gamble is successful, as Dorothy IV's probes provide immediate scientific data, but without their truck, Jo and Bill are forced to run as the tornado shifts toward them. Inside a nearby pumphouse, they strap themselves to deep pipes. As the building rips away, the F5's core passes over them and they find themselves inverted in the vortex. After the tornado dissipates, the team celebrates their success while Jo and Bill reconcile.
119	Maya Lin: A Strong Clear Vision (1994)	Documentary	Maya Lin: A Strong Clear Vision is a 1994 American documentary film made by Freida Lee Mock. It explores the life of American artist Maya Lin, whose best-known work is the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C. The film won the 1994 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. While a number of movie critics objected to it receiving this award, Maya Lin: A Strong Clear Vision met with mostly positive reviews, garnering praise for its look at the controversy surrounding the Vietnam Veterans Memorial design and Lin's growth as an artist. In 2023, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
120	Striptease (1996)	Comedy, Crime	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant loses custody of her seven-year-old daughter Angela to her ex-husband Darrell, having recently lost her job because of his arrest record, as he was a drug addict who dealt in illegal drugs. To obtain the $15,000 needed to afford an appeal to retrieve her, Erin becomes a stripper at the Eager Beaver strip club in Miami. She attempts to probe his whereabouts from his older sister Rita, as he often relocates without informing Erin and uses Angela to steal wheelchairs from hospitals before selling them on the black market.Congressman David Lane Dilbeck, representing Florida's 5th congressional district, visits the club and becomes infatuated with Erin. Aware of his embarrassing indulgences, patron Jerry Killian approaches Erin with a plan to manipulate Dilbeck and settle the custody dispute in her favor. However, as Dilbeck is the chairman of the subcommittee on sugar, he has powerful business connections, including lobbyist Malcolm J. Moldowsky, his right-hand man, and father-and-son sugar barons Willie and Chris Rojo, whose price supports are worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Consequently, those who could potentially humiliate him in an election are murdered.Attorney Alan Mordecai, who has acquired photos of the night when Dilbeck became intoxicated at the club and assaulted fellow patron Paul Guber, his client, invites Shad, a bouncer and the club's head of security, to join him in a scheme to blackmail Dilbeck. Meanwhile, Jerry turns up dead in Lake Okeechobee while Miami Police Department Lieutenant Al Garcia is on vacation there with his wife Donna and son Andy, and an autopsy reveals that he was drowned in tap water before being discarded in the lake. Finding photos of Erin all over Jerry's apartment, Garcia ventures to the Eager Beaver. There, Erin explains her current dilemma and asks him to ensure that the Dade County police department drops Darrell as an informant for the vice squad. This way, during her appeal, he can be exposed as a criminal. Fully sympathetic to her plight, he complies. However, L.W. Fingerhut, the judge overseeing Erin's case in civil court, suffers a fatal heart attack and is pronounced dead on arrival at the hospital, causing her appeal to be delayed by six months. To protect Angela, Erin retrieves her from Rita's care, having found Darrell's address by stealing her mail.Mordecai approaches Dilbeck with the photo from the Eager Beaver, thus agitating Malcolm further. After Erin takes Angela to work, Darrell ambushes her in her car outside the club at knifepoint, but his arm is broken by Shad, who appears and rescues her. After Erin finishes her shift, Garcia arrives, shows her the blackmail photo and tells her to contact him if she is threatened, now fully aware why Jerry was murdered.Dilbeck's personal interest in Erin persists, so she is invited to perform privately for him. He asks her to become his lover and later his wife, despite his staff becoming increasingly concerned. Malcolm threatens Erin with putting Angela in state care if she talks about Dilbeck to anyone. Eventually, Mordecai turns up dead, increasing Garcia's concern for her. Dilbeck and Malcolm then debate whether to kill Erin or simply silence her by threatening to take away her daughter. However, Erin, suspecting Dilbeck's complicity in the murders, concocts a plan to trap him. Malcolm, aware of Erin's contact with Garcia and her FBI background, suggests Dilbeck invite Erin for another private show, planning to kill her afterwards. She goes alone, but an intoxicated Darrell arrives and assaults Malcolm. Darrell then interrupts the dance, allowing Erin to retreieve a gun and force him and Dilbeck to the nearby Belle Glade sugar refinery, where she has arranged for TV crews to arrive for a news conference. En route, Erin forces Darrell to write a note releasing custody of Angela to her and, once there, tricks Dilbeck into confessing to the murders on tape. As Malcolm arrives, Garcia serendipitously appears along with the news crew, and Dilbeck is soon after arrested. Erin, having regained full guardianship of Angela, thanks Garcia and Shad for assisting her and jokingly expresses interest in Garcia running for Congress as Dilbeck's replacement.
121	Independence Day (ID4) (1996)	Action, Sci-Fi, War	On July 2, 1996, an extraterrestrial mother ship enters Earth's orbit outside the Moon and deploys its flying saucers, each 15 mi (24 km) in diameter, over major cities worldwide. U.S. Marine Captain Steven Hiller and his unit, the Black Knights fighter squadron stationed out of MCAS El Toro, are called back from Independence Day leave; his girlfriend, Jasmine Dubrow, decides to flee Los Angeles with her son, Dylan. Retired combat pilot Russell Casse, now an alcoholic single father and crop duster, sees this as vindication of the alien abduction he has been claiming for 10 years.In New York City, technician David Levinson decodes a signal embedded within global satellite transmissions, realizing that it is the aliens' countdown for a coordinated attack. Aided by his ex-wife, White House Communications Director Constance Spano, David and his father Julius reach the Oval Office in Washington, D.C. and alert President Thomas Whitmore.Whitmore orders evacuations of Los Angeles, New York City, and the District of Columbia, but it is too late. Each saucer fires a beam, incinerating every targeted city, killing millions. Whitmore, the Levinsons, and a few others barely escape aboard Air Force One while Jasmine, Dylan, and their dog Boomer take shelter in a tunnel's inspection alcove and escape the destruction of Los Angeles.On July 3, Earth's military retaliations against the invaders are thwarted by the alien warships' force fields. Each saucer launches shielded fighters, devastating the human fighter squadrons and military bases, including Captain Hiller's. Hiller lures an enemy fighter into the Grand Canyon before ejecting from his plane, blinding the fighter using his parachute and causing the alien to crash in the Mojave Desert. He subdues the downed alien and flags down a convoy of refugees, transporting the alien to Area 51, where Whitmore's plane has landed.U.S. Defense Secretary Albert Nimziki reveals that a government faction has been involved in a UFO conspiracy since 1947, when one of the invaders' fighters crashed near Roswell, New Mexico. Area 51 houses the refurbished ship and three alien corpses from the crash. Dr. Brackish Okun, the chief scientist, examines the alien captured by Steven, which awakens, telepathically invades Okun's mind, and psychically attacks Whitmore before being killed by Secret Service agents and military personnel. Whitmore learns the invaders' plan from the psychic attack; they intend to annihilate Earth's inhabitants and harvest its natural resources, as they have done to other civilizations.Whitmore reluctantly authorizes a trial nuclear attack against a saucer above Houston, but the ship is unharmed due to its force field, while the city is destroyed by the blast, and all subsequent nuclear attacks are aborted. Jasmine and Dylan commandeer a highway maintenance truck and rescue some survivors, including the critically injured First Lady, Marilyn Whitmore. Though Hiller rescues them and takes them back to Area 51, Marilyn succumbs to her injuries after reuniting with her family.On July 4, inspired by Julius, David plans to write a computer virus on his laptop and upload it into the mothership’s operating system to disable the aliens' shield. Hiller volunteers to pilot the alien ship armed with a tactical nuclear weapon to destroy the mothership. The U.S. military contacts the remaining forces and airborne squadrons through Morse code to organize a united counterattack. Lacking pilots, Whitmore and General William Grey enlist volunteers with flight experience, including Russell Casse from the refugee camp at Area 51, to fly the remaining jets. Hiller marries Jasmine, with David and Constance present, during which the divorced pair reconciles before leaving on the mission. Entering the alien mother ship, they upload the virus and launch the nuclear missile, destroying it and the alien invasion force before narrowly escaping. With the shields down, Whitmore's squadron engages a saucer targeting the Area 51 base. They exhaust their ammunition, and as the saucer readies to fire, Russell sacrifices himself by crashing into its primary weapon, destroying the warship. Grey orders notifications to resistance groups worldwide about the spaceships' critical weakness, leading to their destruction.As humanity celebrates its victory against the aliens, Hiller and David are rescued after surviving the crash, and are reunited with their families.
122	Cable Guy, The (1996)	Comedy	Architect Steven Kovacs moves into an apartment after a failed marriage proposal to his girlfriend Robin Harris. When the cable installer, Chip Douglas, arrives, Steven acts on advice from his friend Rick and bribes him to get him free movie channels. Chip makes Steven one of his preferred customers and, in return for his services, asks if he can see Steven socially, which Steven begrudgingly agrees to. On a visit to the city's central satellite dish, Chip confides to Steven about being raised by television when he was young, as his father was absent and his mother used television as a "babysitter".Chip proceeds to intrude more and more on Steven's life, alienating him from his friends, leaving multiple messages on his answering machine and installing an expensive home theater system as a gift. Steven rejects the gift but agrees to let Chip use his apartment to host a party for all of his preferred customers, where Steven has sex with a young woman whom Chip later reveals was a prostitute he hired for Steven. Upon this revelation, Steven angrily ejects Chip from his apartment. To make amends, Chip tracks down Robin, who is dating another man who he beats up and tells to stay away, and upgrades her cable, ostensibly as a gift from Steven. Robin decides to get back together with Steven as a result, but when Steven finds out Chip's hand in reuniting him with Robin, Steven politely ends his friendship with Chip.Devastated, Chip sets out on a series of vengeful acts; he has Steven arrested for possession of stolen property, embarrasses him at a family gathering, and has him fired from his job by transmitting a recorded private conversation in which Steven insults his boss onto the company's computers. He also reveals that his name is Larry Tate. Rick investigates the name and finds that he was fired from the cable company for using fake names and stalking customers. Steven receives a phone call from the cable guy, who tells him he is paying Robin a visit, making Steven rush to Robin's apartment. Finding it empty, Steven calls the police and tells them to hurry to where the cable guy has taken her: the central satellite dish.Arriving at the satellite dish first, Steven rescues Robin from the cable guy, who, as the police arrive, climbs to the top of the dish proclaiming that he must "kill the babysitter" to prevent others from becoming like him. He falls into the dish and cuts the television signal to the entire city, but survives. He apologizes to Steven for being a bad friend; Steven forgives him and asks for his real name, which he says is Ricky Ricardo. As he is airlifted away, one of the paramedics addresses him as "buddy"; when he asks if that's true and the paramedic confirms it, the cable guy smiles deviously, thinking he has found a new "friend".
123	Frighteners, The (1996)	Comedy, Horror	In 1964, in the town of Fairwater, Johnny Bartlett is executed for killing 12 people at a sanatorium, driven by his ambition to become the most prolific serial killer. His teenage lover, Patricia Ann Bradley, is treated as an accomplice and sentenced to prison. Many years later, she is released into her mother's care.In 1990, architect Frank Bannister is a selfish husband to his wife, Debra. During an argument, a drunk Frank crashes his car, and police later find Debra dead nearby with "13" carved into her forehead. Frank has no memory of the event, but the trauma grants him the ability to see the spirit world. In the present, Frank lives in the unfinished remnants of the house he was building for Debra. Wracked with guilt over her death, he has become a cynical con man, using his abilities to "exorcise" hauntings staged by ghosts in his employ: street gangster Cyrus, nerdy Stuart, and The Judge, an Old West gunslinger.While exorcising the home of physician Lucy Lynskey and her self-absorbed husband Ray, Frank notices the number "37" glowing on Ray's forehead. Ray later dies of a heart attack. As Frank helps Lucy communicate with Ray's ghost, he witnesses a Grim Reaper–like entity crush the heart of a man marked "38". Panicked, Frank flees and follows a heavenly light to the museum, where he discovers the number 39 victim. Frank fails to save the number 40 victim, newspaper editor Magda Rees-Jones—who accused him of Debra's murder—and the Reaper also "kills" The Judge by destroying his ectoplasmic form. Realizing that the murders implicate him, Frank turns himself into the police. He is interrogated by Milton Dammers, an eccentric and unstable FBI agent traumatized by years of torture and sexual abuse while working undercover with Satanic cults. Dammers is convinced that Frank killed Debra and is psychically inflicting the unexplained heart attack deaths in the town. Lucy visits Frank in jail and they bond over their shared losses. The Reaper attacks Lucy, the number 41 victim, and Cyrus and Stuart are "killed" defending her and Frank during their escape. Aware he cannot protect her from the Reaper as a human, Frank has Lucy induce a near-death experience by slowing his heart with drugs and placing him in a freezer. Dammers captures Lucy and leaves Frank to die permanently, but Frank's spirit rescues her and damages the pursuing Reaper's disguise, revealing him to be the spirit of Bartlett.While Frank recovers following his revival, Lucy warns her patient, Patricia, of Bartlett's return. Patricia reveals she is still in love with Bartlett and summoned him from Hell to continue their murder spree. She kills her mother, while Frank and Lucy trap Bartlett in his urn and flee to the abandoned sanatorium, intending to use its chapel to banish him back to Hell. While Patricia and Dammers separately pursue the pair through the sanatorium, Frank experiences visions of the 1964 massacre, showing Patricia was actively involved in the murders. This helps Frank recall that Bartlett's ghost killed Debra, and Patricia carved the number into her forehead. Dammers unwittingly releases Bartlett from the urn before being killed by Patricia.Patricia fatally strangles Frank, but, as a spirit, he pulls her soul from her body and drags her to heaven, forcing Bartlett to follow them. Although Bartlett frees Patricia and attempts to return to Earth, they are consumed by a demonic creature and taken to Hell. In Heaven, Frank is reunited with Cyrus, Stuart, and Debra; Cyrus and Stuart send him back to Earth, while Debra tells him to be happy.Sometime later, Frank demolishes the unfinished house and starts a relationship with Lucy, who can now see ghosts.
124	Lone Star (1996)	Drama, Mystery	Two off-duty sergeants discover a human skeleton on an old U.S. Army rifle shooting range along with a Masonic ring, a Rio County sheriff's badge, and, later, an expended .45 pistol bullet. Sam Deeds, sheriff of Frontera, Texas, begins an investigation. Forensics backs up the identity of the skeleton as Charlie Wade, the infamously corrupt sheriff who preceded Sam's father, the recently deceased Buddy. Wade mysteriously disappeared in 1957, along with US$10,000 in county funds. Buddy's high reputation and election as Sheriff resulted from his being widely believed to have confronted Wade and driven him from town.Frontera, on the banks of the Rio Grande, is a border town with racial strife among the Tejano, African American, Native American, and white populations. There, the white population is no longer the majority. As a teenager, Sam hated his tyrannical father and left town as soon as he was old enough. He only returned to the town two years prior.The town is enlarging and renaming their courthouse in Buddy's honor and proposing the building of an unneeded new prison. As a teenager, Sam had been in love with Tejano girl Pilar Cruz. However, their relationship was strongly opposed by both Buddy and Pilar's mother Mercedes, who took steps to separate them.After a chance meeting, the now divorced Sam and the widowed Pilar, now a teacher, begin to rekindle their lingering passion. Mercedes is again against this. Pilar mistakenly believes that Mercedes objects to Sam because of his "Anglo" ethnicity. Despite being of Mexican origin, however, Pilar devalues Mexicans, claiming she is of Spanish descent.Colonel Delmore Payne has returned to town as the commander of the local U.S. Army base. Delmore has been estranged from his father Otis "Big O" Payne, a local nightclub owner and leader of the Black community, since childhood, when the serial womanizer abandoned Delmore and his mother. When a quarrel involving a soldier from the base results in a shooting at Otis's club—witnessed by Delmore's own resentful underage son who is surreptitiously at the club to scout out his grandfather—Delmore confronts Otis and threatens to make his establishment "off-limits." Otis counters that his establishment is the only place in town where Black soldiers are welcome.Despite being warned by Mayor Hollis Pogue and other prominent local figures not to poke into events from thirty years before, Sam doggedly investigates the events leading up to Wade's murder. Wade terrorized the local Black and Mexican communities, extorting money from business owners and committing numerous murders by setting up his victims and shooting them for "resisting arrest". In front of a horrified Deputy Sheriff Hollis, Wade murdered Eladio Cruz, Mercedes's husband, who was running a migrant smuggling operation across the border without kickbacks to Wade.Uncovering secrets about his father's nearly 30-year term as sheriff, Sam discovers Buddy's own corruption, kickbacks, and use of prison labor for personal building projects. Buddy forcibly evicted residents of a small community to make a lake, with Buddy and Hollis receiving lakefront property. Sam eventually discovers love letters from Buddy's longtime mistress—Mercedes Cruz.Sam confronts Hollis and Otis about Wade's murder. Upon discovering Otis's clandestine gambling operation at the nightclub, a furious Wade ordered Otis to hand over extortion money. Wade was about to use his "resisting arrest" setup to kill Otis. Buddy arrived just as Hollis shot Wade to prevent Otis's murder. The three buried the body and took $10,000 from the county as an alibi for Wade's "abscondence". They gave the money to Mercedes—who was destitute after Wade killed Eladio—to buy her restaurant. Buddy and Mercedes later got involved. Sam decides to drop the issue, saying that Wade's murder will remain unsolved. Hollis is concerned that people will assume that Buddy killed Wade to take his job. Sam replies, "Buddy's a goddamn legend; he can handle it."Showing Pilar an old photo of Buddy embracing Mercedes, Sam says that Eladio died 18 months before she was born, revealing that Buddy is Pilar's father. Both are appalled over the years of deception and repercussions, but since Pilar cannot have any more children, they decide to continue their romantic relationship, despite the knowledge that they are half-siblings.
125	Phenomenon (1996)	Drama, Romance	George Malley is an auto mechanic in a town in Northern California. He has a crush on single mother Lace. He lets her sell her handmade chairs at his shop, but secretly buys them himself. She is very closed off and rebuffs George's advances. After celebrating his 37th birthday at a bar with his best friend, Nate, and father figure, Doc Brunder, he sees a ball of shining bright white lights in the sky, which grows closer until it hits him with a loud bang, knocking him down. Nobody else sees the lights or hears the sound.George begins to exhibit remarkable levels of intelligence. He easily absorbs vast amounts of information, formulates new, revolutionary ideas, and develops telekinesis. Not needing sleep, he spends each night reading multiple books.George tries to use his new intelligence for the good of his community. He develops a powerful fertilizer, improves solar panel designs, and predicts an earthquake without any equipment. When Doc is called to aid a sick Portuguese man, George learns the language in minutes and helps translate. He then uses his telekinesis to rescue the man's young relative. George also formulates a plan to help Nate get together with Ella, the mother of the Portuguese boy he rescued. Nate has a shortwave radio hobby. While visiting him, George decodes and responds to a signal, though Nate asks him to forget about it, fearful they might be picking up information from a nearby air force base.The townsfolk become wary, but George finds support from Doc, Nate, and from a growing relationship with Lace, and her children, Al and Glory. George invites Lace to join him on a trip to U.C. Berkeley to meet with seismologist Professor Ringold about George's earthquake prediction. Before he can go, the FBI takes George and Nate into custody over his code-breaking. He breaks more codes, then astounds Dr. Nierdof by answering a series of difficult quizzes and exams, and shows him his telekinesis. When George threatens to talk to the press, he is finally released. The FBI instructs Dr. Ringold not to let George meet with anyone at Berkeley.Returning to the local bar, George becomes frustrated with friends' questions about his abilities, and he causes a large mirror to break via telekinesis.Lace visits him to provide a shave and a haircut. Their innocent intimacy scares her, since she has tried so hard to not like him, but it encourages him to stop avoiding the townsfolk. He goes to the county fair to ease fear with a demonstration of his powers, but the crowd goes into a frenzy, demanding his attention and his perceived healing powers. George is knocked to the ground, where he again sees the flashing balls of light before losing consciousness.George awakens in a hospital where it has been discovered that he has a brain tumor. Dr. Wellin, a leading brain surgeon, has arrived to try to surgically remove the tumor. Dr. Wellin determines there is only a 1-in-500 chance of survival, but wants to proceed with an invasive operation solely to do research on George's living brain. When George refuses, saying he still has work to do, the doctor has him declared mentally unfit and held against his will.George escapes from the hospital and returns home. He spends time with Nate, then goes to Lace's to spend time with her and her children. The FBI agent shows up, but Lace persuades them to let George die in peace. During the evening, in their final embrace, George tells Lace "It's happening."Professor Ringold arrives at Lace's house, only to learn that he is too late. Lace gives him George's research materials, so he can finish George's breakthrough work.A year later, George's friends are gathered for what would have been his 38th birthday. Nate is now fluent in Portuguese and is married to Ella, who is pregnant. Other signs of George's phenomenal effects on the town and its people are all around.
126	Spitfire Grill, The (1996)	Drama	Perchance "Percy" Talbot is recently released on parole after five years at Maine Correctional Center in Windham, Maine. The young woman arrives in the small town of Gilead, Maine with hopes of starting a new life. She is given a job as a waitress at the Spitfire Grill, owned by Hannah, whose gruff exterior conceals a kind heart and little tolerance for the Grill's regular customers who are suspicious of and vocal about Percy's mysterious past. None is more suspicious than Nahum, Hannah's nephew, who constantly criticizes Percy and launches his own investigation into her past. His wife, Shelby, has a kinder curiosity and reaches out to Percy, becoming one of her few friends in town.When Hannah is bedridden after a nasty fall, she places Percy in charge of the Grill despite Percy's lack of experience with cooking and kitchen skills. Seeing that Percy is in need of help, Shelby pitches in to work at the Grill and help Percy win the approval of Hannah, who learns she does need friends. Joe, an attractive young man in town, becomes smitten with Percy and spends some time getting to know her, even introducing her to his father, Aaron. Although Joe eventually proposes that he and Percy get married, she refuses because she feels unworthy to be his wife and tells Joe she's unable to bear children. Joe reveals that he has been approached by a scientist who thinks that the town's trees might have medicinal benefits, which might lead to greater economic prospects for Gilead.Percy becomes aware of a local hermit in the woods who drops by at night to pick up a sack of canned goods from Hannah. Initially unsuccessful at contacting the hermit, Percy eventually follows him and discovers his makeshift abode in the woods where he crafts aviary art pieces out of bark and other natural materials. Slowly but surely, Percy begins to gain the trust of the hermit. At the same time, she learns from Shelby about how Hannah's missing son, Eli, had enlisted to serve in the Vietnam War and did not return, causing Eli's war-hero father, James, to die from heartbreak and Hannah to become hard-hearted. (There is a brief allusion to James perhaps having piloted a Spitfire aircraft, which presumably gave the Grill its name.) Learning that Hannah has tried unsuccessfully for years to sell the Grill, Percy puts forward the idea to hold a $100-per-entry essay contest to find a new owner via lottery for the Grill. Hannah, believing the contest is Shelby's idea, opens up to the idea and eventually, with promotional help from Percy's former cellmates who work in a tourism call center operated by the prison, the contest proves wildly successful. More and more mail comes in with money for the Grill, and other townspeople are drawn into helping sort through the essays. Attitudes grow more positive, allowing Percy to open up more about her past to Shelby.However, Nahum remains suspicious of Percy and learns that she was in prison for manslaughter. When he suggests that Percy is a con artist planning to steal the contest funds, Shelby is furious and vouches for Percy. That night, Nahum sneaks into the Grill and moves all the money from the safe into the sack. Before he can do anything further, Percy unwittingly takes the sack into the woods for the hermit. The next day, Hannah finds the safe empty and assumes that Percy stole the money and took off. Influenced by Nahum, the local sheriff gathers a posse of state troopers and some of Gilead's citizens (some with bloodhounds) to search for Percy and her supposed accomplice. Shelby correctly deduces that Percy went to be alone in an abandoned church that they had explored earlier. There, Percy reveals to Shelby that she had been sexually abused from age 9 to 16 by her stepfather, Mason Talbott, who impregnated her and then later assaulted her, leading to her unborn baby's death. After whisking her away from the hospital and to a hotel, Mason drunkenly insulted the memory of Percy's baby, provoking her to kill him with a razor blade, resulting in her incarceration.The local sheriff arrives at the abandoned church with his posse and takes Percy into custody. When Shelby confronts Hannah over the accusations against Percy, Hannah realizes that Percy gave the sack with the money in it to the hermit. She reveals that the hermit is her shell-shocked, Vietnam veteran son, Eli, who had returned home from the Vietnam War and isolated himself from society despite Hannah's best efforts to win him back, including trying to sell the grill. Fearing that the posse will kill Eli, Hannah and Shelby rush to the sheriff's office and convince Percy to help them save Eli. Running through the woods with the posse on Eli's trail, Percy runs through the river to warn off Eli, but is swept away by the raging waters and drowns. Nahum finds Eli cradling Percy's body downriver and recognizes him when he sees Eli's face.Percy's death prompts the town's citizens to examine their own conduct towards her more deeply, especially at the funeral service where Nahum publicly confesses that he moved the money and ultimately caused the events leading to Percy's death; he admits that he never truly knew her as he had assumed. Hannah is finally able to reconnect with Eli. Later in the summertime as Gilead is celebrating its town festival, the winner of the essay contest, a young woman named Clare, arrives with her toddler son, Charlie. The citizens of Gilead welcome her enthusiastically, and Hannah shows her to her new home and business as a place for Clare and her son to start life anew.
127	Godfather, The (1972)	Action, Crime, Drama	In 1945, the don of New York City's Corleone family, Vito Corleone, listens to requests during his daughter Connie's wedding to Carlo Rizzi. Vito's youngest son Michael, a Marine and World War II hero who has so far stayed out of the family business, introduces his girlfriend Kay Adams to his family at the reception. Johnny Fontane, a popular singer and Vito's godson, seeks Vito's help in securing a movie role. Vito sends his consigliere, Tom Hagen, to persuade studio president Jack Woltz to offer Johnny the part. Woltz refuses Hagen's request at first, but soon complies after finding the severed head of his prized stud horse in his bed.As Christmas approaches, drug baron Virgil "The Turk" Sollozzo asks Vito to invest in his narcotics business to provide police protection. Vito declines, citing that involvement in narcotics would alienate his political connections. Suspicious of Sollozzo's partnership with the Tattaglia crime family, Vito sends his enforcer Luca Brasi to the Tattaglias on an espionage mission. Brasi is garroted to death during the initial meeting. Later, enforcers gun down Vito and coerce Hagen into a meeting. With Vito's first-born Sonny now in command, Sollozzo pressures Hagen to persuade Sonny to accept the narcotics deal. Vito survives the shooting and is visited in the hospital by Michael, who finds him unprotected after NYPD police officers on Sollozzo's payroll clear out Vito's guards. Michael stops the attempt on his father's life but is beaten by corrupt police captain Mark McCluskey. After the attempted hit at the hospital, Sonny retaliates with a hit on Bruno Tattaglia. Sollozzo and McCluskey request to meet with Michael and settle the dispute. The Corleones agree to the meeting and devise a plan to plant a handgun in the bathroom of the Bronx restaurant where the meeting will be held. Michael speaks with Sollozzo for several minutes then excuses himself, retrieves the gun, and shoots both men dead.Despite a clampdown by the authorities for the killing of a police captain, the Five Families erupt in open warfare. Michael takes refuge under the protection of Don Tommasino in Sicily, and Vito's second son Fredo is sheltered by Jewish mobster Moe Greene in Las Vegas. In Sicily, Michael meets and marries a local woman, Apollonia. Sonny publicly attacks and threatens Carlo for physically abusing Connie. When he abuses her again, Sonny speeds to their home but is ambushed and murdered by gangsters at a highway toll booth. Apollonia is killed shortly thereafter by a car bomb intended for Michael.Devastated by Sonny's death and tired of war, Vito sets up a meeting with the Five Families. He assures them that he will withdraw his opposition to their narcotics business and forgo avenging Sonny's murder. His safety guaranteed, Michael returns home to enter the family business and marry Kay. They have two children in the early 1950s. With his father nearing the end of his life and Fredo not suited to lead, Michael assumes the position of head of the Corleone family. Vito tells Michael that he now knows that their true adversary had been Don Barzini all along. He warns him that Barzini would try to kill him at a meeting organized by a traitorous Corleone capo. With Vito's support, Michael relegates Hagen to managing operations in Las Vegas as he is not a "wartime consigliere". Michael travels to Las Vegas to buy out Moe Greene's stake in the family's casinos and reprimands Fredo for defending Greene, whom Barzini had turned against the family.In 1955, Vito dies of a heart attack while playing with Michael's son Anthony. At Vito's funeral, Tessio asks Michael to meet with Barzini, signaling his betrayal. The meeting is set for the same day as the baptism of Connie's baby. Michael, remembering his father's warning, deduces the plot and Tessio is led off to be murdered. While Michael stands at the baptismal font as the child's godfather, Corleone hitmen murder the dons of the four other families as well as Greene for not selling his hotel. Michael extracts Carlo's confession that he had conspired with Barzini on Sonny's assassination. He assures Carlo that he is being exiled, not murdered. However, Clemenza strangles Carlo in a car shortly afterwards. Connie confronts Michael about his involvement in Carlo's death while Kay is in the room. Kay asks Michael if he ordered Carlo's death, which Michael denies, leaving Kay relieved. As she leaves, capos enter the office and pay reverence to Michael as "Don Corleone".
128	Supercop (1992)	Action, Thriller	Ka-Kui is the "supercop" of the Hong Kong police with amazing martial arts skills. He is sent to Guangzhou, where the Chinese police force's Interpol director, Superintendent Jessica Yang, briefs him on his next assignment. The target is Chaibat, a drug lord based in Hong Kong. To infiltrate Chaibat's organization, Ka-Kui must get close to Panther, Chaibat's henchman, who is being held in a Chinese prison camp. Ka-Kui, posing as a fellow prisoner, aids Panther's escape. A grateful Panther invites Ka-Kui to go with him to Hong Kong and join Chaibat's gang. Panther meets up with some of his other men, and vouches for Ka-Kui. The group heads for Hong Kong.On the way, they pass through Ka-Kui's supposed home village, and Panther insists that Ka-Kui visit his family there. He does not actually know anyone in the village, but is pleasantly relieved to be greeted by undercover police posing as his family, with Yang as his sister. After a confrontation with local police - who are unaware of the undercover operation - in a restaurant, Ka-Kui and Yang (who is also a skilled martial-artist) escape after a big fight, which concludes with Yang faking the killing of a policeman. This secures Panther's trust in the pair.In Hong Kong, Chaibat welcomes Ka-Kui and Yang to his luxurious hide-out. He takes them with him to a big opium grower's fortified compound in the Golden Triangle military camp of Thailand, for a meeting of big-time heroin traffickers. During the meeting, Chaibat's gang attack from outside while Ka-Kui and Yang protect him inside. In a huge gun battle, Chaibat's gang kill the rival traffickers and their guards, and smash up the compound. The grower survives, but will now sell only to Chaibat at Chaibat's price.In Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Chaibat's wife, Chen Wen-Shi, is sentenced to death for drug trafficking. Chaibat needs to get her out of prison, as only she knows the codes to his Swiss bank account, and will not reveal them unless freed. Chaibat brings his gang, now including Ka-Kui and Yang, to Kuala Lumpur to stage a jailbreak.A new difficulty arises when Ka-Kui sees his girlfriend May, a tour guide, in Kuala Lumpur leading a party of Hong Kong tourists. After seeing Ka-Kui accompanying Yang at the luxurious hotel where Chaibat's gang are staying, May jealously confronts Ka-Kui, nearly blowing his cover. Later, Ka-Kui gets May alone and explains the situation. She manages to prevent him from inadvertently blowing his own cover, but is then overheard recounting the tale to a co-worker by one of Panther's men. Chaibat takes May hostage, and forces Ka-Kui and Yang – their cover now blown – to help free Chen as ransom.Chen's jailbreak is successful, but May's release turns sour when Chaibat pushes her from his helicopter. May survives, and a furious Ka-Kui and Yang pursue Chaibat and his men over the roads, rooftops (where Ka-Kui and Yang defeat Panther and his partner), and skies of Kuala Lumpur. Atop a moving train, Chaibat is killed when his helicopter collides with a bridge and lands on him. Yang and Ka-Kui recapture Chen, with the trio collectively saving themselves from falling beneath the moving train. Chen decides to tell Yang and Ka-Kui the password to Chaibat's bank account. The two partners argue whether Hong Kong or China will get the money.
129	Bound (1996)	Crime, Drama, Romance, Thriller	Corky, a lesbian ex-con, is hired as a painter and plumber at a Chicago apartment building. She encounters Violet and Caesar, the couple who live next door to the apartment she is renovating. While Caesar is gone, Violet seduces Corky. They are interrupted by Caesar and Corky returns to work. When she leaves for the day, Violet follows Corky to her truck, and they have sex in Corky's apartment. The next morning, Violet tells Corky that Caesar is a money launderer for the Mafia and that they have been together for five years.Later, Violet overhears Caesar and his mob associates torturing Shelly, a man who has been embezzling money from the business. Upset, she confides to Corky that she wants to make a new life for herself, but that she needs her help. Knowing that Caesar will bring the nearly $2 million that Shelly skimmed back to the apartment, the two women hatch a scheme to steal the money. Johnnie, the son of Mafia boss Gino Marzzone, kills Shelly, angering Caesar, who returns to the apartment with a bag of bloody money. Caesar washes, irons and hangs the money to dry.Violet explains to Corky that Caesar and Johnnie hate each other, and that Gino and Johnnie will be coming to pick up the money from Caesar. Corky devises a plan: when Caesar has finished counting the money, he will shower to unwind. While he does, Violet will purposely drop a bottle of Glenlivet scotch that Gino prefers and tell Caesar that she is going to buy more. As she leaves the apartment, Corky will enter, steal the money from a briefcase, and leave. Violet will then return with the scotch and tell Caesar that she just saw Johnnie leave. Suspicious, Caesar will check the briefcase, find the money gone, and assume Johnnie has taken it. Corky and Violet think Caesar will be forced to flee because Gino will assume he has been robbed by Caesar, not Johnnie.When Caesar finds the money gone, he realizes Gino will think he stole it if he runs and decides to retrieve the money from Johnnie. Panicking, Violet threatens to leave, but Caesar forces her to stay, suspecting she and Johnnie may have stolen the money and framed him. Corky waits next door with the money while Gino and Johnnie arrive. After Johnnie flirts with Violet and taunts him, Caesar pulls out a gun and tells Gino that his son stole the money. He kills Gino, Johnnie and Roy, Gino's bodyguard. Caesar tells Violet that they must find the money, dispose of the bodies and pretend Gino and Johnnie never arrived lest their mob associates discover their absence. Unable to find the money at Johnnie's apartment, Caesar telephones Mickey, a mob buddy, telling him that Gino has yet to arrive.After discovering Corky and Violet stole the money, Caesar ties them up, threatens to torture them and demands to know where it is. When Mickey arrives at the apartment, Caesar makes a deal with Violet to help him stall. Violet calls their landline from Johnnie's cell phone and convinces Caesar to feign a conversation with Gino explaining that he and Johnnie are in the hospital after a car accident. The ruse fools Mickey, who leaves for the hospital. Corky tells Caesar she has hidden the money in the next-door apartment, and he goes to retrieve it. Violet escapes and calls Mickey, telling him that Caesar stole the money and forced her to keep quiet. Corky tries to stop Caesar from taking the money, but he assaults her. Violet arrives and holds Caesar at gunpoint; she informs him Mickey is coming and that he should run while he can. When Caesar refuses, Violet kills him.Later, Mickey, who believes Violet's story, tells her that he will find Caesar. Mickey wants Violet to be his girlfriend, but she tells him that she needs a clean break—which she makes by driving off hand-in-hand with Corky.
130	Kansas City (1996)	Crime	On the afternoon before the 1934 Democratic primary election in Kansas City, petty thief Johnny O'Hara botches a robbery of Sheepshan Red, a wealthy Black gambler on a semi-annual trip to the Hey Hey Club, local Black mob kingpin Seldom Seen's jazz club and casino. As a token of respect to a highly lucrative customer, Seldom kidnaps Johnny himself and holds him at the Hey Hey Club, where he monologues to Johnny about racism and deliberates on how best to punish him. Kansas City jazz performances played at the Hey Hey Club are intercut with much of the film.Blondie O'Hara, Johnny's Jean Harlow-obsessed wife, desperately searches for a way to secure Johnny's release. She decides to kidnap Carolyn Stilton, the wife of local politician Henry Stilton, leveraging his involvement with the imminent election to force him to free Johnny. Blondie kidnaps Carolyn at the Stilton mansion without much resistance. She finds that Carolyn is trapped in a loveless marriage, nursing a laudanum addiction to cope with her husband's emotional distance. Carolyn finds Blondie's devotion to her husband admirable, and a tenuous friendship forms between the two as they travel across the city and flee the alerted police.When Blondie tells Henry about the kidnapping, he is torn between the obligation he feels towards his wife and the risks presented towards his re-election campaign. As a member of the Pendergast political machine, he secures the aid of its boss Thomas Pendergast, who agrees to indirectly reach out to Seldom. On the morning of the election, Blondie attempts to hide Carolyn at a bar owned by her brother (ironically a Pendergast ward heeler himself tasked with paying local vagrants and addicts to vote), but he realizes who Carolyn is and drives them away. When Seldom makes his decision to kill Johnny known, the latter offers to give himself as a slave to Seldom.In the evening, Blondie and Carolyn finally return to the O'Hara home, from which Johnny had been kidnapped a day before. Henry manages to get Johnny released, but Seldom and his gangsters shoot and mutilate him before turning him over, and he collapses and dies once he enters the house. As Blondie weeps over his body, Carolyn grabs her gun and shoots Blondie dead. She leaves the house and enters Henry's car. He anxiously asks her if she is alright, but she does not reply.
131	Breakfast at Tiffany's (1961)	Drama, Romance	Fending off a date from the night before, Holly Golightly visits the Tiffany & Co. flagship store but her date finds her at her apartment building. Holly, who cannot find her keys, buzzes her landlord, Mr. Yunioshi, to let her in. Holly meets her new neighbor Paul Varjak as she readies to leave for her weekly visit to incarcerated mobster Sally Tomato. Tomato's lawyer pays her $100 a week to deliver "the weather report". Holly meets Paul's "decorator" Emily Eustace Failenson, a wealthy older woman, whom Paul nicknames "2E". That night, when Holly crawls out onto the fire escape to elude an over-eager date, she sees 2E leaving Paul money and kissing him goodbye.Holly visits Paul and learns he is a writer who has not had anything published in five years, and has no ribbon in his typewriter. Holly explains she is saving money to support her brother, Fred, after he completes his Army service. The pair fall asleep but are awakened when Holly has a nightmare about Fred. When Paul questions her about this, Holly chides him for prying. Holly buys Paul a typewriter ribbon to apologize, and invites him to a party at her apartment. There, he meets her Hollywood agent, Berman, who describes Holly's transformation from a country girl into a Manhattan "socialite", along with wealthy Brazilian politician José da Silva Pereira and the wealthy American Rusty Trawler.Some time later, 2E enters Paul's apartment, worried about someone loitering outside the building. Paul confronts the man who explains he is Holly's husband, Doc Golightly. Doc informs him that Holly ran away and he has come to take her back to rural Texas. After Paul reunites them, Holly informs Paul the marriage was annulled and she declines to return with Doc. After drinking at a club, Paul and Holly return to her apartment, where she tells him she plans to marry Trawler for his money. A few days later, Paul learns a short story inspired by Holly will be published. On the way to tell Holly, he sees a newspaper headline stating that Trawler has married someone else.Holly and Paul agree to spend the day together, taking turns doing things each has never done before. At Tiffany's, he has the ring from a box of Cracker Jack engraved as a present for her. After spending the night together, Paul awakens to find Holly gone. 2E arrives and calmly accepts when he ends their affair, realizing he loves Holly. Returning from a date with José, Holly learns Fred has been killed and trashes her apartment.Months later, Holly readies to move to Brazil and marry José but is arrested in connection to a drug ring run by Sally Tomato. Berman pays her bail and Paul picks her up in a cab with all her things, including her pet, Cat, and a breakup letter from José. Holly decides to go to Brazil anyway, breaking bail, as Paul declares that he loves her. Resistant to being in a relationship, Holly chastises him and releases Cat into an alley. Paul storms out of the cab, leaving the engraved ring with Holly. After she puts it on, Holly runs back to the alley, where Paul is looking for Cat. After Holly finds Cat, she cradles it in her coat and, smiling, walks into Paul's embrace.
132	Wizard of Oz, The (1939)	Adventure, Children's, Drama, Musical	In rural Kansas, Dorothy Gale lives on a farm owned by her Uncle Henry and Aunt Em and wishes she could be somewhere else. Her neighbor, Almira Gulch, who was bitten by Dorothy's dog, Toto, obtains a sheriff's order authorizing her to seize him, but Toto escapes and returns to Dorothy, who runs away to protect him. Professor Marvel, a charlatan fortune teller, convinces her that Aunt Em is heartbroken, which prompts Dorothy to return home. She returns just as a tornado approaches the farm. Unable to get into the locked storm cellar, she takes cover in the farmhouse and is knocked unconscious by the window. She seemingly awakens to find the house moving through the air, with her and Toto still inside it.The house comes down in an unknown land, and Dorothy is greeted by a good witch named Glinda, who floats down in a bubble and explains that she has landed in Munchkinland in the Land of Oz, and that the Munchkins are celebrating because the house landed on the Wicked Witch of the East, killing her. Her sister, the Wicked Witch of the West, suddenly appears, but before she can seize her deceased sister's ruby slippers, Glinda magically transports them onto Dorothy's feet and tells her to keep them on. Because the Wicked Witch has no power in Munchkinland, she leaves, but swears vengeance upon Dorothy and Toto. Glinda tells Dorothy to follow the yellow brick road to the Emerald City, the home of the Wizard of Oz, as he might know how to help her return home, before she floats away in her bubble.Along the way, Dorothy meets the Scarecrow, who wants a brain; the Tin Man, who wants a heart; and the Cowardly Lion, who wants courage. They reach the Emerald City, despite the efforts of the Wicked Witch. They are initially denied an audience with the Wizard by his guard, who relents due to Dorothy's grief, and they are led into the Wizard's chambers. He appears as a giant ghostly head and tells them he will grant their wishes if they bring him the Wicked Witch's broom.During their quest, Dorothy and Toto are captured by flying monkeys and taken to the Wicked Witch's castle, but the ruby slippers protect her, and Toto manages to escape, leading the Scarecrow, Tin Man, and Cowardly Lion to the castle. They free Dorothy, but are pursued and finally cornered by the Witch and her guards, the Winkies. She taunts them and sets fire to the Scarecrow's arm. When Dorothy throws a bucket of water onto him, she inadvertently splashes the Witch, causing her to melt away. The Winkies gratefully give Dorothy the Witch's broom, and the group returns to the Wizard, but he tells them to come back the next day. When Toto pulls back a curtain, the "Wizard" is revealed to be an ordinary man operating machinery that projects a ghostly image of his face. They confront him, who insists he is a good man at heart, but confesses to being a humbug. He then "grants" Dorothy's friends' wishes by giving them tokens to confirm that they had the qualities they sought.The Wizard reveals that he, like Dorothy, is from Kansas and accidentally arrived in Oz in a hot air balloon. When he offers to take her back to Kansas with him aboard it, she accepts, but Toto jumps out of her arms and she goes after him, and the balloon accidentally lifts off with just the Wizard aboard. Glinda then floats down in her bubble and reappears before she walks over and tells Dorothy she always had the power to return to Kansas using the ruby slippers but had to find that out for herself. After sharing a tearful farewell with her friends, she heeds Glinda's instructions by clicking her heels three times and repeating, "There's no place like home."Dorothy awakens in her own bed in Kansas. She recounts her adventures, but Aunt Em says that she just had a bad dream. She tells Professor Marvel and the farmhands that they were in Oz also, and they smile, humoring her. As she hugs Toto, she gratefully exclaims, "Oh, Auntie Em, there's no place like home!"
133	Gone with the Wind (1939)	Drama, Romance, War	In 1861, on the eve of the American Civil War, Scarlett O'Hara lives at Tara, her family's cotton plantation in Georgia, with her parents, two sisters, and their black slaves. Scarlett is deeply attracted to Ashley Wilkes and learns he is to be married to his cousin, Melanie Hamilton. At an engagement party the next day at Ashley's home, Twelve Oaks, a nearby plantation, Scarlett makes an advance on Ashley but is rebuffed; however, she catches the attention of another guest, Rhett Butler. The party is disrupted by news of President Lincoln's call for volunteers to fight the South, and the Southern men rush to enlist. Scarlett marries Melanie's younger brother, Charles, to arouse jealousy in Ashley before he leaves to fight. Following Charles's death while serving in the Confederate States Army, Scarlett's mother sends her to the Hamilton home in Atlanta. She creates a scene by attending a charity bazaar in mourning attire and waltzing with Rhett, now a blockade runner for the Confederacy.The tide of war turns against the Confederacy after the Battle of Gettysburg. Many of the men of Scarlett's town are killed. Eight months later, as the Union Army besieges the city in the Atlanta campaign, Melanie gives birth with Scarlett's aid, and Rhett helps them flee the city. Rhett chooses to go off to fight, leaving Scarlett to make her own way back to Tara. She finds Tara deserted, except for her father, sisters, and former slaves, Mammy and Pork. Scarlett learns that her mother has just died of typhoid fever, and her father has lost his mind. With Tara pillaged by Union troops and the fields untended, Scarlett vows to ensure her and her family's survival.With the defeat of the Confederacy, the O'Haras toil in the cotton fields. Ashley returns but finds he is of little help to Tara. When Scarlett begs him to run away with her, he confesses his desire for her and kisses her passionately but says he cannot leave Melanie. Scarlett's father attempts to chase away a carpetbagger from his land but is thrown from his horse and killed.  Unable to pay the Reconstructionist taxes imposed on Tara, Scarlett unsuccessfully appeals to Rhett, then dupes her younger sister Suellen's fiancé, the middle-aged and wealthy general store owner Frank Kennedy, into marrying her. Frank, Ashley, and several other accomplices make a night raid on a shanty town after Scarlett is attacked while driving through it alone, resulting in Frank's death. Shortly after Frank's funeral, Rhett proposes to Scarlett, and she accepts.Rhett and Scarlett have a daughter whom Rhett nicknames Bonnie Blue, but Scarlett still pines for Ashley and, chagrined at the perceived ruin of her figure, refuses to have any more children or share a bed with Rhett. One day at Frank's mill, Ashley's sister, India, sees Scarlett and Ashley embracing. Harboring an intense dislike of Scarlett, India eagerly spreads rumors. Later that evening, Rhett, having heard the rumors, forces Scarlett to attend Ashley's birthday party. Melanie, however, stands by Scarlett. After returning home, Scarlett finds Rhett downstairs drunk, and they argue about Ashley. Rhett kisses Scarlett against her will, stating his intent to have sex with her that night, and carries the struggling Scarlett to the bedroom.The next day, Rhett apologizes for his behavior and offers Scarlett a divorce, which she rejects, saying it would be a disgrace. When Rhett returns from an extended trip to London, England, Scarlett informs him that she is pregnant, but an argument ensues, resulting in her falling down a flight of stairs and suffering a miscarriage. While recovering, tragedy strikes again when Bonnie dies while attempting to jump a fence with her pony. Scarlett and Rhett visit Melanie, who has suffered complications from a new pregnancy, on her deathbed. As Scarlett consoles Ashley, Rhett prepares to leave Atlanta. Having realized that it was Rhett, and not Ashley, whom she truly loved all along, Scarlett pleads with Rhett to stay, but he rebuffs her and walks away into the early morning fog. A distraught Scarlett resolves to return home to Tara, vowing to one day win Rhett back.
134	Citizen Kane (1941)	Drama	In a mansion called Xanadu, part of a vast palatial estate in Florida, the elderly Charles Foster Kane is on his deathbed. Holding a snow globe, he utters his last word, "Rosebud", and dies. A newsreel obituary tells the life story of Kane, an enormously wealthy newspaper publisher and industry magnate. Kane's death becomes sensational news around the world, and the newsreel's producer tasks reporter Jerry Thompson with discovering the meaning of "Rosebud".Thompson sets out to interview Kane's friends and associates. He tries to approach Kane's second wife, Susan Alexander Kane, now an alcoholic nightclub owner, but she refuses to talk to him. Thompson goes to the private archive of the late banker Walter Parks Thatcher. Through Thatcher's written memoirs, Thompson learns about Kane's rise from a Colorado boarding house and the decline of his fortune.In 1871, gold was discovered through a mining deed belonging to Kane's mother, Mary Kane. She hired Thatcher to establish a trust that would provide for Kane's education and assume guardianship of him, protecting him from his brutal father. While the parents and Thatcher discussed arrangements inside the boarding house, the young Kane played happily with a sled in the snow outside. When his parents introduced him to Thatcher and told him he would live with him, the boy struck Thatcher with his sled and attempted to run away.By the time Kane gained control of his trust at the age of 25, the mine's productivity and Thatcher's prudent investing had made Kane one of the richest men in the world. Kane took control of the New York Inquirer newspaper and embarked on a career of yellow journalism, publishing scandalous articles that attacked Thatcher's (and his own) business interests. Kane sold his newspaper empire to Thatcher after the 1929 stock market crash left him short of cash.Thompson interviews Kane's personal business manager, Mr. Bernstein. Bernstein recalls that Kane hired the best journalists available to build the Inquirer's circulation. Kane rose to power by successfully manipulating public opinion regarding the Spanish–American War and marrying Emily Norton, the niece of the President of the United States.Thompson interviews Kane's estranged best friend, Jedediah Leland, in a retirement home. Leland says that Kane's marriage to Emily disintegrated over the years, despite their having a son, and he began an affair with amateur singer Susan Alexander while running for Governor of New York as a "fighting liberal". His political opponent, corrupt boss Jim W. Gettys, discovered the affair and forced Susan to write Emily about it; and the public scandal ended Kane's political career. Kane married Susan and forced her into a humiliating career as an opera singer (for which she had neither talent nor ambition). Kane then built a large opera house in Chicago for Susan to perform in. After Leland began to write a negative review of Susan's disastrous opera debut, Kane fired him but finished the negative review and printed it. Susan protested that she never wanted the opera career anyway, but Kane forced her to continue the season.Susan consents to an interview with Thompson and describes the aftermath of her opera career. She attempted suicide, and Kane finally allowed her to abandon singing. After many unhappy years living at Xanadu with Kane, the two had an argument that culminated in Kane slapping Susan. Susan decided to leave Kane. Kane's butler Raymond recounts that, after Susan moved out of Xanadu, Kane began violently destroying the contents of her former bedroom. When Kane discovered a snow globe, he calmed down and tearfully said "Rosebud". Thompson concludes that he cannot solve the mystery and that the meaning of Kane's last word will remain unknown.At Xanadu, Kane's belongings are cataloged or discarded by the mansion's staff as Thompson leaves. They find a sled, the one on which eight-year-old Kane was playing on the day he was taken from his home in Colorado, and throw it into a furnace with other items. Unknown to the staff, the sled's trade name, printed on top, becomes visible through the flames: "Rosebud". The sled's smoke rises from the chimney as the view pulls back to a sign on Xanadu's outer fence which also began the film: "No Trespassing".
135	2001: A Space Odyssey (1968)	Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi, Thriller	In a prehistoric veld, a tribe of hominins is driven away from a water hole by a rival tribe, and the next day finds an alien monolith. The tribe learns how to use a bone as a weapon and, after a successful first hunt, uses it to drive the rival tribe away.Millions of years later, Dr Heywood Floyd, Chairman of the United States National Council of Astronautics, travels to Clavius Base, an American lunar outpost. During a stopover at Space Station Five, he meets Russian scientists who are concerned that Clavius seems to be unresponsive. He refuses to discuss rumours of an epidemic at the base. At Clavius, Floyd addresses a meeting of personnel to whom he stresses the need for secrecy regarding their newest discovery. His mission is to investigate a recently found artefact, a monolith buried four million years earlier near the lunar crater Tycho. As Floyd and others examine and photograph the object it emits a high-powered radio signal.Eighteen months later, the American spacecraft Discovery One is bound for Jupiter, with mission pilots and scientists Dr Dave Bowman and Dr Frank Poole on board, along with three other scientists in suspended animation. Most of Discovery's operations are controlled by HAL, a HAL 9000 computer with a human-like personality. When HAL reports the imminent failure of an antenna control device, Bowman retrieves it in an extravehicular activity (EVA) pod, but finds nothing wrong. HAL suggests reinstalling the device and letting it fail so the problem can be verified. Mission Control advises the astronauts that results from their backup 9000 computer indicate that HAL has made an error, but HAL blames it on human error. Concerned about HAL's behaviour, Bowman and Poole enter an EVA pod so they can talk in private without HAL overhearing. They agree to disconnect HAL if he is proven wrong. HAL follows their conversation by lip reading.While Poole is floating away from his pod to replace the antenna unit, HAL takes control of the pod and attacks him, sending Poole tumbling away from the ship with a severed air line. Bowman takes another pod to rescue Poole. While he is outside, HAL turns off the life support functions of the crewmen in suspended animation, killing them. When Bowman returns to the ship with Poole's body, HAL refuses to let him back in, stating that their plan to deactivate him jeopardises the mission. Bowman releases Poole's body and opens the ship's emergency airlock with his remote manipulators. Lacking a helmet for his spacesuit, he positions his pod carefully so that when he jettisons the pod's door, he is propelled by the escaping air across the vacuum into Discovery's airlock. He enters HAL's processor core and begins disconnecting most of HAL's circuits, ignoring HAL's pleas to stop. When he is finished, a prerecorded video by Heywood Floyd plays, revealing that the mission's actual objective is to investigate the radio signal sent from the monolith to Jupiter.At Jupiter, Bowman finds a third, much larger monolith orbiting the planet. He leaves Discovery in an EVA pod to investigate. He is pulled into a vortex of coloured light and observes bizarre astronomical phenomena and strange landscapes of unusual colours as he passes by. Finally, he finds himself in a large neoclassical bedroom where he sees, and then becomes, older versions of himself: first standing in the bedroom, middle-aged and still in his spacesuit, then dressed in leisure attire and eating dinner, and finally as an old man lying in bed. A monolith appears at the foot of the bed, and as Bowman reaches for it, he is transformed into a foetus enclosed in a transparent orb of light, which afterwards floats in space above the Earth.
136	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939)	Drama	In the late 1930s, the governor of an unnamed western state, Hubert "Happy" Hopper, appoints Jefferson Smith to replace deceased U.S. Senator Sam Foley. Smith is head of the Boy Rangers, and his appointment is supported by the governor's children. Corrupt political boss Jim Taylor sought the appointment of his handpicked stooge, while popular committees wanted another candidate. Smith, however, was chosen because his naivety about politics was expected to make him easy to manipulate.Smith is taken under the wing of the publicly esteemed, but secretly crooked, Senator Joseph Paine, who was Smith's late father's friend. Smith develops an immediate attraction to the senator's daughter, Susan. At Senator Paine's home, Smith has a conversation with Susan, fidgeting and bumbling, entranced by the young socialite. Smith's naïve and honest nature allows the unforgiving Washington press to take advantage of him, quickly tarnishing Smith's reputation with ridiculous front-page pictures and headlines branding him a yokel.To keep Smith busy, Paine suggests he propose a bill. With the help of his secretary, Clarissa Saunders, who was the aide to Smith's predecessor and had been around Washington and politics for years, Smith comes up with a bill to authorize a federal government loan to buy some land in his home state for a national boys' camp, to be paid back by youngsters across America. Donations pour in immediately. However, the proposed campsite is already part of a dam-building graft scheme included in an appropriations bill framed by the Taylor political machine and supported by Senator Paine.Unwilling to crucify the worshipful Smith so that their graft plan will go through, Paine tells Taylor he wants out, but Taylor reminds him that Paine is in power primarily through Taylor's influence. Paine then advises Smith to keep silent about the matter. The following day, when Smith speaks out about the bill at Senate, the machine in his state — through Paine — accuses Smith of trying to profit from his bill by producing fraudulent evidence that Smith already owns the land in question. Smith is too shocked and angry by Paine's betrayal to defend himself and runs away.Saunders, who looked down on Smith at first, but has come to believe in him, talks him into launching a filibuster to postpone the appropriations bill and prove his innocence on the Senate floor just before the vote to expel him. In his last chance to prove his innocence, he talks non-stop for about 25 hours, reaffirming the American ideals of freedom and disclosing the dam scheme's true motives. Yet none of the senators are convinced.The constituents try to rally around him, but the entrenched opposition is too powerful, and all attempts are crushed. Owing to the influence of Taylor's machine, newspapers and radio stations in Smith's home state, on Taylor's orders, refuse to report what Smith has to say and even distort the facts against the senator. The Boy Rangers' effort to spread the news in support of Smith results in vicious attacks on the children by Taylor's gangsters.Although all hope seems lost, the senators begin to pay attention as Smith approaches utter exhaustion. Paine has one last card up his sleeve: he brings in bins of letters and telegrams from Smith's home state, purportedly from average people demanding his expulsion. Nearly broken by the news, Smith finds a small ray of hope in a friendly smile from the President of the Senate. Smith vows to press on until people believe him but immediately collapses in a faint. Overcome with the pangs of remorse, Paine leaves the Senate chamber and attempts to commit suicide by gunshot but is stopped by onlooking senators. He then bursts back into the Senate chamber, shouting a confession to the whole scheme; the reformed Paine further insists that he must be expelled from the Senate and affirms Smith's innocence to Clarissa's delight. The President of the Senate observes the ensuing chaos with amusement.
137	Big Night (1996)	Drama	On the Jersey Shore in the 1950s, two Italian immigrant brothers from Calabria own and operate a restaurant called "Paradise". One brother, Primo, is a brilliant, perfectionist chef who chafes under their few customers' expectations of Americanized Italian food. Their uncle's offer for them to return to Rome to help with his restaurant is growing in appeal to Primo.The younger brother, Secondo, is the restaurant manager, a man enamoured of the possibilities presented by their new endeavor and life in America. Despite Secondo's efforts and Primo's magnificent food, their restaurant is failing to gain success and recognition.Secondo's struggles as a businessman render him unable to commit to his girlfriend Phyllis, and he has recently been sleeping with Gabriella, the wife of a competitor. Her husband's eponymous restaurant, "Pascal's", has succeeded despite (or perhaps due to) the mediocre, uninspired food served there.Desperate to keep Paradise afloat, Secondo asks Pascal for a loan. Pascal demurs, repeating a past offer for the brothers to work for him, which Secondo refuses: he and his brother want their own restaurant.  In a seemingly generous gesture, Pascal insists that he will persuade popular Italian-American singer Louis Prima to dine at Paradise when in town, assuming the celebrity jazz singer's patronage will revitalize the brothers' business.Primo and Secondo dive into the preparations for this "big night", spending their entire savings on  food, drinks and decoration, inviting numerous people (including a newspaper reporter and Primo's love interest) to join them for a magnificent feast showcasing a timpano (a complex baked pasta dish). Primo pours his heart into every dish, lavishing care and great expertise on the cooking.As they wait for Prima and his entourage to arrive, the dinner party indulges in the exquisite food and partakes in a fabulous celebration. Hours go by, however, and it becomes apparent that the famous singer is not coming, although the reporter, impressed by the food, promises to ask his newspaper to send a food critic to give the restaurant a boost. Phyllis catches Secondo and Gabriella kissing and runs off to the beach. As Gabriella and Pascal leave, she reveals that he never called Louis Prima, thus ending the party.Secondo follows Phyllis to the beach where they have a final quarrel.  Primo and Secondo have a fiery, heart-wrenching argument, chafing at their mutual differences. In the wee hours of the morning, Pascal admits to Secondo that he set the brothers up for failure, not as revenge for Secondo's affair with Gabriella, but because the brothers would have no choice but to work for him.  Secondo refuses him, saying they will never work for him.As dawn breaks, Secondo silently cooks an omelette. When done, he divides it in thirds, giving one to Cristiano,   one for himself, and leaving the remainder in the pan. Primo hesitantly enters, and Secondo serves him the last portion. Cristiano leaves, as the brothers begin to eat. They lay their arms across one another's shoulders, and eat silently.
138	D3: The Mighty Ducks (1996)	Children's, Comedy	After their victory at the Junior Goodwill Games, youth ice-hockey team The Mighty Ducks and their captain Charlie Conway are awarded junior varsity hockey scholarships to Eden Hall Academy, a prestigious Minneapolis-area prep school that Coach Bombay attended. Charlie struggles with his transition from childhood to adolescence; he's outraged at Bombay, who is leaving the Ducks to take a job with the Junior Goodwill Games. In addition, Dean Portman and Jesse Hall have not accepted the scholarships, and thus will not be joining the team. Bombay informs Charlie prior to the start of classes that the team will be in good hands under the coaching of former NHL player Ted Orion.The Ducks' start at the school begins unfavorably. The team faces new challenges, including bullying from the championship-winning Varsity team, the Warriors. Coach Orion is much sterner than Bombay, and insists on learning a new "two-way hockey" defensive style that abandons several Duck traditions and old in-game "trick" plays. These changes lead to Charlie and Orion butting heads, and Orion later strips Charlie of his team captaincy. The team loses Adam Banks when he qualifies to play for Varsity. The Ducks struggle in their opening game of the season, giving up a large lead to the other school. Later, Varsity challenges the Ducks to an unsanctioned early morning match to settle their differences; the Ducks are decisively routed. Witnessing this, Orion revokes the Ducks jerseys, declaring "The Ducks are dead". This causes Charlie and Fulton to quit the team, the former planning return to public school and seek a hockey career, but the latter backs out due to disinterest in continuing hockey.Charlie's acting out alienates him from his mother, teammates, and an ailing Hans. Hans suddenly dies, and Bombay comes to Charlie's house the day after the funeral to take him back to Eden Hall. He tells Charlie that Orion's career with the Minnesota North Stars ended when the team moved to Dallas and he stayed to care for his paraplegic daughter. Bombay tells Charlie the background story on how he first came to coach the Ducks and says he told Orion that Charlie was the heart and soul of the team, and he hoped that both Orion and Charlie would learn something from each other. Emotionally touched by his words and feeling remorse over his behavior towards Orion and his fellow Ducks (including Fulton, who decided to play it by ear regarding hockey and rejoin), Charlie agrees to rejoin the team.Arriving at the team bus for the next game, Charlie tells Orion he wants to play "two-way hockey". Surprised but pleased, Coach Orion welcomes him back. Before they depart, Dean Buckley, the school's headmaster, informs the team that its board of trustees wants to revoke the Ducks' scholarships and offers Orion a chance to start anew with a team of his choice. Satisfied with the team, Orion balks at the news, threatening resignation. At a board meeting the following day, Bombay, who was a practicing lawyer before coaching the Ducks, acts as the Ducks' attorney and fights successfully for their case, threatening the board with an injunction and promising to win the resulting lawsuit if the board expels the Ducks. The board reluctantly reinstates the Duck's scholarships due to Bombay putting them in a no-win situation. Banks subsequently returns to the Ducks.Following Charlie's lead, the team starts following Orion's two-way strategy, and prior to the JV-Varsity game, Orion brings back the Duck jerseys, giving the team a renewed vigor. Throughout the game, the Varsity dominates on offense. However, the Ducks play good defense and manage to keep the game scoreless after two periods. During the second intermission, Dean Portman returns to the team, giving them a much-needed spark. Late in the game, the Ducks get two penalties and must play 5-vs.-3. With seconds left in the match, Charlie gets a breakaway and beats all the defensemen and goalie; he passes the puck back to Goldberg, now a defenseman, who scores into a wide-open net as time expires, securing a 1–0 victory for the Ducks.Following the victory, Charlie embraces Orion and spots Bombay in the crowds, and they both look across the rink to a newly presented Eden Hall banner with the Ducks' logo. Bombay then departs the rink with a smile amid a sea of cheering fans.
139	Love Bug, The (1969)	Children's, Comedy	Jim Douglas is a once-prominent race car driver now relegated to participating in demolition derbies. Residing in a converted firehouse overlooking San Francisco Bay, Jim shares his abode with Tennessee Steinmetz, an eccentric mechanic and sculptor whose artistic creations repurpose discarded automobile components.Jim’s fortunes shift when he visits a European car dealership, where he encounters Carole Bennett, a mechanic and sales associate, as well as Peter Thorndyke, the British proprietor of the establishment. During this visit, Jim notices a peculiar Volkswagen Beetle—a vehicle Thorndyke openly abuses after it is returned to the showroom under mysterious circumstances. Lacking the financial means to procure a vehicle, Jim departs, only to find that the Beetle follows him home. This acquisition leads to a police intervention on charges of grand theft, forcing Jim to reluctantly agree to a lease-purchase arrangement for the car.Initially, Jim is disenchanted with the Beetle, whose idiosyncratic behavior includes avoiding highways and orchestrating encounters with Carole. Suspecting Thorndyke of duping him with a malfunctioning vehicle, Jim remains skeptical until Tennessee discerns the truth: the car possesses sentience. Endearing himself to the Beetle, Tennessee christens the car “Herbie”.Jim and Herbie venture into the competitive world of racing. Despite Thorndyke’s scorn, Herbie secures an unexpected victory in his debut race, followed by a triumph over Thorndyke at Riverside Raceway. A series of successive wins frustrates Thorndyke, who becomes desperate to unearth the source of Jim and Herbie’s success. Resorting to sabotage, Thorndyke compromises Herbie’s performance on the eve of an important race, resulting in a crushing defeat. Disillusioned, Jim decides to replace Herbie with a new Lamborghini, a decision that alienates Carole and Tennessee.Feeling betrayed, Herbie reacts by vandalizing the Lamborghini and fleeing. His escapades culminate in an attempt to leap from the Golden Gate Bridge, prompting Jim to intervene and reconcile with him. At the police station, Tang Wu, a racing enthusiast and local businessman whose property Herbie inadvertently damaged, agrees to an offer from Jim to drop charges in exchange for ownership of Herbie on condition that Jim and Tennessee may race Herbie in the prestigious El Dorado Road race, with the agreement that if Jim wins the race, Mr. Wu will sell Herbie back to him for one dollar. The El Dorado race, a two-day event traversing the Sierra Nevada, becomes the stage for Thorndyke’s underhanded tactics. Despite these obstacles, Jim, Carole, and Tennessee persevere, although the first leg of the race leaves Herbie in a battered state, limping across the finish line using a makeshift wagon wheel. Overnight, Jim can't start Herbie’s engine and tells Mr. Wu that Herbie is in no condition to continue the race. Thorndyke suddenly appears, revealing that he made a separate bet with Mr. Wu that should Herbie drop out of the race, Thorndyke would take possession of the car. When Thorndyke attempts to seize the car, Herbie springs back to life, chasing Thorndyke away.On the final leg, Herbie overcomes numerous challenges to regain his position. As they near the finish line, Herbie splits in two due to mechanical strain caused by Thorndyke's sabotages and Jim's wild driving. His rear half, carrying Tennessee and the engine, crosses the finish line first, while his front half, with Jim and Carole aboard, follows closely, securing both first and third place.In the aftermath, Wu assumes control of Thorndyke’s dealership, appoints Tennessee as his assistant, and relegates Thorndyke to the mechanics’ workshop alongside his accomplice Havershaw. Restored to his former glory, Herbie serves as the vehicle for Jim and Carole’s departure, whisking the newlyweds away on their honeymoon.
140	Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey (1993)	Adventure, Children's	Chance, an immature American Bulldog and the narrator of the film, explains that he is the pet of Jamie Burnford, but expresses no interest in his owner or being part of a family. He shares his home with Shadow, a wise old Golden Retriever owned by Jamie's brother Peter, and Sassy, a pampered Himalayan cat owned by Peter and Jamie's sister Hope. That morning, the children's mother, Laura Burnford, marries Bob Seaver, and Chance causes trouble by devouring the wedding cake in front of all the guests.Shortly after the wedding, the family has to temporarily move to San Francisco because Bob must relocate there for his job. They leave the pets at a ranch belonging to Kate, Laura's college friend. Shadow and Sassy miss their owners immediately, but Chance sees it as an opportunity to relax and be free. Later in the week, Kate goes on a cattle drive, leaving the animals to be looked after by her neighbor Frank. However, half of her message to him is lost, leading him to believe that she has taken them along, leaving the animals alone. Unsure about the disappearance of their host, the animals fear they have been abandoned. Shadow, refusing to think that his boy would abandon him, decides to make his way home. Not wanting to be left alone on the ranch, Chance and Sassy decide to accompany Shadow on his journey.They head into the rocky, mountainous wilderness of the Sierra Nevada with Shadow leading. After a night spent in fear of the woodland noises, the group stops to catch breakfast at a river. However, two black bear cubs interrupt Chance and a large brown bear causes the group to retreat. At another river, Sassy refuses to swim across to follow the dogs and instead tries to cross via a wooden path farther downstream; halfway across, the wood breaks and she falls into the river. Shadow tries to save her, but she goes over a waterfall to her apparent death. Guilt-ridden, Shadow and Chance go on without her. Unknown to them, Sassy survives and is later found on the riverbank by an old man named Quentin, who nurses her back to health.Over the next two days, Shadow and Chance try unsuccessfully to catch food and encounter a mountain lion, which chases them to the edge of a cliff. Shadow gets an idea to use rocks positioned like a seesaw as a way to outsmart the mountain lion. While Shadow acts as bait, Chance pounces onto the end of the rock and sends the mountain lion over the cliff and into a river. Sassy hears the dogs barking in celebration and follows the sound to rejoin them.Meanwhile, Kate returns home to her farm; Frank confronts her about the note she left him, and she tells him that she didn't bring the animals. She contacts a forest ranger and then informs Bob that the animals are lost in the woods. The family grieves their loss, and Peter quarrels with his stepfather over whether or not they should search for them, believing that Bob wanted him to abandon Shadow. Peter tries unsuccessfully to enlist the help of the police, while their spat inspires Bob to send flyers to park rangers in hopes of relocating the animals.The animals continue on their way, but Chance begins harassing a porcupine, ending up with a load of quills in his muzzle. They then encounter a missing little girl named Molly, and following their loyalty instincts they stand guard over her during the night. In the morning, Shadow finds a rescue party and leads them back to the girl. Two forest rangers recognize them from one of the flyers, and take them to the local animal shelter, where the medical staff remove the quills from Chance's muzzle. However, believing it to be an animal pound, the trio panic and Sassy escapes, later returning to free Shadow. Together, they retrieve Chance and escape the shelter, unaware that their owners are on their way to reclaim them.Finally reaching their hometown, the animals cross through a train yard, where Shadow falls into a muddy pit and injures his leg. He despondently tells the others to go on without him, but a heartbroken Chance insists he will not let the older dog give up. Near dusk, Chance and Sassy finally make it home and are happily reunited with their owners. Shadow eventually limps into view behind them, rejuvenated by his reunion with Peter. The film ends with Chance musing about the lessons he's learned, and his new appreciation for his family, before happily running into the house at the smell of food.
141	20,000 Leagues Under the Sea (1954)	Adventure, Children's, Fantasy, Sci-Fi	In 1868, rumors spread of a sea monster attacking ships in the Pacific Ocean. Professor Pierre Aronnax and his assistant, Conseil, are asked to investigate, and board a U.S. Navy frigate. They are joined by master harpooner Ned Land.After months of patrolling, the monster is spotted. The frigate's guncrew open fire, but the monster rams the warship. Ned, Conseil, and Aronnax are thrown overboard while the disabled frigate drifts away. While clinging to wreckage, Aronnax and Conseil come upon a metal vessel and realize the monster is a man-made "submerging boat" that appears deserted. Below decks, Aronnax finds a large viewport and witnesses an underwater funeral, while Ned arrives on an overturned longboat from their ship.Spotted by the divers, Ned, Aronnax, and Conseil attempt to leave in the longboat, but they are captured. The vessel's captain introduces himself as Captain Nemo, master of the Nautilus. He returns Ned and Conseil to the deck while offering Aronnax, whose name he recognizes, the chance to stay. After Aronnax proves willing to die with his companions as the ship submerges, Nemo allows Ned and Conseil to remain aboard.Nemo takes Nautilus to a penal colony island, where the prisoners are loading a munitions ship. Nemo, once a prisoner there as were many of his crew, rams the steamer, destroying it and its crew. Nemo tells Aronnax that he has just saved thousands from death in war, and that "this hated nation" tortured his wife and son to death while attempting to force him to reveal his discoveries. In Nemo's cabin, Ned and Conseil discover the map coordinates of Nemo's secret island base, Vulcania, where Nautilus is now heading. Ned throws messages with Vulcania's coordinates overboard in bottles in the hope of being rescued.Off the coast of New Guinea, Nautilus becomes stranded on a reef. Nemo allows Ned to go ashore with Conseil, ostensibly to collect specimens, while admonishing them to stay on the beach. Ned instead goes exploring for avenues of escape, and finds human skulls posted on stakes. Ned runs back to Conseil, and they row away pursued by cannibals. Aboard Nautilus, the cannibals are repelled by electrical charges sent through its hull, and Nemo confines Ned for disobeying orders.A warship fires upon Nautilus, which descends into the depths, attracting a giant squid. After an electric charge fails to repel the creature, Nemo and his men surface during a storm to dislodge it. Nemo is caught by one of its long tentacles, and Ned, having escaped from captivity, fatally harpoons the squid, and saves Nemo when he is pulled into the sea. Having had a change of heart, Nemo decides to make amends with the world.As Nautilus nears Vulcania, Nemo finds the island surrounded by warships, with marines having disembarked. The Nautilus enters his base through an underwater passage, and surfaces within its extinct volcano lagoon. Nemo rushes ashore to activate a time bomb in order to destroy any evidence of his discoveries but is shot and mortally wounded as he returns onboard. Navigating the submarine to a safe distance from Vulcania, Nemo announces that he will be "taking the Nautilus down for the last time". His crew declare that they will accompany their captain in death.Aronnax, Conseil, and Ned are confined to their cabins, while Nautilus's crew retreat to their own at Nemo's instructions. Ned, refusing to be part of the suicide pact, escapes and surfaces the submarine, striking a reef in the process, causing Nautilus to flood. Nemo dies while viewing his beloved undersea domain through the hull's viewport.Aronnax tries retrieving his journal, but the urgency of their escape obliges Ned to knock him unconscious and carry him out. Aboard Nautilus's skiff, the three companions, along with Esmeralda, Nemo’s pet sea lion, witness Vulcania explode. A large, billowing mushroom cloud rises above the island's destruction. Ned apologizes to Aronnax for striking him, but Aronnax concedes that the loss of his journal might have been for the best. As Nautilus sinks, Nemo's last words to Aronnax echo: "There is hope for the future. And when the world is ready for a new and better life, all this will someday come to pass... in God's good time."
142	Bedknobs and Broomsticks (1971)	Adventure, Children's, Musical	In August 1940, during the Blitz, three orphans named Charles, Carrie, and Paul Rawlins are evacuated from London to Pepperinge Eye near the Dorset coast where they are placed in the reluctant care of Miss Eglantine Price, who agrees to the arrangement temporarily. They attempt to run back to London, but change their minds after observing Miss Price flying on a broomstick. Revealing that she is learning witchcraft through a correspondence school with hopes of using her spells in the British war effort against the Nazis, Miss Price offers the children a transportation spell on a bedknob in exchange for their silence, which they accept. Later, she receives a letter from her school announcing its closure, thus preventing her from learning the final spell. She convinces the children to use the bedknob to go to London and locate her teacher Professor Emelius Browne.Mr. Browne turns out to be a charismatic street magician who created the course from an old book as a joke, only to be shocked to learn that the spells work. He gives the book to Miss Price, who is distraught to discover the final spell, Substitutiary Locomotion, is missing key pages. The group travels to Portobello Road to locate the old bookseller who sold Browne the book; the missing pages reveal that the spell is not in the book, but engraved on the Star of Astoroth, a medallion that belonged to a sorcerer of that name. The bookseller explains that Astoroth experimented with magic on animals before anthropomorphism drove the animals to kill the wizard, take the medallion, and flee to the remote island of Naboombu. According to a notation in the book, a 17th-century lascar had claimed to have seen Naboombu, but the bookseller never found it. Paul confirms its existence by revealing a storybook that he found in Browne's townhouse.The group travels to Naboombu and lands in a lagoon, where Mr. Browne and Miss Price enter a dance contest and win first prize before the bed is fished out by a bear, who informs the group that humans are not allowed on the island by royal decree. They are brought before the ruler King Leonidas, who is wearing the Star of Astoroth. Mr. Browne acts as a referee in a soccer match in order to appease King Leonidas and the animals' love for the game. The chaotic match ends in King Leonidas' self-proclaimed victory, but Mr. Browne swaps the medallion with his referee whistle, and the group escapes back to Miss Price's house. Miss Price exercises the Substitutiary Locomotion spell, which imbues inanimate objects with life, but they quickly go out of control. When she is informed that the children can be moved to another home, she decides to let them stay, realizing she has come to care for them and vice versa. Mr. Browne later bids goodbye to the group and sleeps at the train station so that he can catch a train back to London in the morning.A platoon of Nazi German commandos land on the coast via U-boat, invading Miss Price's house to use as their headquarters for a fear-spreading raid while imprisoning her and the children in the local museum. At the train station, Mr. Browne subdues two Nazis and heads back to Miss Price's house, where he turns himself into a white rabbit to avoid the army. Reuniting with Miss Price and the children at the museum, Mr. Browne inspires Miss Price to use the Substitutiary Locomotion spell to enchant the exhibits into an army. The army of knights' armor and military uniforms chases the Nazis away, but not before they destroy Miss Price's workshop, breaking the spell and ending her career as a witch. Despite the setback, Miss Price is happy that she played a small part in the war effort.Shortly afterward, Miss Price has officially adopted the children while Mr. Browne has enlisted in the army and departs with the local Home Guard escorting him, promising that he will return and sharing a kiss with Miss Price. Paul reveals he still has the enchanted bedknob, implying they can continue on with their adventures.
143	Sound of Music, The (1965)	Musical	In 1938 in Salzburg, at the end of the Federal State of Austria regime, Maria is a free-spirited young Austrian woman studying to become a nun at Nonnberg Abbey. However, her youthful enthusiasm and lack of discipline cause some concern. Mother Abbess sends Maria to the villa of retired naval officer Captain Georg von Trapp to be the new governess to his seven children: Liesl, Friedrich, Louisa, Kurt, Brigitta, Marta, and Gretl. The Captain has been raising his children using strict military discipline following their mother's death; they have scared away several governesses by playing tricks. Although the children misbehave at first, Maria responds with kindness and patience, and soon the children come to trust and respect her.While the Captain is away in Vienna, Maria makes playclothes for the children out of drapes that are to be changed. She takes them around Salzburg and the mountains while teaching them how to sing. When the Captain returns to the villa with Baroness Elsa Schraeder, a wealthy socialite, and their mutual friend Max Detweiler, they are greeted by Maria and the children returning from a boat ride on the lake, which ends abruptly when their boat overturns. Displeased by his children's clothes and activities along with Maria's impassioned appeal that he get closer to his children, the Captain attempts to fire Maria. However, he hears singing from inside the house and is astonished to see his children singing for the Baroness. Filled with emotion, the Captain joins his children, singing for the first time in years. The Captain apologizes to Maria and asks her to stay.Impressed by the children's singing, Max proposes that he enter them in the upcoming Salzburg Festival, but the Captain disapproves of letting his children sing in public. During a grand party at the villa, where guests in formal attire waltz in the ballroom, Maria and the children look on from the garden terrace. When the Captain notices Maria teaching Kurt the traditional Ländler folk dance, he steps in and partners Maria in a graceful performance, culminating in a close embrace. Confused about her feelings, Maria blushes and breaks away. Later, the Baroness, who noticed the Captain's attraction to Maria, hides her jealousy by indirectly convincing Maria that she must return to the abbey.Mother Abbess learns that Maria has stayed in seclusion to avoid her growing romantic feelings for the Captain, so she encourages her to return to the villa to look for her purpose in life. When Maria returns to the villa, she learns about the Captain's engagement to the Baroness and agrees to stay until they find a replacement governess. However, the Baroness learns that the Captain's feelings for Maria have not changed, so she peacefully calls off the engagement and returns to Vienna while encouraging the Captain to express his feelings for Maria, who marries him.While the couple is on their honeymoon, Max enters the children into the Salzburg Festival against their father's wishes. Having learned that Austria has been annexed by the Third Reich, the couple return to their home, where the Captain receives a telegram, ordering him to report to the German Naval base at Bremerhaven to accept a commission in the Kriegsmarine. Strongly opposed to the Nazis and their ideology, the Captain tells his family they must leave Austria immediately.That night, the Trapp family attempt to flee to Switzerland, but they are stopped by a group of Brownshirts, led by the Gauleiter Hans Zeller, waiting outside the villa. To cover his family's tracks, the Captain maintains they are headed to the Salzburg Festival to perform. Zeller insists on escorting them to the festival, after which his men will accompany the Captain to Bremerhaven.Later that night at the festival, during their final number, the Trapp family slips away and seeks shelter at the abbey, where Mother Abbess hides them in the cemetery crypt. Zeller and his men soon arrive and search the abbey, but the family is able to escape using the caretaker's car. When Zeller's men attempt to pursue, they discover their cars will not start since two of the nuns have sabotaged their engines. The next morning—after driving to the Swiss border—the Trapp family makes its way on foot across the frontier into Switzerland to safety and freedom.
144	Die Hard (1988)	Action, Thriller	On Christmas Eve, New York City Police Department (NYPD) Detective John McClane arrives in Los Angeles, hoping to reconcile with his estranged wife, Holly, at a party held by her employer, the Nakatomi Corporation. He is driven to Nakatomi Plaza by a limo driver, Argyle, who offers to wait for McClane in the garage. While McClane washes himself, the tower is seized by the German radical Hans Gruber and his heavily armed team, including Karl and Theo. Everyone in the tower is taken hostage except for McClane, who slips away, and Argyle, who remains oblivious to events.Gruber is posing as a terrorist to steal the $640 million in untraceable bearer bonds in the building's vault. He kills executive Joseph Takagi after failing to extract the access code from him and tasks Theo with breaking into the vault. The terrorists are alerted to McClane's presence, and Karl's brother, Tony, is sent after him. McClane kills Tony and takes his weapon and radio, which he uses to contact the skeptical Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD). Sergeant Al Powell is sent to investigate. Meanwhile, McClane kills more terrorists and recovers their bag of C-4 and detonators. Realizing Powell is about to leave, having found nothing amiss, McClane drops a terrorist's corpse onto his car. After Powell calls for backup, a SWAT team attempts to storm the building but is counterattacked by the terrorists. McClane throws some C-4 down an elevator shaft, causing an explosion that kills some of the terrorists and ends the counterattack.Holly's co-worker Harry Ellis attempts to negotiate on Gruber's behalf but is killed by Gruber when McClane refuses to surrender. While checking the explosives on the roof, Gruber encounters McClane and pretends to be an escaped hostage; McClane gives Gruber a gun. Gruber attempts to shoot McClane but finds the weapon is unloaded, and he is saved only by the intervention of other terrorists. McClane escapes but is injured by shattered glass and loses the detonators. Outside, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) agents take control. They order the power to be shut off, which, as Gruber had anticipated, disables the final vault lock so his team can collect the bonds.The FBI agrees to Gruber's demand for a helicopter, intending to send helicopter gunships to eliminate the group. McClane realizes Gruber plans to blow the roof to kill the hostages and fake his team's deaths. Karl, enraged by Tony's death, attacks McClane and is seemingly killed. Gruber sees a news report by Richard Thornburg on McClane's children and infers that he is Holly's husband. The hostages are taken to the roof while Gruber keeps Holly with him. McClane drives the hostages from the roof just before Gruber detonates it and destroys the approaching FBI helicopters. Meanwhile, Theo retrieves an escape vehicle from the parking garage but is knocked out by Argyle, who has been following events on the limo's CB radio.A weary and battered McClane finds Holly with Gruber and his remaining henchman. McClane seemingly surrenders to Gruber and is about to be shot but grabs his concealed service pistol taped to his back and uses his last two bullets to wound Gruber and kill his accomplice. Gruber crashes through a window but grabs onto Holly's wristwatch and makes a last-ditch attempt to kill the pair. McClane unclasps the watch, and Gruber falls to his death. Outside, Karl ambushes McClane and Holly; Karl is shot dead by Powell. Holly punches Thornburg when he attempts to interview McClane. Argyle crashes through the parking garage door in the limo and drives McClane and Holly away together.
145	Lawnmower Man, The (1992)	Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller	Dr. Lawrence Angelo, a scientist at Virtual Space Industries (VSI), conducts experiments using psychoactive drugs and virtual reality to enhance cognitive performance in a program called "Project 5." Although Angelo's intentions are benevolent, VSI is funded by "The Shop", a clandestine organization seeking military applications for his research. One of his test subjects, a chimpanzee named Rosco, gains enhanced intelligence, warfare training, and increased aggression; he eventually escapes but is killed by the laboratory's security forces. In response, Angelo decides to recruit Jobe Smith, an intellectually disabled gardener, as a new test subject, promising him increased intelligence. Angelo redesigns the treatments to eliminate the "aggression factors" used in the chimpanzee experiments. Not only does Jobe's intelligence improve, but he also develops psychokinesis and telepathy. He continues his training at the lab until an accident forces Angelo to halt the experiment.Sebastian Timms, the project director, monitors the progress and secretly replaces Angelo's new medications with the original Project 5 formula. When Jobe invites his new lover Marnie to the lab for cybersex, he accidentally lobotomizes her. Undeterred, Jobe continues the treatments on his own and begins killing those who mistreated him in the past, as well as Harold Parkette, the abusive father of his 10-year-old friend, Peter. Angelo discovers the drug switch and confronts Jobe, who captures him and reveals his plan to achieve the ultimate stage of evolution by transforming into a being of "pure energy" within the VSI computer mainframe, intending to connect to all the world's computer systems. Jobe vows that his "birth" will be signaled by every phone on Earth ringing simultaneously.The Shop sends a team to capture Jobe, but he uses his newfound abilities to destroy them. Jobe then enters the VSI mainframe, abandoning his physical body and becoming a digital being. Angelo remotely accesses the VSI computer, encrypting its connections to the outside world, thereby trapping Jobe in the mainframe. As Jobe frantically searches for an unencrypted network, Angelo sets bombs to destroy the building. Feeling responsible for Jobe's fate, Angelo enters virtual reality, attempting to reason with him one last time, even if it means dying together. Jobe overpowers Angelo, crucifying his digital form. When Peter enters the building, Jobe realizes the boy is in danger from the bombs. Out of lingering care for Peter, Jobe allows Angelo to escape the mainframe to save the child. Jobe himself escapes through a maintenance line just before the building explodes.Later, Angelo is at home with Peter and his mother, Carla, when the telephone rings. Soon, another phone rings, followed by phones ringing worldwide——Jobe's signal that he has succeeded.
146	Unhook the Stars (1996)	Drama	Mildred is a widow living with her rebellious, irresponsible twentysomething daughter Annie in Salt Lake City. One day after a fight, Annie goes to live as a vagrant with her boyfriend, leaving Mildred alone for the first time in her life. Her wayward neighbor Monica knocks on Mildred's door, begging her to watch her young son J.J. so she can go to her work shift. Monica has kicked her abusive husband Frankie out of their house.Mildred agrees to watch J.J., and offers to babysit and take him to school whenever Monica needs her to. Establishing a close relationship with J.J. and Monica, he eventually comes to refer to her as "Auntie Mildred." Mildred reads to him, takes him to the park, and educates him on history by reading from her encyclopedias. At Thanksgiving, Mildred invites Monica and J.J. over for dinner as well as her yuppie son Ethan and his wife Jeannie. Jeannie is perturbed by Monica's brash behavior and cursing, though Ethan and Mildred seem disaffected by her personality. Ethan suggests that Mildred should move to San Francisco with him and Jeannie.Mildred spends Christmas with Monica and J.J., and babysits him on New Year's Eve. On Valentine's Day, Frankie comes to Monica's in the middle of the night, begging to reunite with her. She quietly listens to his pleas, but does not open the door. Monica gets a babysitter for J.J. so she can go out for a night with Mildred, taking her to a local pub where she introduces her to her friend Big Tommy, a truck driver who expresses interest in Mildred. Monica leaves the bar without telling Mildred, so Big Tommy gives Mildred a ride home.Mildred goes to visit Ethan and Jeannie in San Francisco, where he invites her to live on the top floor of their luxurious house overlooking the Bay Area, and reveals that Jeannie is pregnant. She ultimately refuses Ethan's offer, enraging him. Mildred returns home to find that Monica and Frankie have reconciled, and J.J. begins spending more time with his father, leaving Mildred depressed and alone.One night, Mildred returns home to find Annie there. She asks if she could return home, saying that she now has a job and is applying to college. However, Mildred tells her that she has sold the house, and has to be out by the end of the month. Mildred goes on a date with Tommy, and confesses she doesn't know where she's moving to.While Monica helps Mildred pack her house, she tells her how much Frankie has improved as a husband, but senses Mildred's distance. Frankie brings J.J. over, and he asks to talk to Mildred in private. J.J. gives her a drawing and thanks her for taking care of him, and the three say their goodbyes. Annie drives Mildred to the airport, though Mildred refuses to tell her where she's going, saying it's a secret.
147	Long Kiss Goodnight, The (1996)	Action, Thriller	Samantha Caine is a schoolteacher in small-town Honesdale, Pennsylvania, living with her boyfriend, Hal, and her daughter, Caitlin. Eight years earlier, she was found washed ashore on a New Jersey beach, pregnant with Caitlin, and totally amnesiac. Having never remembered her real name, "Samantha" has hired several ineffective private investigators to discover her past, the latest being the down-on-his-luck Mitch Henessey. During the Christmas holidays, Samantha is involved in a car accident and suffers a mild concussion; when she recovers, she finds she possesses skills with a knife that she cannot explain. Shortly thereafter, the family home is broken into by "One-Eyed Jack", a convict who escaped from jail after seeing Samantha's face on television.  Samantha demonstrates her fighting prowess by killing Jack bare-handed. Worried that she poses a danger to Hal and Caitlin, she leaves with Mitch, who has found a suitcase belonging to her, to seek out answers.The suitcase contains a note directing them to Dr. Nathan Waldman. They arrange to meet at a train station, unaware that government agents are tapping the doctor's calls. En route, Samantha discovers the bottom of the suitcase contains a disassembled sniper rifle which she can expertly reassemble, along with other weapons.  When Samantha and Mitch go to meet Waldman at the station, they are attacked by a team of agents who shoot numerous bystanders, but they escape with Waldman's help. The doctor informs her that she is really an expert CIA assassin, Charlene Elizabeth "Charly" Baltimore, who had disappeared eight years earlier.Unsure if they can trust Waldman, Samantha and Mitch leave him behind and seek another contact named on a note in the suitcase, Luke, believing he may be Charly's fiancé. Waldman catches up with them, trying to warn them that Luke is actually Charly's last assassination target, "Daedalus." However, Luke kills Dr. Waldman before he can warn them. Samantha is then tortured with repeated near-drowning experiences for information. During this process, her real identity fully resurfaces and her memory returns. Samantha frees herself, kills Luke, and escapes with Mitch. She completes her physical transformation back to Charly, cutting her hair and dying it platinum blonde. Charly realizes that her "Samantha Caine" personality was a cover to get near Daedalus eight years earlier.A psychological-operations specialist named Timothy, with whom Charly once had a romantic relationship, kidnaps Caitlin.Charly and Mitch learn about Daedalus' involvement in "Project Honeymoon", which she disrupted on her mission, resulting in One-Eyed Jack's incarceration. The project was intended to be a false flag chemical bomb detonation in Niagara Falls, planned by the CIA in an attempt to blame Islamic terrorists to secure more funding.  Charly realizes that Timothy and a new group are plotting to restage the attack led by CIA Director Leland Perkins. In Niagara Falls, where Timothy has taken Caitlin, he captures Mitch and Charly. She tells Timothy that he is Caitlin's biological father and implores him not to hurt their daughter. However, Timothy is ultimately unmoved, locking Charly and Caitlin in a freezer to kill them.Charly and Caitlin break out of the freezer by detonating barrels of kerosene and then freeing Mitch, who helps Charly attack the staging area. This forces Timothy to launch the attack early.Meanwhile, Caitlin locks herself in a cage on the truck carrying the bomb. Charly chases the truck, overpowers its driver, diverts it from a Christmas parade, and overturns it on the Niagara Falls International Bridge leading to Canada.Charly frees Caitlin but they cannot get away from the bomb, which is about to explode, as Timothy and his agents attack them from a helicopter. Mitch suddenly arrives in a car, picking up Charly and Caitlin and entering Canada just before the bomb explodes, which kills Timothy and his forces and destroys the bridge.In an epilogue, Charly has returned to her assumed identity as Samantha Caine, moving with Caitlin and Hal to a remote farmhouse and declining an offer from the President to join the State Department (which could imply rejoining the CIA). Mitch enjoys the publicity attracted by his role in the crisis and is interviewed by Larry King on television about Perkins, who was indicted for treason.
148	Ghost and the Darkness, The (1996)	Action, Adventure	In 1898, Robert Beaumont, the primary financier of a railway project in Tsavo, Kenya, seeks out the expertise of Lt. Colonel John Henry Patterson, an Anglo-Irish military engineer, to get the project on schedule. Patterson travels from England to Tsavo, promising his wife, Helena, that he will complete the bridge and be back in London for the birth of their child. Shortly after his arrival, he meets British supervisor Angus Starling, Kenyan foreman Samuel, and Doctor David Hawthorne. Hawthorne informs Patterson of a recent lion attack that has affected the undertaking.That same night, Patterson ends the life of an approaching lion with a single gunshot, earning the respect of the laborers and allowing them to resume their activities safely. Only a few weeks after, however, Mahina, the construction foreman, is dragged from his tent. At sunrise, his mutilated body is recovered, and Patterson tries another night-time hunt, seeking to catch the lion that ate Mahina. In the morning, he is informed by Starling that the corpse of a second worker has been found at the opposing end of the camp from his position.Patterson, heeding the advice of Samuel, employs the workers in building thorn fences around the tents in order to prevent any lions from entering. Several days later, in broad daylight, a lion assails the camp, killing another worker. As Patterson, Starling, and Samuel corner the lion while it is feasting on the body, another lion leaps upon them from the roof of a building, slicing Starling across the throat and injuring Patterson on the left arm. Patterson recovers and attempts to shoot them, but both lions escape. Samuel states that there has never been a pair of man-eaters before; they have always been solitary hunters.The workers, led by a man named Abdullah, begin to turn on Patterson and, consequently, progress on the bridge comes to a halt. Patterson requests soldiers from England as protection, but he is denied. During a brief visit to the site, Beaumont threatens Patterson that, should his commission not be concluded on time, he will tarnish his reputation. He also announces that he will be contacting the famed hunter Charles Remington to help Patterson in eliminating the threat due to his past failures.A short time later, Remington reaches Tsavo with the company of skilled Maasai warriors, who dub the lions "the Ghost" and "the Darkness" because of their notorious methods. Remington's initial attempt to trap one lion in a thicket fails when Patterson's borrowed gun misfires. The warriors decide to leave, daunted by the beast, but Remington elects to stay behind. He constructs a new hospital tent for sick and injured workers and tempts the lions to the abandoned building with animal parts and blood. The man-eaters seemingly fall for the trap, but Remington and Patterson shoot at them, and they retreat to the new hospital, slaughtering many patients and Hawthorne.Abdullah and the workers depart, leaving Patterson, Remington, and Samuel alone. The former two locate the animals' lair and discover the bones of dozens of victims, leading Remington to the realization that the lions are acting as they have been merely for sport. Back at camp that evening, Patterson mounts a hunting stand in a clearing and lures one of the predators to his position using a baboon as bait. The plan goes awry after Patterson falls from the stand, but Remington manages to slay the feline before it can leap on Patterson. He, Patterson, and Samuel spend the remainder of the night drinking and celebrating, but the next morning, Patterson awakes to find that the remaining lion has devoured Remington as he and Samuel slept.The two men cremate Remington's remains and burn the tall grass surrounding the camp, driving the surviving lion toward the trap that they have set there. It ambushes them on the partially constructed bridge and, after a lengthy chase, Patterson finally dispatches it with a double-rifle Samuel has thrown to him from a nearby tree. Abdullah and the workers return, and the bridge is completed on time. Patterson reunites with Helena and meets their son for the first time.
149	Jude (1996)	Drama	In the Victorian period, Jude Fawley is a bright young working-class man who dreams of a university education. Circumstances conspire against him, and he is forced into a job as a stonemason and an unhappy marriage to a country girl, Arabella. He remains true to his dream and, months later, after his wife's sudden departure, he heads for the city. He thinks education is available for any man who is willing to work hard. However, he is rejected by the university based primarily on his lower-class status. During this period, he encounters his cousin, Sue Bridehead, who is beautiful and intelligent, and shares his disdain for convention. Whilst Jude is enraptured by Sue, and vice versa, she marries Jude's former school teacher, Phillotson, after Jude tells her he is married to Arabella.The marriage of Sue and Phillotson is not a success, as she refuses to give herself sexually or romantically to her husband. She leaves Phillotson to join Jude in what turns out to be a rough life, moving from place to place as Jude picks up occasional work as a stonemason. Jude learns that Arabella bore a son, whom she named Jude ("Juey") soon after she left Jude. The boy comes to live with his father Jude, and Sue. Sue gives birth to two children. Agnostic and independent, she refuses to legalise their arrangement by marriage.Sue and Jude are forbidden a permanent rental lodging because their living arrangement without marriage is considered scandalous. Sue tells Juey that the family cannot stay long at their present lodging because there are too many of them. The next day Sue and Jude return to their lodging to find that Juey has killed his half-siblings and committed suicide, hanging himself. His suicide note says the reason: "Becos we were to menny."Each of the couple falls into a deep depression after the deaths of their children. Turning to the religion she previously rejected, Sue comes to believe that God has judged and punished the couple for not having married. She decides to return to Phillotson, although she finds him sexually repugnant, as he is her true husband in the eyes of God.A year after the death of their children, Jude and Sue happen to meet when separately visiting the tombstones of their children. They both look worse for wear. Jude demands that Sue tell him whether she still loves him, to which she replies, "You've always known". After a passionate kiss, she walks away from Jude to return to Phillotson.As Sue walks away, Jude shouts to her, "We are man and wife, if ever two people were on this earth!"
150	Swingers (1996)	Comedy, Drama	Mike Peters is a struggling comedian who left New York to find success in Los Angeles and is still upset over the break-up with his girlfriend of six years, Michelle, six months prior. To help Mike with his depression, his womanizing friend Trent and some other aspiring actor friends try to get him back into the social scene.The movie opens with Mike telling his friend Rob about how desperately he misses Michelle and that she has not called him. Rob explains that "somehow" women "know" not to call their ex-boyfriends until they have completely moved on from them.To help Mike recover, Trent coaxes him into an impromptu trip to Las Vegas. Trent succeeds in picking up two waitresses, but Mike's obsession with Michelle ruins Trent's plans. The women seem interested, but Mike spoils the mood, telling his date about her.Back in Los Angeles, Mike, Rob and other friends golf, play video games, and go out. They are all trying to make it in the entertainment industry. Then they go bar hopping, stopping at a party, and later an after-hours spot, where Trent demonstrates his prowess in handling the opposite sex. Inspired by this, Mike meets a woman named Nikki and gets her phone number. His friends insist he wait two days minimum before calling. In the parking lot, some thugs accost Sue who retaliates by drawing a gun, scaring the thugs and his friends. Sue upsets Mike, ridiculing his unhealthy obsession with his ex prompting Mike to reconsider his behaviour and try to move on.Back at his apartment, however, he leaves a series of increasingly desperate messages on Nikki's answering machine in the middle of the night, before she answers telling him to never call her again. Missing Michelle more than ever, he contemplates moving back to New York until Rob comes over and consoles him.Out again for swing night at The Derby, Mike spots a woman named Lorraine. He summons all his courage to approach and connect with her. She has also recently come out of a relationships and moved to LA, and they dance swing together.The following morning, Mike receives a call from Michelle, and finds that he no longer misses her. When Lorraine calls him, Mike cuts off his call with Michelle mid-sentence while she is about to say she loves him, to further things with Lorraine. Like him, Lorraine had disregarded friends' advice to wait days before calling.The next day, the buddies meet at a coffee shop. Trent makes a fool of himself over a pretty redhead in a case of mistaken identity. Mike smirks, knowing that his life is moving forward while Trent is stuck in the past.
151	Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory (1971)	Adventure, Children's, Comedy	Charlie Bucket, a poor paperboy, passes Willy Wonka's chocolate factory, where a tinker tells him that nobody ever enters or exits the building. Charlie's Grandpa Joe reveals that Wonka had shut down the factory due to espionage from rival confectioners. Though production resumed three years later, the factory remained closed to the public and the new workers are unknown.Wonka announces that he has hidden five Golden Tickets in Wonka Bars; the finders of the tickets will receive a private tour of the factory and a lifetime supply of chocolate. The first four tickets are found by gluttonous Augustus Gloop, spoiled Veruca Salt, gum-chewer Violet Beauregarde, and television-addicted Mike Teevee. A mysterious man is seen whispering to each child. On the day before the factory tour, Charlie finds money in a gutter and uses it to purchase a Wonka Bar, which contains the fifth Golden Ticket. On his way home, he encounters the man who spoke to the other winners. Introducing himself as Arthur Slugworth, one of Wonka's rivals, the man offers Charlie a large sum of money in exchange for a sample of Wonka's latest invention, the Everlasting Gobstopper. Arriving home with the Golden Ticket, Charlie chooses Grandpa Joe as his chaperone. The next day, Wonka greets the children at the factory gates and leads them inside, where they are made to sign a contract. Inside, they meet the Oompa-Loompas, Wonka's workforce, and receive Everlasting Gobstoppers. One by one, each child is expelled from the tour except for Charlie: Augustus is sucked up a pipe after falling into the Chocolate River, Violet swells into a giant blueberry from chewing experimental gum, Veruca falls down a garbage chute, and Mike shrinks after misusing the Wonkavision teleporter. At one point, Charlie and Grandpa Joe sample Fizzy Lifting Drinks, causing them to float dangerously close to a large fan; they descend safely by burping.When the tour is over, Wonka denies Charlie and Grandpa Joe their chocolate prize, citing their violation of the contract by consuming the Fizzy Lifting Drinks. Grandpa Joe urges Charlie to give the Gobstopper to Slugworth, but Charlie chooses to return it to Wonka instead. Wonka declares Charlie the winner of the contest, reveals that "Slugworth" was an impostor — one of his employees — and the offer was a test of character. As the three fly over the town in the Wonkavator, a multi-directional glass elevator, Wonka explains that he created the contest to find a worthy successor and invites Charlie and his family to come and live in the factory.
152	Sleeper (1973)	Comedy, Sci-Fi	Miles Monroe is a jazz musician and owner of the Happy Carrot health-food store in New York City's Greenwich Village. He walks into the hospital in 1973 for a routine ulcer operation that goes wrong, leaving him relegated to 200 years of anonymous cryopreservation. Two scientists in 2173 illegally revive him. They are members of an underground rebellion at odds with the police state the United States had become after the massive destruction caused when "a man named Albert Shanker got a hold of a nuclear warhead." It is ostensibly ruled by a dictator known only as "The Leader", and about to implement a secret plan known as the "Aries Project". The rebels hope to use Miles as a spy to infiltrate and derail it, as he is the only member of the dystopian society without a known biometric identity.The authorities grow suspicious and arrive in force to question the scientists, who are arrested and taken to have their brains "electronically simplified". Miles escapes by disguising himself as a robot, which is then randomly delivered to work in the home of idle socialite Luna Schlosser. When Luna decides to have her new butler's rather unattractive head replaced with something more "aesthetically pleasing", Miles reveals his true identity. Spooked at his disclosure and unsympathetic to the rebels, she threatens to turn him in to the authorities. In response, Miles kidnaps her and goes on the run, searching for the Aries Project.After much bickering, Miles and Luna fall in love. Miles is captured and brainwashed into becoming a complacent member of society, while Luna escapes and joins the rebellion. The rebels kidnap Miles and perform successful reverse-brainwashing. Miles falls into the routine of rebel life, but grows jealous when he catches Luna kissing the handsome, hunky rebel leader, Erno Windt, and she announces that she has come to believe in free love.Miles tries to win Luna back. Eventually, he and Luna infiltrate the Aries Project, wherein they quickly learn that the national Leader had been killed by a rebel bomb ten months previously. All that survives is his nose. Miles and Luna disguise themselves as doctors, resulting in a case of mistaken identity, causing them to be placed in charge of cloning the Leader from his sole remaining part. Miles steals the nose and deadends the government's cloning scheme by dropping the nose in the path of a road roller.The pair escape, and later debate their future together. Miles tells Luna that Erno will inevitably become as corrupt as the Leader, as that is how all revolutions end up. Miles and Luna confess their love for one another, but she claims that science has proven men and women cannot have meaningful relationships due to chemical incompatibilities. Miles dismisses this theory, declaring that he does not believe in science. Luna then points out that he does not believe in God or political systems either, and asks if there is anything he does believe in. He responds, "Sex and death—two things that come once in a lifetime. But at least after death, you're not nauseous." The two embrace and kiss.
153	Fish Called Wanda, A (1988)	Comedy	London-based gangster George Thomason plans a jewel heist with his right-hand man, Ken Pile, an animal lover with a stutter. They bring in two Americans: con artist Wanda Gershwitz and weapons expert Otto West, a volatile anglophobe. Wanda and Otto are lovers, but pretend to be siblings so Wanda can work her charms on Ken and George. The heist succeeds and the gang escapes with a large sum in diamonds, which they hide. Wanda and Otto then betray George to the police and he is arrested. They return to collect the loot, with Wanda planning to double-cross Otto as well, but it is gone: suspecting duplicity, George had moved it to a safe deposit box and given Ken the key. Wanda sees Ken hide it in his fish tank, steals it, and conceals it in her locket.To learn where the box is, Wanda decides to seduce George's barrister, Archie Leach. He is in a loveless marriage and quickly falls for her, but Otto's jealous interference causes their liaisons to go disastrously wrong. When Wanda accidentally leaves her locket at Archie's house his wife, Wendy, finds it and delightedly assumes it was a gift for her. Wanda demands that Archie retrieve her keepsake, but Wendy will not give it up. He then fakes a robbery at his home as a cover for its disappearance, but this too is interrupted and foiled by Otto. Archie is later able to retrieve the locket, and returns it to Wanda at their next tryst, this time unraveled by innocent intruders. Realizing he will be unable to give her all she seeks, he subsequently telephones her to call off their affair. Otto arrives at Archie's house seeking to apologize for his rudeness, but Wendy overhears their conversation and learns of Archie's liaison.George asks Ken to eliminate the Crown's only eyewitness to the robbery, the elderly Eileen Coady. Ken repeatedly tries, but each time accidentally kills one of her three small dogs instead, which as an animal lover causes him great distress. Finally, the last grisly death gives Mrs Coady a fatal heart attack. With no witness, George seems poised to be released. He gives instructions to Ken, revealing the location of the diamonds. When Otto learns that Ken knows this, he tortures him into revealing it by tying him up and putting various items of food up his nostrils and in his mouth before eating all of his pet tropical fish alive, one by one, leaving Ken's favorite, named Wanda, until last. Ken divulges that the diamonds are at the Cathcart Towers Hotel near Heathrow Airport, but does not know that Wanda has the key.Even with Otto's knowledge and Wanda's key, the two still need George to remain in prison. Testifying as a defense witness at his trial, Wanda unexpectedly gives evidence incriminating him. Archie is stunned by her statements and flubs his questioning, inadvertently calling her "darling". Wendy, watching from the public gallery, declares their marriage over. Promising less prison time, Archie asks George about the diamonds and learns of Otto and Wanda's complicity and that Ken knows their location. Archie sees Wanda fleeing the court and shunts her into his car. With his career and marriage ruined, Archie resolves to cut his losses, throw in with her, steal the loot, and flee to South America together.They race to Ken's flat. While Archie interrogates him, Otto steals Archie's car, with Wanda in it. Archie painstakingly draws out from an uncontrollably stuttering Ken that the safe deposit box is at an airport hotel. They then set out for Heathrow on Ken's moped. Otto and Wanda recover the diamonds, but Wanda double-crosses him and saps him unconscious in a Heathrow broom cupboard. She reluctantly boards her flight to Rio de Janeiro without Archie. Otto recovers, steals a boarding pass, and makes his way to the tarmac, where he is confronted by Archie. Otto is about to kill him, but is stalled while Ken approaches on a steamroller, seeking vengeance for his fish. Otto inadvertently steps into wet concrete and finds that he cannot move; Ken runs him over, allowing Archie to escape and join Wanda aboard the plane. Improbably, Otto again appears seeking to derail things between them — covered in encrusted concrete, he clings outside their window until he is blown off during take-off. An epilogue relates that Archie and Wanda were married in Rio, had seventeen children, and founded a leper colony; Ken, having lost his stutter upon getting revenge on Otto, became Master of Ceremonies at SeaWorld; and Otto became the Minister of Justice for South Africa.
154	Monty Python's Life of Brian (1979)	Comedy	The Monty Python comedy troupe branched off into a variety of different media after the success of their sketch comedy television series, Monty Python's Flying Circus.
155	Dirty Dancing (1987)	Musical, Romance	In the summer of 1963, teenager Frances "Baby" Houseman is vacationing with her family—cardiologist father Jake, mother Marge and older sister Lisa—at Kellerman's, an upscale Catskills resort in the Borscht Belt owned by Jake's sarcastic best friend Max. Exploring one night, Baby secretly observes Max instructing the waiters, all Ivy League students, to romance the guests' daughters, no matter how unattractive. Max also demeans the working-class entertainment staff, including Johnny Castle, one of the dance instructors. Baby is attracted to Johnny and dances briefly with him after his kindhearted cousin, Billy, introduces them at a secret "dirty dancing" party for resort staff. Max's grandson Neil flirts with Baby in the meantime.Baby learns Johnny's dance partner Penny is pregnant by Robbie, a waiter and womanizer who attends the Yale School of Medicine and has turned his eye to Lisa. When Robbie refuses to help Penny, Baby borrows money from her father, without explaining why, to pay for Penny's abortion. At first, Penny declines to accept the money for the abortion, as it would cause her and Johnny to miss a performance at a nearby resort, costing them the season's salary, but Baby volunteers to stand in for Penny. During her dance sessions with Johnny, they develop a mutual attraction, and despite their failure to execute a climactic lift, Johnny and Baby's performance is successful.Back at Kellerman's, Penny is badly injured by the shady abortion, so Baby enlists her father's help to stabilize Penny. Angered by Baby's deception, and assuming it was Johnny who got Penny pregnant, Dr. Houseman commands Baby to stay away from them. Baby sneaks off to apologize to Johnny for her father's treatment, but Johnny feels he deserves it due to his lower status; Baby reassures him of his worth, declaring her love. They begin secretly seeing each other, and her father refuses to talk to her.Johnny rejects an indecent proposal by Vivian Pressman, an adulterous wife, who instead sleeps with Robbie, inadvertently foiling Lisa's plan to lose her virginity to him. When Vivian spots Baby leaving Johnny's cabin, she feels spurned and attempts revenge on Johnny by claiming he stole her husband's wallet. Max is ready to fire Johnny, but Baby backs up his alibi, revealing she was with him the night of the theft. The real thieves, Sydney and Sylvia Schumacher, are caught, but he is still fired for mixing with Baby. Before leaving, Johnny tries to talk to Dr. Houseman but is accused of only trying to get at Baby. She later apologizes to her father for lying, but not for her romance with Johnny, and then accuses him of classism.At the end-of-season talent show, Dr. Houseman gives Robbie a recommendation letter for medical school. However, when Robbie admits he got Penny pregnant, and then insults her and Baby, Dr. Houseman angrily grabs the letter back. Johnny arrives and disrupts the final song by bringing Baby up on stage and declaring that she has made him a better person, and then they perform the dance they practiced all summer, ending with a successful climactic lift. Dr. Houseman admits he was wrong about Johnny and reconciles with Baby, and all the staff and guests join Baby and Johnny dancing to "(I've Had) The Time of My Life".
156	Reservoir Dogs (1992)	Crime, Thriller	Eight men planning to rob a jewelry store for a diamond shipment eat breakfast at a diner. To pull off the heist, boss Joe Cabot assembles six experienced robbers who are strangers to each other. Joe and his son, "Nice Guy" Eddie Cabot, have known some of the team for years, but to shield identities, the rest use aliases: Mr. White, a career criminal; Mr. Blonde, a trigger-happy ex-convict; Mr. Orange, a reputed drug dealer; Mr. Pink, a paranoid neurotic; Mr. Brown, a pseudo philosopher; and Mr. Blue, an even-tempered cohort.When an alarm is tripped during the heist, after Blonde started to shoot bystanders, the police arrive quickly. Running from police, Pink hijacks a car, killing a couple of police officers in a shootout. White, who shoots police officers pursuing in a prowler, flees with Orange, who is shot hijacking a car at White's instruction. Gut shot, Orange bleeds profusely in the back seat of the car driven by White. Despite Orange's pleadings to be taken to a hospital, White insists that he is not fatally wounded. At their warehouse hideout, White and Orange rendezvous with Pink, who informs them that he has hidden the diamonds nearby. Pink believes that the job was a setup and that the police were waiting to ambush them. White informs Pink that Brown is dead, Blue and Blonde are missing, and Blonde—a loose cannon—murdered several bystanders during the heist. White is furious that Joe, his old friend, would employ Blonde, who he describes as a psychopath. Pink argues with White, who feels responsible for Orange being shot, over whether to get medical attention for Orange, and Pink is wary that Joe is not there to get a doctor. The pair draw guns on each other, but they stand down when Blonde arrives with a kidnapped policeman, Marvin Nash.In flashback, having been paroled after a four-year prison sentence, Blonde meets with the Cabots. To reward him for not giving Joe's name to the authorities, the Cabots offer Blonde a no-show job. Though grateful, Blonde insists that he wants to get back to "real work", and they recruit him for the heist.In the present, White and Pink begin to torture Nash for information. Eddie arrives and orders them to go with him to ditch the getaway vehicles, leaving Blonde in charge of prisoner Nash and the in-and-out-of-consciousness Orange. Nash denies prior knowledge of the heist, but Blonde resumes the torture, slashing Nash's face and cutting off his ear with a straight razor while a radio plays "Stuck in the Middle with You". When Blonde prepares to set Nash on fire, Orange shoots and kills Blonde. Disclosing to Nash that he is an undercover police officer, Orange says that the police will arrive when Joe comes to the warehouse. Nash replies that he recognized Orange, revealing that Nash protected Orange's cover under torture. Flashbacks show scenes of Orange gaining Joe's and White's confidence and building rapport with the team.When Eddie, Pink, and White return, Orange tries to convince them that Blonde planned to kill them all and steal the diamonds for himself. Eddie shoots and kills Nash and accuses Orange of lying, since Blonde proved loyal to his father. Joe arrives with news that the police have killed Blue. Suspecting that Orange is the traitor behind the setup, Joe is about to execute him, but White intervenes, holding Joe at gunpoint and insisting that Orange is not a police officer. Eddie aims his gun at White, creating a Mexican standoff. All three fire. Both Eddie and Joe Cabot are killed, and White and Orange are wounded.Pink flees with the diamonds, but a crash is heard outside, and gunshots follow. As White cradles the dying Orange in his arms, Orange confesses that he is a police officer. White presses his gun to Orange's head. The police storm the warehouse and order White to drop his gun, but he doesn't. Gunshots are heard, and White is killed by the police.
157	Platoon (1986)	Drama, War	In 1967, U.S. Army volunteer Chris Taylor arrives in South Vietnam and is assigned to an infantry platoon of the 25th Infantry Division near the Cambodian border. The platoon is commanded by the young and inexperienced Lieutenant Wolfe, who relies on two experienced non-commissioned officers: the cynical Staff Sergeant Barnes, and the more compassionate Sergeant Elias.Taylor participates in a night ambush of a North Vietnamese Army force. Taylor is wounded during the firefight while Gardner, another new replacement is killed due to his inexperience. Taylor returns to base from the aid station and bonds with Elias and his circle of marijuana users ("heads"), a clique distinct from Barnes and his hard-edged followers.During another patrol two soldiers are killed by a booby trap and Manny is abducted by unseen assailants who stage the corpse. The platoon finds the body and search a nearby village, finding a supply cache. Barnes aggressively interrogates the village chief and murders his wife in view of the villagers. When he also threatens to murder the chief's daughter, Elias intervenes and assaults Barnes. Wolfe breaks up the ensuing fight, orders the supplies destroyed and the village razed. Wolfe feigns ignorance when Elias accuses him of not stopping Barnes. Taylor prevents two girls from being gang-raped by some of Barnes' men but is unable to prevent Bunny from murdering a villager.Company commander Captain Harris threatens to court-martial anyone found to have illegally killed civilians, and orders Barnes and Elias to put aside their differences. On their next patrol, the platoon is ambushed and pinned down. Wolfe directs artillery fire onto his own unit before Barnes calls it off. Barnes orders Elias, Taylor, Rhah and Crawford to intercept flanking enemy troops, pulls the rest of the platoon back, and goes out to retrieve Elias. When Elias is separated from the others, Barnes takes the opportunity to shoot him. During the helicopter extraction, he tells Taylor that Elias is dead, but as they fly out they see the mortally wounded Elias chased from the jungle by NVA soldiers and killed. Taylor attempts to talk the heads into fragging Barnes in retaliation, not realizing Barnes has overheard them. He enters the abandoned bunker they use for gathering, taunts them, and fights off an attack by Barnes, cutting Taylor's face with a push dagger.The platoon is sent back out to a defensive position. Taylor shares a foxhole with Francis. When a major NVA night assault occurs, much of the platoon is killed, including Wolfe and most of Barnes' followers. An NVA sapper destroys the battalion headquarters in a suicide attack forcing Captain Harris to call an air strike on their shrinking perimeter. In the chaos, Taylor encounters a seriously wounded Barnes, and as they grapple both are knocked unconscious by the air strike.When Taylor regains consciousness after sunrise, Barnes dares Taylor to kill him, and Taylor shoots him dead. Francis stabs himself in the leg, reminding Taylor that twice wounded men are returned home. As a helicopter carries the two men away, Taylor waves goodbye to Rhah. Command of the platoon is given to the cowardly Sgt. O'Neill. An overwhelmed Taylor sobs as he flies away from the battlefield, narrating how the war has changed him forever.
158	Weekend at Bernie's (1989)	Comedy	Larry Wilson and Richard Parker are two low-level financial employees at an insurance company in New York City. While reviewing actuarial reports, Richard discovers a series of payments made for the same death. He and Larry take their findings to the CEO, the wealthy and hedonistic Bernie Lomax, who commends them for discovering the insurance fraud and invites them to his beach house in The Hamptons for the Labor Day weekend. Unbeknownst to the pair, Bernie is behind the fraud. Nervously meeting with his mob partner, Vito, Bernie asks to have the two killed to cover up the discovery. After Bernie leaves, Vito instead orders that Bernie be killed for becoming careless with his fraud, and also because Vito's girlfriend Tina is having an affair with Bernie.Bernie arrives before the pair and plans the murders with hitman Paulie on the phone, accidentally recording the conversation on his answering machine. Paulie arrives and kills Bernie with a lethal heroin injection, then stages it as a self-inflicted accidental drug overdose.Larry and Richard arrive and find Bernie's body. Before they can call the authorities, guests arrive for a party that Bernie usually hosts every weekend. To the pair's amazement, the guests are too busy partying to notice he is dead, with his dopey grin from the injection and sunglasses concealing his lifeless state. Fearing being implicated in Bernie's death and wanting to enjoy the luxurious house for the weekend, Larry proposes that he and Richard maintain the illusion that Bernie is still alive, which Richard finds absurd. He changes his mind when Gwen Saunders, a summer intern for the company with whom he has a flirtatious relationship, arrives.After the party, a drunken Tina arrives at the house and demands that the pair direct her to Bernie. However, she also fails to realize the situation and has sex with his corpse. One of Vito's mobsters witnesses this and, mistakenly thinking Bernie's assassination failed, notifies Vito, who sends Paulie back.The following day, Richard is appalled to discover Larry wearing Bernie's Rolex, and furthering the illusion by puppeteering Bernie's limbs. He attempts to call the police but activates the phone message detailing Bernie's plot against them instead. Unaware of how Bernie died, they mistakenly believe they are still the targets of a mob hit and, as Bernie had said not to kill them while he was in the area, decide to use Bernie's corpse as a shield. All of their attempts to leave the island are thwarted, as they repeatedly misplace and recover Bernie's body, and eventually are forced to return to Bernie's home. Meanwhile, while they are not looking, Paulie makes numerous other assassination attempts and grows unhinged at his repeated "failures".Gwen, who has been trying to talk to Bernie, observes Larry and Richard with the body, thus forcing them to reveal his death to her. Paulie then arrives and repeatedly shoots the corpse before turning his attention to Larry, Richard, and Gwen. Chasing after them, Paulie corners Larry, who subdues him.The police arrive and arrest Paulie, taking him away in a straitjacket as he continues to insist Bernie is still alive. Gwen invites Richard to stay with her family for the week while Larry decides to go home to give them space. Bernie's body is loaded into an ambulance. However, the gurney rolls away and topples off the boardwalk, dumping the body onto the beach right behind the three, who run away in terror. Afterwards, a young boy who had buried the body in the sand earlier, comes along and starts burying it again.
159	Basic Instinct (1992)	Mystery, Thriller	In San Francisco, a blonde woman ties retired rock star Johnny Boz to a bed with a silk scarf during sex, then stabs him to death with an ice pick. SFPD Detective Nick Curran and his partner, Gus Moran, investigate the murder. The prime suspect is Boz's girlfriend, crime novelist Catherine Tramell, whose latest novel mirrors the details of the killing.Catherine is uncooperative with the investigators, taunting them by smoking during questioning and exposing herself. Though released for lack of evidence, she becomes a person of interest when Nick learns that she has a history of close relationships with violent individuals. These include her girlfriend Roxanne "Roxy" Hardy, who killed her younger brothers as a teenager, and Hazel Dobkins, a convicted family murderer.Nick, a recovering alcoholic with a history of drug abuse and a prior incident in which he accidentally shot two tourists, attends mandatory counseling with police psychologist Dr. Elizabeth Garner, with whom he has an unstable romantic relationship. He discovers that Catherine is using him as the inspiration for a new character—a detective who is murdered after falling for the wrong woman. When Nick suspects that his confidential psychiatric file has been leaked, he assaults internal affairs lieutenant Marty Nilsen, who had access to the file. Nilsen is later found murdered, and Nick is placed on administrative leave.At Boz's nightclub, Nick sees Catherine and Roxy using cocaine. Later, at Catherine's home, she ties Nick to the bed during sex while Roxy watches. Moran expresses concern about Nick's involvement with Catherine and uncovers that Nilsen received a $50,000 payment months before Nick met her.Roxy, jealous of Nick, attempts to kill him in a car attack but dies in the ensuing crash. Catherine reveals that she had an intense relationship with a woman in college who became obsessed with her. Nick suspects the woman was Garner, who claims the obsession went the other way. Investigating further, Nick finds that Nilsen had withdrawn a complaint Catherine filed against Garner years earlier. He also uncovers that a professor shared by Garner and Catherine was killed with an ice pick in an unsolved case resembling Catherine's fiction, and that Garner's former husband was murdered in another unresolved case investigated by Nilsen.Nick finds the draft of Catherine's new novel, which depicts a detective discovering his partner's body in an elevator. Catherine abruptly ends their relationship. Later, Moran tells Nick he has arranged to meet Catherine's former college roommate in Oakland to learn more about her and Garner. When Nick arrives, he finds Moran stabbed to death with an ice pick in an elevator, mirroring the novel. Garner arrives shortly afterward, claiming she was lured there by a message. Believing she is reaching for a weapon, Nick shoots and kills her, but she is found to be unarmed.Police find evidence in Garner's apartment implicating her in multiple murders, including files and photographs related to Catherine. Nick is left confused and emotionally shaken. Later, Catherine returns to Nick's apartment and they have sex. As they lie in bed discussing their future, an ice pick lies unseen beneath the bed.
160	Glengarry Glen Ross (1992)	Drama	The real-estate salesmen Richard Roma, George Aaronow, Shelley "The Machine" Levene, and Dave Moss are supplied with leads – the names and phone numbers of prospective investors – and use deceitful and dubious sales tactics. Many of the leads rationed by office manager John Williamson lack either the money or the desire to actually invest in land. The firm sends Blake, one of its top salesmen, to motivate the team. In a torrent of verbal abuse, he gives them notice of termination and tells them that only the top two deal-closers of the month, with one week to go, will keep their jobs and gain access to promising leads for the new and lucrative Glengarry Highlands development.Levene is a once-successful salesman in a long-running slump and with a daughter in the hospital. Desperate to keep his job, Levene tries to persuade Williamson to give him some of the Glengarry leads. Williamson is willing to sell some of the prime leads, but demands cash in advance, which Levene does not have.Moss and Aaronow complain about the firm's management, and Moss proposes that they steal the Glengarry leads and sell them to a competing agency. Aaronow wants no part of the plan, but Moss tries to coerce him, saying that Aaronow is already an accessory before the fact because he knows about the proposed burglary.Roma, the office's top closer, manipulates a meek, middle-aged man named James Lingk into buying a property. Framing the deal as an opportunity rather than a purchase, Roma plays on Lingk's feelings of insecurity.The next day, when the salesmen arrive at the office, they learn that there has been a burglary and that the Glengarry leads have been stolen. Williamson assures Roma that his contract with Lingk was not stolen, and he and the police question each of the salesmen in private. After his interrogation, an infuriated Moss has a shouting match with Roma and leaves. Lingk arrives to demand the return of his down payment under the three-day cooling-off period because his wife objects to the deal. Roma tries to stall and confuse Lingk but is interrupted by the police detective, who wants to question him. He lies to Lingk, telling him that the check has not yet been cashed and that there is time to cancel the payment when he returns from a trip on Monday. Williamson, who is unaware of the tactic, contradicts him, causing Lingk to rush out of the office upset. Roma berates Williamson for ruining his sale, unaware that Williamson also lied to him and the check was not cashed.Levene, proud of a big sale that he made that morning, also berates Williamson for "making something up" without knowing the situation. Williamson realizes that Levene could only have known he lied about the check being cashed if he broke into the office and saw the check on his desk, and threatens to inform the police if he does not return the leads. Cornered, Levene admits that he sold the leads to a competitor and split the money with Moss. Levene attempts to bribe Williamson with a share of his sales to keep quiet, but Williamson scoffs that Levene has no sales. His latest buyers are a delusional couple who have no money. Levene pleads for his ill daughter, but Williamson rebuffs him and leaves to inform the detective.Roma emerges from questioning. Unaware of the exchange, he compliments Levene on his sale and suggests that they form their own partnership. As Levene gets up to meet with the detective, he looks back wistfully at Roma, who has returned to his sales work. George gets on the phone and is making a sales pitch.
161	Top Gun (1986)	Action, Romance	U.S. Navy Naval Aviator Lieutenant Pete "Maverick" Mitchell and his Radar Intercept Officer (RIO) Lieutenant Junior Grade Nick "Goose" Bradshaw, stationed in the Indian Ocean aboard USS Enterprise, fly the F-14A Tomcat. During an interception with two hostile MiG-28s, Maverick missile-locks on one, while the other hostile locks onto Maverick's wingman, Cougar. Maverick drives it off, but Cougar is so shaken that Maverick, despite being low on fuel, defies orders to land first, so he can shepherd him back to the carrier. As a result, Cougar resigns his commission, and loses his opportunity to attend Top Gun, the Naval Fighter Weapons School at Naval Air Station Miramar. Maverick and Goose are sent in his place by CAG "Stinger," not without getting a reprimand for disobeying the landing order.Before the first day of instruction, Maverick unsuccessfully approaches a woman at a bar. He learns the next day she is an astrophysicist and civilian Top Gun instructor, Charlotte "Charlie" Blackwood. She becomes interested in Maverick upon learning of his inverted maneuver with a MiG-28. In Maverick's first training hop, he flies below 10,000 feet (3,000 m), breaking a major rule of engagement, to defeat instructor Lieutenant Commander Rick "Jester" Heatherly. Maverick and Goose also buzz the control tower when specifically told not to do so. They are reprimanded by the Top Gun Commanding Officer, Commander Mike "Viper" Metcalf.Privately, Jester tells Viper that while he admires Maverick's skill, he is not sure if he would trust him in combat. In class, Charlie objects to Maverick's aggressive tactics against the MiG-28, but privately tells him she admires his flying; they begin a romantic relationship.On training Hop 19, Maverick abandons his wingman, "Hollywood," to chase Viper. As a result, first Hollywood, and then Maverick, are defeated in a demonstration of the value of teamwork. Jester tells Maverick his flying is excellent, but criticizes him for leaving his wingman. Maverick's rival, Lieutenant Tom "Iceman" Kazansky, calls his behavior "foolish," "dangerous," and worse than the enemy, to which Maverick responds, "I am dangerous."Maverick and Iceman, the leading contenders for the Top Gun Trophy, chase an A-4 in Hop 31. As Iceman has trouble getting a lock on the A-4, Maverick pressures him to break off so that he can move into firing position. However, Maverick's F-14 flies through Iceman's jet wash and suffers a flameout of both engines, going into an unrecoverable flat spin. Maverick and Goose eject, but Goose slams into the jettisoned aircraft canopy and is killed by the impact.The board of inquiry clears Maverick of any wrongdoing, but he is shaken and guilt-ridden, and considers quitting. He seeks advice from Viper, who flew with Maverick's father in the Vietnam War air battle where he was killed. Contrary to official reports faulting Mitchell, Viper says he died heroically. He tells Maverick he can succeed if he regains his self-confidence. Maverick chooses to graduate and congratulates Iceman, who has won the Top Gun Trophy. Iceman, Hollywood, and Maverick receive immediate deployment orders to deal with a crisis situation; they are sent to Enterprise to provide air support for the rescue of the SS Layton, a disabled communication ship that drifted into hostile waters.Aboard Enterprise, Iceman and Hollywood are assigned to provide air cover, with Maverick and RIO Merlin on standby. Iceman expresses his concerns to Stinger about Maverick's mental state, but is told to just do his job. Iceman and Hollywood are pulled into a dogfight with what first appear to be two MiGs, but turn out to be six. After Hollywood is shot down and parachutes to safety, Maverick is scrambled alone due to catapult failure. He goes into a spin after encountering another jet wash, but recovers. Shaken, he breaks off temporarily, but then re-engages and shoots down three MiGs. Iceman destroys a fourth, and the remaining two MiGs withdraw. Upon their triumphant return to Enterprise, the pilots share their newfound respect for one another. Finally confident and able to let go of the guilt caused by the training accident, Maverick later throws Goose's dog tags overboard.Offered the choice of any assignment, Maverick chooses to return to Top Gun as an instructor. He and Charlie reunite at a bar in Miramar.
162	On Golden Pond (1981)	Drama	An aging couple, Ethel and Norman Thayer, continue a tradition of spending each summer at their cottage on a lake called Golden Pond, in the far reaches of northern New England. When they first arrive, Ethel notices the loons calling on the lake "welcoming them home"; Norman, however, claims he does not hear anything.As they resettle into their summer home, Norman, who is about to turn 80, shows signs of dementia when he is unable to recognize several family photographs. He copes with his memory problems by frequently talking about death and growing old. Ethel does her best to liven up the atmosphere – they play Parcheesi, admire the natural scenery, and talk to the mailman, Charlie, who visits via boat.They are visited by their only child, daughter Chelsea, who is somewhat estranged from her father. She introduces her parents to her fiancé Bill and his 13-year-old son, Billy. Norman tries to play mind games with Bill, an apparent pastime of his. Bill tells him he knows what Norman is doing and he does not really mind, but that he will take only so much of it.In another conversation, Chelsea discusses with Ethel her frustration over her relationship with her father, feeling that although she lives thousands of miles away in Los Angeles, she still feels like she is answering to him.Before they depart for a European vacation, Chelsea and Bill ask the Thayers to allow Billy to stay with them for a month while they have some time to themselves. Although Norman is acting cynically as his 80th birthday approaches, showing signs of dementia and having heart palpitations, he allows Billy to stay.Billy is at first annoyed by being left with elderly strangers, with no friends nearby and nothing to do. He resents Norman's brusque manner, but eventually comes to enjoy their Golden Pond fishing adventures together. Billy also begins to enjoy reading books in the cottage, first reading Treasure Island and later A Tale of Two Cities.Billy and Norman soon grow obsessed with catching Norman's fish rival, "Walter", which leads to the accidental destruction of the Thayers' motorboat in a rocky area called Purgatory Cove. Norman gets thrown overboard and suffers a head wound, and Billy dives in the water to save the old man. They are later rescued by Ethel and Charlie.Once healed, Norman goes fishing with Billy and they finally catch "Walter", but they eventually release the fish. Chelsea returns to learn her father has made friends with her fiancé's—now husband's—son. When she sees the change in her father's demeanor, Chelsea attempts something Billy accomplished that she never could: a backflip. She successfully executes the dive in front of a cheering Norman, Billy and Ethel. Chelsea and Norman finally fully embrace before she and Bill depart with Billy.The final day on Golden Pond comes and the Thayers are loading the last of the boxes. Norman tries to move a heavy box but starts having heart pain and collapses onto the floor of the porch. Ethel tries unsuccessfully to get the operator to phone the hospital, and goes to comfort her husband.Norman then comes to, says the pain is gone, and attempts to stand to say a final farewell to the lake. Ethel helps Norman to the edge, where they see the loons, and Norman says they are calling on the lake, "saying goodbye". He notes how they are just like him and Ethel; that their offspring is grown and gone off on her own, and now it is just the two of them.
163	Return of the Pink Panther, The (1974)	Comedy	In the fictional country of Lugash, a mysterious thief seizes the Pink Panther diamond and leaves a white glove embroidered with a gold "P." With its national treasure once again missing, the Shah of Lugash requests the assistance of Inspector Clouseau of the Sûreté, as Clouseau had recovered the diamond the last time it was stolen. Clouseau has been temporarily demoted to beat cop by his boss, Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus, who despises him to the point of obsession, but the French government forces Dreyfus to reinstate him. Clouseau joyously receives the news and duly departs for Lugash, but not before fending off a surprise attack from his servant Cato, who had been ordered to do so to keep the Inspector on his toes.Upon examining the crime scene in the national museum — in which, due to his habitual clumsiness, he wrecks several priceless antiques — Clouseau concludes that the glove implicates Sir Charles Litton, alias "the notorious Phantom," as the thief. After several catastrophic failures to stake out Litton Manor in Nice, Clouseau believes a mysterious assassin is attempting to kill him. He follows Sir Charles' wife, Lady Claudine Litton, to the Gstaad Palace hotel in Switzerland in search of clues to her husband's whereabouts and repeatedly bungles the investigation.Meanwhile, Sir Charles is teased about the theft by his wife and realizes he has been framed. Arriving in Lugash to clear his name, Sir Charles barely avoids being murdered and sent to the Lugash secret police by his associate known as the "Fat Man", who explains that with the leading suspect dead, the secret police will no longer have an excuse to continue purging their political enemies. Escaping to his suite, Litton finds secret police Colonel Sharki waiting for him, who implies the Fat Man's understanding is correct, but reminds him the diamond must be recovered eventually. Sir Charles pretends to cooperate, but is unable to hide his reaction when he recognizes a face on the museum's security footage. He avoids another plot by the Fat Man and his duplicitous underling Pepi and escapes from Lugash, secretly pursued by Sharki, who believes Sir Charles will lead him to the diamond.In Gstaad, Clouseau, still tailing Lady Claudine, is suddenly ordered by Dreyfus over the telephone to arrest her in her hotel room. However, when Clouseau calls back to clarify the order, he is told that Dreyfus is on vacation. Sir Charles, who in the meantime has chartered a private flight out of Lugash, arrives at the hotel and is first to confront his wife. Lady Claudine admits she stole the jewel to spark excitement in their lives. Colonel Sharki shows up, but just as he prepares to kill them both, Inspector Clouseau barges in. Sir Charles explains things to Clouseau, and Sharki is about to kill the three of them. However, Dreyfus has followed Clouseau and is outside the hotel room with a rifle — Dreyfus is in fact the "mysterious assassin" who has been trying to kill Clouseau all this time —  and just as Dreyfus shoots at Clouseau, the Inspector ducks to check if his fly is undone, and the shot kills Sharki instead. The other three take cover, while Dreyfus, insanely enraged by his latest failure to kill Clouseau, goes berserk until he is arrested.For once again recovering the Pink Panther, Clouseau is promoted to Chief Inspector, while Sir Charles resumes his career as a jewel thief. At a Japanese restaurant in the epilogue, Cato unexpectedly attacks Clouseau again and triggers a massive brawl, destroying the premises; Clouseau chastises Cato for his ill timing but then attempts to attack the latter from behind, only to fail and crash into the kitchen causing more damage. Dreyfus is committed to a lunatic asylum for his actions, where he is straitjacketed inside a padded cell and vows revenge on Clouseau. The film ends when the Pink Panther (in cartoon form) enters Dreyfus' cell and, after they watch the credits roll by, he films Dreyfus writing "The End" on the wall with his foot.
164	Abyss, The (1989)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi, Thriller	In January 1994, the U.S. Ohio-class submarine USS Montana has an encounter with an unidentified submerged object and sinks near the Cayman Trough. With Soviet ships moving in to try to salvage the sub and a hurricane moving over the area, the U.S. government sends a SEAL team to Deep Core, a privately owned experimental underwater drilling platform near the Cayman Trough, to use it as a base of operations. The platform's designer, Dr. Lindsey Brigman, insists on going along with the SEAL team, even though her estranged husband Virgil "Bud" Brigman is the current foreman.During the initial investigation of Montana, a power cut in the team's submersibles leads to Lindsey seeing a strange light circling the sub, which she later calls a "non-terrestrial intelligence" or "NTI". Lt. Hiram Coffey, the SEAL team leader, is ordered to accelerate their mission and takes one of the mini-subs without Deep Core's permission to recover a Trident missile warhead from Montana just as the storm hits above, leaving the crew unable to disconnect from their surface support ship in time. The cable crane is torn from the ship and falls into the trench, dragging Deep Core to the edge before it stops. The rig is partially flooded, killing several crew members and damaging its power systems.The crew waits out the storm so they can restore communications and be rescued. As they struggle against the cold, they find the NTIs have formed an animated column of water to explore the rig, which they equate to an alien version of a remotely operated vehicle. Though they treat it with curiosity, Coffey is agitated and cuts it in half by closing a pressure bulkhead on it, causing it to retreat. Realizing that Coffey is experiencing paranoia as a result of suffering from high-pressure nervous syndrome, the crew spies on him through an ROV, finding him and another SEAL arming the warhead to attack the NTIs. To try to stop him, Bud fights Coffey, but Coffey escapes in a mini-sub with the primed warhead. Bud and Lindsey give chase in the other sub, damaging both. Coffey is able to launch the warhead into the trench, but his sub drifts over the edge and implodes from the pressure, killing him. Bud's mini-sub is inoperable and taking on water. With only one functional diving suit, Lindsey opts to drown and hopefully enter deep hypothermia when the ocean's cold water engulfs her, with hopes of being able to be resuscitated. Bud swims back to the platform with her body; there, he and the crew use a defibrillator and administer CPR, and they revive her.It is decided that they need to disarm the warhead, which is more than 2 miles (3.2 km) below them. One SEAL, Ensign Monk, helps Bud use an experimental diving suit equipped with a liquid breathing apparatus to survive to that depth, though he will only be able to communicate through a keypad on the suit. Bud begins his dive, assisted by Lindsey's voice to keep him coherent against the effects of the mounting pressure, and he reaches the warhead. Monk guides him in successfully disarming it. With little oxygen left in the system, Bud explains that he knew it was a one-way trip, and he tells Lindsey he loves her. As he waits for death, an NTI approaches Bud, takes his hand, and guides him to a massive alien city deep in the trench. Inside, the NTIs create an atmospheric pocket for Bud, allowing him to breathe normally. The NTIs then play back Bud's message to his wife and look at each other with understanding.On Deep Core, the crew is waiting for rescue when they see a message from Bud that he met some friends and warns them to hold on. The base shakes, and lights from the trench herald the arrival of the alien ship. It rises to the ocean's surface, with Deep Core and several of the surface ships run aground on its hull. The crew of Deep Core exits the platform, surprised they are not dead from the sudden decompression. They see Bud walking out of the alien ship, and Lindsey races to hug him.
165	Jean de Florette (1986)	Drama	The story takes place outside a village in Provence, in the south of France, shortly after the First World War. Ugolin Soubeyran returns from his military service and throws himself into a project to grow carnations on his property in the mountains. His uncle César, referred to as Le Papet (meaning "the grandfather" in the local dialect), is at first skeptical; but is convinced when the flowers get a good price at the market. They decide the project is worthy of expansion, and together they go to see the neighbouring farmer, Pique-Bouffigue, to buy his land. The land in question is apparently dry, but Papet knows of a spring that could solve that problem.Pique-Bouffigue angrily refuses to sell, and an altercation breaks out. In the fight, Pique-Bouffigue is killed by Papet. After the funeral, Papet and Ugolin plug the spring that could water the land with cement and earth. Unknown to them, they are seen blocking the spring by a poacher.The property is inherited by Pique-Bouffigue's sister, Florette, who left the area long ago, but she dies very shortly afterwards and the inheritance goes to her son, Jean Cadoret, who works in the city as a tax collector. Ugolin, according to local custom, refers to him as Jean de Florette – Florette's Jean. To discourage Jean from taking up residence, Ugolin damages the roof of the house.Jean, who is hunchbacked, arrives with his wife, Aimée, and young daughter, Manon. He makes it clear that he has no intention of selling: having left the tax administration in order to live a more "authentic" life as a farmer, he wants to make the farm profitable within two years, breeding rabbits and growing their produce himself. Ugolin finds Jean likeable and strikes up a friendship of sorts with him, but keeps going along with his uncle's plans. Papet does not get acquainted with Jean - whom he only meets once, fleetingly, in the village - but observes him from afar cultivating his farm, and laughs at the city dweller's inexperience. Jean does not know about the nearby blocked spring, only of one that is further, two kilometres away, though still on his land. He is reliant on rainfall to fill a cistern to supply the livestock and irrigate the crops. Ugolin and Papet keep secret from Jean the fact that the area where Jean's farm lies rarely gets any rain. Meanwhile, they work to turn the local community against Jean, because the late Pique-Bouffigue has cousins in the village who know about the blocked spring and would tell Jean about it if they became friendly with him. Jean initially makes progress and earns a small profit from farming rabbits. In the long run, however, getting water proves problematic. Dragging it all the way from the distant spring is a backbreaking task. Jean asks to borrow Ugolin's mule, but Ugolin gives vague excuses. Jean uses a dowsing rod to try and find springs, but it proves ineffective. When the rain does come, it falls on the surrounding area but not where it is needed. The dusty winds of the sirocco then arrive, bringing the farm near catastrophe. Jean decides to dig a well. Ugolin tells Jean that his project is hopeless and that he might be better off selling. Jean asks how much he could expect to receive for the farm, and Ugolin gives an estimate of around 8,000 francs. However, it turns out that Jean still has no intention of selling, but wants to use the value of the property to take out a mortgage. Papet decides that he will himself grant the mortgage, because that way he will either earn the interest or drive Jean away for good. From the mortgage money, Jean buys dynamite to finish the well, but in his first blast, he is hit by a flying rock, falls into the cavity, and subsequently dies of his injuries. Ugolin returns with the news to Papet, who asks him why he's crying. "It is not me who's crying," he responds, "it's my eyes."Aimée and Manon cannot remain on the farm, and Papet buys them out. As mother and daughter are packing their belongings, Papet and Ugolin go to where they blocked the spring and remove the plug. Manon follows them, and when she sees what they are doing, she understands and screams. The men hear it, but dismiss the sound as that of a buzzard. Papet performs a mock baptism of his nephew in the water of the spring.
166	Manon of the Spring (Manon des sources) (1986)	Drama	Ten years after the events of Jean de Florette, Jean’s daughter Manon lives in the Provençal countryside near Les Romarins, the farm that her father once owned.  She has taken up residence with an elderly Piedmontese squatter couple who teach her to live off the land, tending to a herd of goats and hunting for birds and rabbits.  Ugolin Soubeyran has begun a successful business growing carnations at Les Romarins with his uncle César—also known as "Papet"—thanks to the water provided by the spring there.As a young child, Manon had suffered the loss of her father, who died from a blow to the head while using explosives in an attempt to find a water source. César and Ugolin then bought the farm cheaply from his widow—Manon's mother—and unblocked the spring. Manon witnessed this as a child. The two men profited directly from his death.After seeing her bathe nude in the mountains, Ugolin develops an interest in Manon. When he approaches her, she reacts with disgust at his vileness, remembering his role in her father's downfall. But Ugolin's interest in Manon becomes obsessive, culminating in sewing a ribbon from her hair onto his chest. At the same time, Manon becomes interested in Bernard, a handsome and educated schoolteacher recently arrived in the village. When she overhears two villagers talking about the circumstances of her father's death, Manon realises that many in the village knew of the crime but had remained silent, for the Soubeyran family was locally important. While searching for a goat that fell into a crevice above the village, Manon finds the underground source of the spring that supplies water to the local farms and village. To take her revenge on both the Soubeyrans and the villagers, who knew but did nothing, she stops the flow of water using the iron-oxide clay and rocks found nearby.The villagers quickly become desperate for water to feed their crops and run their businesses. They come to believe that the water flow had been stopped by some Providence to punish the injustice committed against Jean. Manon publicly accuses Papet and Ugolin, and the villagers admit their own complicity in the persecution of Jean. They had never accepted him as he was an outsider and was physically deformed. Le Papet tries to evade the accusations, but an eyewitness, a poacher who was trespassing on the vacant property at the time, steps forward to confirm the crime, shaming both Papet and Ugolin. Ugolin makes a desperate attempt to ask Manon for her hand in marriage, but she rejects him. The Soubeyrans flee in disgrace. Rejected by Manon, Ugolin hangs himself from a tree outside his family's house, apparently ending the Soubeyran line.The villagers appeal to Manon to take part in a religious procession to the village's fountain because she is orphaned, hoping that acknowledging the injustice will restore the flow of water to the village. With the assistance of Bernard, Manon unblocks the spring in advance, and the water arrives at the village at the moment that the procession reaches the fountain. Manon marries Bernard.Meanwhile, Papet has been broken by his nephew's suicide. Delphine, an old acquaintance of his, returns to the village and tells him that Florette, his sweetheart from that period, had written to him to tell him she was carrying their child. Receiving no reply from him, she had tried to abort it. Florette left the village, married a blacksmith from nearby Créspin, and the child was born alive but a hunchback.César, away on military service in Africa, never received her letter and did not know that she had given birth to his child.  In a cruel twist of fate, Jean, the man he drove to desperation and death without having met him, was the son he had always wanted. Realizing now she is related to him, Papet sadly watches a pregnant Manon hurry home at night, wishing to reconcile with his only grandchild, but knowing it will never happen.Devastated, and lacking the will to live any longer, Papet dies quietly in his sleep. In a letter he leaves his property to Manon, whom he recognises as his natural granddaughter and the last of the Soubeyrans.
167	Private Benjamin (1980)	Comedy	Judy Benjamin, a 28-year-old Jewish woman from a sheltered wealthy upbringing whose lifelong dream is to "marry a professional man", is devastated after Yale Goodman, her new husband, dies on their wedding night. Emotionally adrift, Judy tells her story on a radio call-in show and meets another caller, Army recruiter SFC James Ballard, who leads her to believe military life will provide the "family" she seeks. He also pitches the service as a getaway, comparing it to a spa vacation, but Judy has a rude awakening upon arriving at basic training; realizing the recruiter conned her, she wants to quit but is astonished to find out, contrary to the assertions of her recruiting sergeant, that she cannot leave.Army regulations and the disapproval of Captain Doreen Lewis and Sergeant First Class L.C. Ross, the drill sergeant, frustrate Judy. However, when her parents arrive at Fort Biloxi to take her home, she decides to stay and finish basic training. Judy completes her training after a war games exercise in which she leads her squad in capturing the  opposing team. Upon graduation from basic training, Judy and her friends spend the weekend on leave in New Orleans, where she meets Henri Tremont, a French doctor attending a medical conference. After a brief but inspiring romance, Henri returns to Paris, and Judy begins training with an elite paratrooper unit, the Thornbirds.Judy quickly discovers that she was chosen for paratrooper training because unit commander Colonel Thornbush finds her attractive. Because she is too scared to jump after the other trainees have jumped from the plane, he attempts to sexually assault her. When Judy jumps out of the plane rather than comply, he attempts to have her transferred. Judy negotiates an assignment to Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe (SHAPE) in Belgium, and meets up with Henri again on a visit to Paris. He proposes marriage, and she accepts. After Captain Lewis discovers that Tremont is a communist, Judy is forced to choose between the Army and love.Following his engagement to Judy, Henri reveals his self-centered, controlling nature. He tries to "remake" Judy and insists she sign a prenuptial agreement. Finally, when Henri sleeps with the housemaid and makes it obvious that he has not gotten over his ex-girlfriend Clare, Judy has a change of heart. On the day of the wedding ceremony, she punches Henri and abandons him at the altar, throws her bridal veil into the wind, and walks alone into the unknown, empowered by her newfound freedom.
168	Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1974)	Comedy	The opening credits of the film feature pseudo-Swedish subtitles, which soon turn into an appeal to visit Sweden and see the country's moose. The subtitles are soon stopped and claim that the people responsible have been sacked, but moose references continue throughout the actual credits. The subtitles were written by Michael Palin as a way to "entertain the 'captive' audience" at the beginning of the film.In AD 932, King Arthur and his squire Patsy, who claps coconut shells as Arthur mimes riding a horse, travel Britain searching for men to join the Knights of the Round Table. Along the way, Arthur debates whether swallows could carry coconuts, passes through a town infected with a plague, recounts receiving Excalibur from the Lady of the Lake to two anarcho-syndicalist peasants, and defeats the Black Knight. At an impromptu witch trial, he recruits Sir Bedevere the Wise, later joined by Sir Lancelot the Brave, Sir Galahad the Pure, Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-as-Sir-Lancelot, and the aptly named Sir Not-Appearing-in-this-Film, along with their squires and Robin's minstrels. Arthur leads the knights to Camelot, but changes his mind after the knights in the castle perform a musical number, deeming it "a silly place". God then appears and orders Arthur to find the Holy Grail.Arthur and his knights arrive at a castle occupied by French soldiers, who claim to have the Grail and taunt the Britons, driving them back with a barrage of barnyard animals. Bedevere concocts a plan to sneak in using a Trojan Rabbit, but forgets to tell the others to hide inside it; the Knights are forced to flee when it is flung back at them. Arthur decides the knights should go their separate ways to search for the Grail. Meanwhile, a modern-day historian filming a documentary on the Arthurian legends is killed by an unknown knight on horseback, triggering a police investigation.Arthur and Bedevere are given directions by an old man and attempt to satisfy the strange requests of the dreaded Knights Who Say "Ni!". Sir Robin avoids a fight with a Three-Headed Knight by running away while the heads are arguing amongst themselves. Sir Galahad is led by a grail-shaped beacon to Castle Anthrax, which is occupied exclusively by nubile young women, who wish to be punished for misleading him, but is "rescued" against his will by Lancelot. Lancelot receives an arrow-shot note from Swamp Castle. Believing the author is a lady being forced to marry against her will, he storms the castle and slaughters several wedding party members, only to discover the author is an effeminate prince.Arthur and his knights regroup and are joined by Brother Maynard, his monk brethren, and three new knights: Bors, Gawain and Ector. They meet Tim the Enchanter, a pyromancer who directs them to a cave where the location of the Grail is said to be written. The entrance to the cave is guarded by the Rabbit of Caerbannog. Underestimating it, the knights attack, but the Rabbit easily kills Bors, Gawain and Ector. Arthur uses the "Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch", provided by Brother Maynard, to destroy the creature. Inside the cave, they find an inscription from Joseph of Arimathea, directing them to "the Castle of Aarrgh". They are interrupted by an attack from the animated "Legendary Black Beast" that lives in the cave, which devours Brother Maynard and pursues the others. Arthur and the knights escape after the film's animator unexpectedly suffers a fatal heart attack, erasing the Black Beast.The knights approach the Bridge of Death, where the soothsaying bridge-keeper demands they each answer three questions in order to pass or else be cast into the Gorge of Eternal Peril. Lancelot easily answers simple questions and crosses. An overly cocky Robin is defeated by an unexpectedly difficult question, and an indecisive Galahad fails an easy one; both are magically flung into the gorge. When Arthur asks for clarification on a question regarding the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow, the bridge-keeper cannot answer and is himself thrown into the gorge.Arthur and Bedevere cannot find Lancelot, unaware that he has been arrested by police investigating the historian's death. They find Castle Aarrgh occupied by the French soldiers from earlier in the film. After being repelled by showers of manure, they summon an army of knights and prepare to assault the castle. As the army charges, the police arrive, arrest Arthur and Bedevere on suspicion of the murder of the historian, and break the camera, abruptly ending the film.
169	Wrong Trousers, The (1993)	Animation, Comedy	Wallace gifts his dog, Gromit, a pair of robotic "Techno-Trousers" for his birthday to take him on walks, which concerns Gromit. To pay his debts, Wallace lends a room to a penguin, who befriends Wallace and drives Gromit out of the house. The penguin takes an interest in the trousers, which can walk on walls and ceilings, and secretly rewires them for remote control. Gromit discovers that the penguin is Feathers McGraw, a criminal who disguises himself as a chicken by donning a red rubber glove on his head.Feathers forces Wallace into the trousers, sends him through town to tire him out and sends him to bed. Gromit spies on Feathers as he takes measurements of the city museum and discovers his plans to steal a blue diamond. While Wallace sleeps, Feathers marches him to the museum in the trousers. He infiltrates the building and captures the diamond, but he triggers the alarm, waking Wallace up. Feathers marches him back to the house and traps him and Gromit in a wardrobe at gunpoint. After Gromit rewires the Techno-Trousers to break open the wardrobe, he and Wallace pursue Feathers aboard their model train set. Wallace disarms Feathers and frees himself from the trousers. After Feathers' train collides with the trousers, Gromit captures him in a milk bottle. Feathers is turned in to the police, being imprisoned at the city zoo, and Wallace pays his debts with the reward money. Outside, the discarded Techno-Trousers reactivate in the dustbin and walk off into the sunset.
170	Cinema Paradiso (1988)	Comedy, Drama, Romance	In 1988 Rome, Salvatore Di Vita, a famous film director, returns home late one evening, where his girlfriend sleepily tells him that his mother called to say someone named Alfredo has died. Salvatore shies from committed relationships and has not been to his home village of Giancaldo, Sicily, in thirty years. As his girlfriend asks him who Alfredo was, Salvatore is unable to fall asleep and flashes back to his childhood.A few years after World War II, eight-year-old Salvatore is the mischievous, intelligent son of a war widow. Nicknamed Totò, he discovers a love for films and spends every free moment at the local movie house, Cinema Paradiso. Although they initially start on tense terms, he develops a friendship with the middle-aged projectionist, Alfredo, who often lets him watch films from the projection booth. During the shows, the audience can be heard booing because there are missing sections, causing the films to suddenly jump, bypassing scenes with romantic kisses or embraces. The local priest, the owner of the cinema, had ordered these sections to be censored, and the deleted scenes are cut from the film reels by Alfredo and piled on the projection room floor, where Alfredo keeps them until he can splice them back in for the film to be sent to the next town.Alfredo eventually teaches Salvatore how to operate the film projector. One day, Cinema Paradiso catches fire as Alfredo is projecting The Firemen of Viggiù after hours, on the wall of a nearby house. Salvatore saves Alfredo's life, but not before a reel of nitrate film explodes in Alfredo's face, leaving him permanently blind. The movie house is rebuilt by a town citizen, Ciccio Spaccafico, using his winnings from a football lottery. Salvatore, still a child, is hired as the new projectionist, as only he knows how to run the machines.About a decade later, Salvatore, now in high school, is still operating the projector at the "Nuovo Cinema Paradiso". His relationship with the blind Alfredo has strengthened, and Salvatore often looks to him for help – advice that Alfredo often dispenses by quoting classic films. Salvatore has been experimenting with filming, using a home movie camera; doing this he has met, and captured on film, a girl named Elena Mendola, daughter of a wealthy banker, and has fallen in love with her. Salvatore woos – and wins – Elena's heart, only to lose her due to her father's disapproval.As Elena and her family move away, Salvatore leaves town for compulsory military service. His attempts to write to Elena are fruitless; his letters are returned as undeliverable. Upon his return from the military, Alfredo urges Salvatore to leave Giancaldo permanently, counseling that the town is too small for Salvatore to ever find his dreams. Moreover, the old man tells him, once Salvatore leaves, he must pursue his destiny wholeheartedly, never looking back and never returning, even to visit; he must never give in to nostalgia or even write or think about them. They tearfully embrace, and Salvatore leaves to pursue his future as a filmmaker.Back in the present, Salvatore realizes that he is very satisfied with his life from a professional point of view but not from a personal one, so decides to return home to attend Alfredo's funeral. Though the town has changed greatly, he now understands why Alfredo thought it was important that he leave. Alfredo's widow tells him that the old man followed Salvatore's successes with pride and he left him something: an unlabeled film reel and the old stool that Salvatore once stood on to operate the projector. Salvatore learns that Cinema Paradiso is to be demolished to make way for a parking lot. At the funeral, he recognizes the faces of many people who attended the cinema when he was the projectionist.Salvatore returns to Rome where he watches Alfredo's reel and discovers that it comprises all the romantic scenes that the priest had ordered Alfredo to cut from the films; Alfredo had spliced every kiss together to form a single reel. Totò comes to peace with his past, smiling with tears in his eyes.
171	Delicatessen (1991)	Comedy, Sci-Fi	In a dilapidated apartment building in post-apocalyptic France, food is in short supply and grain is used as currency. On the ground floor is a butcher's shop, run by the landlord, Clapet, who posts job opportunities in the newspaper to lure victims to the building, whom he murders and butchers as a cheap source of meat to sell to his tenants.Following the murder of the last worker, unemployed circus clown Louison applies for the vacant position. Louison proves to be a superb worker with a spectacular trick knife, and the butcher is reluctant to kill him too quickly. During Louison's routine maintenance, he acquires a package dropped by a mailman. Louison delivers the package to Clapet's daughter, Julie, who says the package contains confections and invites him to join her that evening. Louison and Julie's relationship blossoms into romance.  At the same time, several of the tenants fall under Louison's boyish charms, worrying others who are more anxious for their own safety should they require meat.Clapet tells apartment tenant Marcel Tapioca that his rent is late and he must give up his mother-in-law as payment. That evening, Julie begs her father to let Louison go, knowing that Clapet is killing tenants for meat. She goes to her apartment, unwraps a newspaper in her refrigerator and sees an article about the Troglodistes, a group of vegetarian rebels who live underground. Julie descends into the sewers to make contact with the feared Troglodistes, whom she persuades to help rescue Louison.Following the apparent butchering of Tapioca's mother-in-law, the Troglodistes go through the sewer pipes and attempt to capture Louison, but end up mistakenly capturing tenant Mademoiselle Plusse instead. Meanwhile, as Julie and Louison watch television, Clapet ascends to the roof, shaking the television antenna to lure Louison into going up to fix it. Attacking Louison with a cleaver, Clapet's attempt to kill him is foiled by an unexpected electrical explosion in one of the apartments.Clapet, along with some tenants, storms Louison's room in another attempt to murder him. Louison and Julie take refuge in a bathroom and flood it, floor to ceiling, until Clapet opens the door, releasing the flood and washing the attackers away. Mademoiselle Plusse escapes the sewers, finds Louison's boomerang knife, and gives it to Clapet. Clapet throws the knife towards Louison, but inadvertently kills himself.Louison and Julie play music together on the roof of the now peaceful apartment building, and the butcher's shop closed for good.
172	Empire Strikes Back, The (1980)	Action, Adventure, Drama, Romance, Sci-Fi, War	Three years after the destruction of the Death Star, the Imperial fleet, led by Darth Vader, dispatches probe droids across the galaxy in search of the Rebel Alliance. One probe locates the rebel base on the ice planet Hoth. A wampa captures Luke Skywalker before he can investigate the probe crash site, but he escapes by using the Force to retrieve his lightsaber and wound the beast. Before Luke succumbs to hypothermia, the Force spirit of his deceased mentor, Obi-Wan Kenobi, instructs him to go to the swamp planet Dagobah to train as a Jedi Knight under the Jedi Master Yoda. Han Solo discovers Luke and insulates him against the weather inside his deceased tauntaun mount until they are rescued the next morning.Alerted to the rebels' location, the Empire launches a large-scale attack using AT-AT walkers, forcing the rebels to evacuate the base. Han, Princess Leia, C-3PO and Chewbacca escape aboard the Millennium Falcon, but the ship's hyperdrive malfunctions. They hide in an asteroid field, where Han and Leia grow closer amid the tension. Vader summons several bounty hunters, including Boba Fett, to find the Falcon. Evading the Imperial fleet, Han's group travels to the floating Cloud City on the gas planet Bespin, which is governed by his old friend Lando Calrissian. Fett tracks them there, and Vader forces Lando to surrender the group to the Empire, knowing Luke will come to their aid.Meanwhile, Luke travels with R2-D2 in his X-wing fighter to Dagobah, where he crash-lands. He meets Yoda, a diminutive creature who reluctantly accepts him as his Jedi apprentice after conferring with Obi-Wan's spirit. Yoda trains Luke to master the light side of the Force and resist negative emotions that will seduce him to the dark side, as they did Vader. Luke struggles to control his anger and impulsiveness and fails to comprehend the nature and power of the Force until he witnesses Yoda use it to levitate the X-wing from the swamp. Luke has a premonition of Han and Leia in pain and, despite Obi-Wan's and Yoda's protestations, abandons his training to rescue them. Although Obi-Wan believes Luke is their only hope, Yoda asserts that "there is another."Leia confesses her love for Han before Vader freezes him in carbonite to test whether the process will safely imprison Luke. Han survives and is given to Fett, who intends to collect his bounty from Jabba the Hutt. Lando frees Leia and Chewbacca, but they are too late to stop Fett's escape. The group fights its way back to the Falcon and flees the city. Luke arrives and engages Vader in a lightsaber duel over the city's central air shaft. Vader defeats Luke, severing his right hand and separating him from his lightsaber. He urges Luke to embrace the dark side and help him destroy his master, the Emperor, so they may rule the galaxy together. Luke refuses, citing Obi-Wan's claim that Vader killed his father, prompting Vader to reveal that he is Luke's father. Distraught, Luke plunges down the air shaft and is ejected beneath the floating city, latching onto an antenna. He reaches out through the Force to Leia, and the Falcon returns to rescue him. They are attacked by TIE fighters but narrowly evade capture by Vader's Star Destroyer when R2-D2 repairs the Falcon's hyperdrive and the vessel escapes.After the group joins the rebel fleet, Luke's missing hand is replaced by a robotic prosthesis. He, Leia, C-3PO, and R2-D2 observe as Lando and Chewbacca depart on the Falcon to find Han.
173	Princess Bride, The (1987)	Action, Adventure, Comedy, Romance	The Princess Bride may refer to: The Princess Bride (novel), 1973 fantasy romance novel by writer William Goldman The Princess Bride (film), 1987 American film adaptation directed by Rob Reiner The Princess Bride (soundtrack), a 1987 soundtrack for the film Home Movie: The Princess Bride, a 2020 tribute performance of the film
174	Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981)	Action, Adventure	In 1936, American archaeologist Indiana Jones recovers a Golden Idol from a booby-trapped Peruvian temple. Rival archaeologist René Belloq corners him and steals the idol; Jones escapes in a waiting float plane. After returning to the United States, Jones is briefed by two Army Intelligence agents that Nazi German forces are excavating at Tanis, Egypt, and one of their telegrams mentions Jones's former mentor Abner Ravenwood. He deduces that the Nazis are seeking the Ark of the Covenant, which Adolf Hitler believes will make their army invincible. The agents recruit Jones to recover the Ark first.At a bar in Nepal, Jones reunites with Abner's daughter Marion, with whom Jones once had an illicit relationship, and learns that Abner is dead. The bar is set ablaze during a scuffle with Gestapo agent Arnold Toht, who arrives to take a medallion from Marion. Toht attempts to recover the medallion from the flames, but only burns its image into his hand. Jones and Marion safely take the medallion and escape.Traveling to Cairo, the pair meet Jones's friend Sallah. He reveals Belloq is assisting the Nazis, who have fashioned an incomplete replica medallion from the burns on Toht's hand. Nazi soldiers and mercenaries attack Jones, and Marion is seemingly killed, leaving Jones despondent. An imam deciphers the medallion for Jones, revealing that one side bears a warning against disturbing the Ark, and the other bears the complete measurements for the "staff of Ra", an item which, when combined with the medallion, is used to locate the Ark. Jones and Sallah realize that the Nazis are digging in the wrong location, infiltrate the Nazi dig site, and use the medallion and the correctly sized staff of Ra to locate the Well of Souls, the Ark's resting place. The pair recover the Ark, a golden, intricately decorated chest, but Belloq and the Nazis discover them and seize it. Jones and Marion, whom Belloq has been holding captive, are sealed inside the well, but the pair escape and Jones captures a truck carrying the Ark. Alongside Marion, Jones arranges to transport the Ark to London aboard a tramp steamer. A German U-boat intercepts them, seizing the Ark and Marion; Jones covertly boards the U-boat. The vessel travels to an island in the Aegean Sea, where Belloq intends to test the power of the Ark before presenting it to Hitler.On the island, Jones ambushes the Nazi group and threatens to destroy the Ark but surrenders after Belloq deduces that he would never destroy something so historically significant, also surmising that Jones wants to know if the Ark's power is real. The Nazis restrain Jones and Marion at the testing site as Belloq ceremonially opens the Ark but finds only sand inside. At Jones's instruction, he and Marion close their eyes to avoid looking at the opened Ark, as it releases spirits, flames, and bolts of energy that kill Belloq, Toht, and the assembled Nazis before sealing itself shut. Jones and Marion open their eyes to find the area cleared of bodies and their bindings removed.Back in Washington, D.C., the United States government rewards Jones for securing the Ark. Despite Jones's insistence, the agents state only that the Ark has been moved to an undisclosed location for "top men" to study. In a vast warehouse, the Ark is crated up and stored among countless other crates.
175	Brazil (1985)	Sci-Fi	In a dystopian, polluted, hyper-consumerist, overbearing, bureaucratic, totalitarian future based on elements of the 20th century, Sam Lowry is a low-level government employee who frequently dreams of himself as a winged warrior saving a damsel in distress. One day, shortly before Christmas, an insect becomes jammed in a teleprinter, which misprints a copy of an arrest warrant it was receiving. This leads to the arrest and death during interrogation of cobbler Archibald Buttle instead of suspected terrorist Archibald Tuttle.Sam discovers the mistake when he finds that the wrong bank account has been debited for the arrest. He visits Buttle's widow to give her the refund where he catches a glimpse of her upstairs neighbour Jill Layton, a truck driver, and is astonished to discover that Jill resembles the woman from his dreams. Sam frantically tries to approach Jill, but she disappears before he can find her. Jill has been trying to help Mrs Buttle establish what happened to her husband, but her efforts have been obstructed by bureaucracy. Unbeknownst to her, she is now considered a terrorist accomplice of Tuttle for attempting to report the wrongful arrest of Buttle.Meanwhile, Sam reports a fault in his apartment's air conditioning. Central Services are uncooperative, but Tuttle unexpectedly comes to his assistance. Tuttle explains that he used to work for Central Services but left because of his dislike of the tedious and repetitive paperwork, and now illegally works as a freelance heating engineer. Tuttle repairs Sam's air conditioning, but when two Central Services workers, Spoor and Dowser, arrive, Sam has to stall to let Tuttle escape.Sam discovers that Jill's records have been classified and the only way to access them is to be promoted to Information Retrieval. He had previously turned down a promotion arranged by his high-ranking mother Ida, who is obsessed with the rejuvenating plastic surgery of cosmetic surgeon Dr Jaffe. Sam retracts his refusal by speaking with Deputy Minister Mr Helpmann at a party hosted by Ida. After obtaining Jill's records, Sam tracks her down before she can be arrested. Sam clumsily confesses his love to Jill, and they cause mayhem as they escape government agents. They stop at a mall and are frightened by a terrorist bombing (part of a campaign that has been occurring around the city), then government agents arrive and take Sam. He awakens briefly detained in police custody.At work, Sam is chastised by his new boss Mr Warrenn for his lack of productivity. Sam returns home to find that Spoor and Dowser have repossessed his apartment. Tuttle appears in secret and helps Sam exact revenge on the two Central Services workers by filling their environment suits with raw sewage. Jill finds Sam outside his apartment, and the two take refuge in Ida's unoccupied home, where they share their first kiss. Sam falsifies government records to indicate her death, allowing her to escape pursuit. The two spend the night together, but in the morning are apprehended by the government at gunpoint. Sam learns that Jill was killed during his arrest. Charged with treason for abusing his new position, Sam is restrained in a chair in a large, empty cylindrical room, to be tortured by his old friend Jack Lint.As Jack is about to start the torture, Tuttle and other members of the resistance break into the Ministry, shooting Jack, rescuing Sam and blowing up the Ministry building. Sam and Tuttle flee together, but Tuttle mysteriously disappears amid a mass of scraps of paperwork from the destroyed building. Sam stumbles into the funeral of Ida's friend, who has died following botched cosmetic surgery.Sam discovers that his mother now resembles Jill and is too busy being fawned over by young men to care about her son's plight. Government agents disrupt the funeral, and Sam falls into the open casket. Through a black void, he lands in a street from his daydreams and tries to escape police and monsters by climbing a pile of flex-ducts. Opening a door, he passes through it and is surprised to be in a truck driven by Jill. The two leave the city together.However, this "happy ending" is a delusion: it is revealed that Sam is still strapped to the torture chair. Realising that Sam has been permanently driven insane, Jack and Mr Helpmann declare him a lost cause and leave the room. Sam remains in the chair, smiling and humming "Aquarela do Brasil" to himself.
176	Aliens (1986)	Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller, War	Ellen Ripley has been in stasis for 57 years aboard a shuttlecraft after destroying her spaceship, the Nostromo, to escape an alien creature that slaughtered her crew. Ripley is rescued and debriefed by her Weyland-Yutani Corporation employers who doubt her claim about alien eggs in a derelict ship on the exomoon LV-426, now the site of a terraforming colony.After contact is lost with the colony, Weyland-Yutani representative Carter Burke and Colonial Marine Lieutenant Gorman ask Ripley to accompany them to investigate. Still traumatized by her alien encounter, she agrees on condition that they exterminate the creatures. Ripley meets the Colonial Marines aboard the spaceship Sulaco but distrusts their android, Bishop, because the Nostromo's android, Ash, had betrayed its crew to protect the alien on company orders.A dropship lands the crew on LV-426, where they find the battle-ravaged colony and two live alien facehuggers in containment tanks. The only colonist found is a traumatized young girl nicknamed Newt. The team locates the other colonists' signals beneath the fusion-powered atmosphere processing station and heads to their location, descending into corridors covered in alien secretions. At the station's center, the marines discover opened eggs, dead facehuggers, and cocooned colonists serving as incubators for the alien embryos. The marines kill a newborn alien after it bursts through a colonist's chest, rousing several adult aliens who ambush the marines, killing or capturing many. When the inexperienced Gorman panics, Ripley assumes command and rams their armored personnel carrier into the nest to rescue Corporal Dwayne Hicks, and Privates Hudson and Vasquez. Hicks orders the dropship to recover the survivors, but a stowaway alien kills the pilots, causing the dropship to crash into the station. Low on ammunition and resources, the survivors barricade themselves inside the colony facility.Ripley discovers that Burke ordered the colonists to investigate the derelict spaceship containing the alien eggs, intending to profit by recovering them for biological weapon research. Before she can expose Burke, Bishop reports that the dropship crash damaged the power plant's cooling system, and it will soon overheat and explode, destroying the colony. Bishop volunteers to travel to the colony transmitter and remotely pilot the remaining dropship to the surface.Asleep in the medical lab, Ripley and Newt awaken to find themselves trapped with the two released facehuggers. Ripley triggers a fire alarm to alert the marines, who rescue them and kill the creatures. She accuses Burke of releasing the facehuggers to implant her and Newt with alien embryos to smuggle them through Earth's quarantine. The power is suddenly cut, and aliens attack through the ceiling. In the ensuing firefight, the aliens kill Burke, subdue Hudson, and injure Hicks; the cornered Gorman and Vasquez sacrifice themselves to avoid capture. Newt is separated from Ripley and taken by the creatures. Ripley takes Hicks to the dropship but refuses to abandon Newt and arms herself before descending into the processing station hive alone to rescue her. During their escape, they encounter the alien queen amid dozens of eggs. When one opens, Ripley burns the eggs and blows up the queen's ovipositor. Pursued by the enraged queen, Ripley and Newt reach the dropship and escape with Bishop and an unconscious Hicks moments before the station explodes, consuming the colony in a nuclear blast.Aboard the Sulaco, the queen, stowed away in the dropship's landing gear, attacks the group. The queen rips Bishop in half and advances on Newt, but Ripley battles the creature using an exosuit cargo loader, expelling it into space through an airlock while the damaged Bishop shields Newt. Ripley, Newt, Hicks, and Bishop then enter hypersleep for their return trip to Earth.
177	Good, The Bad and The Ugly, The (1966)	Action, Western	In the American Southwest during the Civil War, a mercenary known as "Angel Eyes" interrogates a former Confederate soldier to learn the alias of a man who stole a stash of Confederate gold. The soldier, Stevens, reveals the name "Bill Carson" and attempts to bribe Angel Eyes to kill his employer. Angel Eyes insists he must follow the orders of his paymasters and kills Stevens. After reporting the name to his employer, Angel Eyes also murders him, having accepted the bribe.Mexican bandit Tuco Ramirez, fleeing from bounty hunters, is captured by an unnamed drifter he nicknames "Blondie" who delivers him to a sheriff and collects the bounty. As Tuco is about to be hanged, Blondie severs the noose with a rifle bullet and the two escape to split the bounty. They repeat the process in another town but Blondie grows weary of Tuco's complaints, keeps the money, and strands Tuco in the desert.Bent on revenge, Tuco reassembles his gang and tracks down Blondie. Although his gang dies in a failed attempt, Tuco captures Blondie in his hotel room, but an artillery round destroys the room and allows Blondie to escape. Tuco recaptures Blondie after a lengthy pursuit and force-marches him through the desert until he collapses from dehydration. A runaway ambulance arrives with several dead Confederate soldiers and Bill Carson. Near death, Carson begs Tuco for help, offering $200,000 in gold buried in Sad Hill Cemetery. When Tuco returns with water, Carson has died, having revealed the exact location of the gold to Blondie. The two reluctantly agree to work together, unwilling to disclose their knowledge of the gold's location. They pose as Confederate soldiers at a mission while Blondie recovers and Tuco reunites with his brother, a priest, who rejects Tuco. They leave the mission and are taken prisoner by Union cavalry. Tuco gives the name Bill Carson, alerting Angel Eyes, who has infiltrated the POW camp as a Union sergeant. Tuco is tortured into revealing the cemetery's name and sent away to be hanged. Knowing torture won't work on Blondie, Angel Eyes joins forces with him. Tuco escapes from custody and tracks Angel Eyes' gang to a ghost town.Distrusting of Angel Eyes, Blondie finds Tuco and kill the gang members, but Angel Eyes escapes. Tuco and Blondie witness a battle over a strategic bridge they need to cross, and blow it up to disperse the armies and clear their path. As they wire the bridge with explosives, Tuco suggests they exchange their secrets in case either is killed. Tuco reveals the cemetery's name, and Blondie says "Arch Stanton" is the name on the grave.After the bridge is demolished, Tuco rushes towards Sad Hill to claim the gold for himself. Blondie catches up to him as he digs up the grave, and Angel Eyes arrives soon after. When no gold is found in the grave, Blondie admits lying about the name. He then places a stone in the middle of the cemetery's pavement, on which he says the true name is written. The three men face off in a Mexican standoff. Angel Eyes draws first and Blondie kills him, while Tuco discovers his gun isn't loaded. Blondie admits he unloaded it the night before, and that the gold is in the grave marked "Unknown" beside Stanton's. After Tuco digs up several large bags of gold, Blondie orders him at gunpoint into a hangman's noose. With hands bound, Tuco stands atop a rickety grave marker while Blondie takes half the gold and rides away. As Tuco screams for mercy, Blondie severs the rope with a rifle shot, dropping Tuco face-first onto the remaining gold. Tuco furiously curses Blondie, who disappears over the hills.
178	12 Angry Men (1957)	Drama	On a hot summer day in the New York County Courthouse, the trial has just concluded of an 18-year-old boy, characterized as a "slum kid", who is accused of killing his abusive father. The judge instructs the jury that if there is reasonable doubt, they must return a verdict of "not guilty." If found guilty, the defendant will receive a mandatory death sentence via the electric chair. The verdict must be unanimous.At first, the case seems clear. A neighbor who lives opposite testifies to having seen the defendant stab his father, as she lay in bed looking out of her window and through the windows of a passing elevated train into the apartment where the killing took place. A disabled neighbor living below testifies that he heard the defendant threaten to kill his father, then heard the body hitting the floor. He says that on going to his door and opening it, he saw the defendant running down the stairs. The defendant had recently purchased, but claimed that he had lost, a switchblade of the same type that was found at the murder scene, wiped of fingerprints.In a preliminary vote, all jurors vote "guilty" except Juror 8, who believes there is reasonable doubt and wants discussion before any verdict. When his first few arguments—including proving that the knife, believed to be unique, is in fact not—fail to convince the other jurors, he suggests a secret ballot. This reveals one other "not guilty" vote; Juror 9 reveals that he, too, now agrees there should be more discussion.Juror 8 argues that the noise of the passing train would have obscured everything the second witness claimed to have overheard. Several jurors question whether the death threat, even if it was overheard, was simply a figure of speech. Two jurors change their votes. After looking at a diagram of the second witness's apartment, and conducting an experiment, the jurors determine that it is impossible for the disabled witness to have made it to the door in the time he stated. Juror 3, infuriated, lunges at juror 8 and threatens to kill him; all go silent as they realize his words cannot reasonably be taken literally. Two more change their votes; the jury is now evenly split.The father's stab wound was angled downwards. Juror 5, who has had personal experience with switchblades, points out that such blades are designed to be thrust upwardly, and that a downward thrust from a shorter, experienced assailant is inconceivable as it would have required the blade to have been repositioned in the killer's hand. After another vote, the jurors are split 9:3. Juror 10 delivers a prejudiced rant against people from slum backgrounds, resulting in most of the other jurors distancing themselves from him. Juror 4 declares that the evidence from the woman who saw the killing from her bed is solid, convincing one juror to revert back to guilty. After watching Juror 4 remove his glasses and rub the impressions they made on his nose, Juror 9 realizes that the witness was constantly rubbing similar marks on her own nose, showing that she was a regular glasses-wearer despite not wearing them in court. Juror 8 remarks that the witness's evidence must be questionable as she said she was in bed trying to sleep at the time, when she would not have been wearing her glasses, nor would she have had time to put them on. All apart from Juror 3 change their votes.After failing to convince the others, Juror 3 finally realizes that his strained relationship with his son is the reason for his certainty. He rips up a photograph of himself and his son in a fit of rage, breaks down in tears, and changes his vote. The jurors leave the jury room, now unanimous that the defendant should be acquitted. Juror 8 helps Juror 3 with his jacket. As they leave the courthouse, Jurors 8 and 9, jointly the strongest for acquittal, briefly exchange names before parting ways.
179	Clockwork Orange, A (1971)	Sci-Fi	A Clockwork Orange is a dystopian satirical black comedy novel by English writer Anthony Burgess, published on March 17, 1962. It is set in a near-future society that has a youth subculture of extreme violence. The teenage protagonist, Alex, narrates his violent exploits and his experiences with state authorities intent on reforming him. The book is partially written in a Russian-influenced argot called "Nadsat", which takes its name from the Russian suffix that is equivalent to '-teen' in English. According to Burgess, the novel was a jeu d'esprit written in just three weeks. In 2005, A Clockwork Orange was included on Time magazine's list of the 100 best English-language novels written since 1923, and it was named by Modern Library and its readers as one of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century. The original manuscript of the book has been kept at McMaster University's William Ready Division of Archives and Research Collections in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada since the institution purchased the documents in 1971. It is considered one of the most influential dystopian books. In 2022, the novel was included on the "Big Jubilee Read" list of 70 books by Commonwealth authors selected to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee of Elizabeth II.
180	Apocalypse Now (1979)	Drama, War	 In 1969, during the Vietnam War, jaded MACV-SOG operative Captain Benjamin L. Willard is summoned to I Field Force headquarters in Nha Trang. The officers there tell him that U.S. Army Special Forces Colonel Walter E. Kurtz is waging a brutal war against NVA, Viet Cong, and Khmer Rouge forces without permission from his commanders. He is based at a remote jungle outpost in eastern Cambodia, where he commands American, Montagnard, and local Khmer militia troops who worship Kurtz. Willard is ordered to "terminate Kurtz's command... with extreme prejudice." He joins a U.S. Navy river patrol boat (PBR) commanded by the Chief Petty Officer Phillips, with crewmen Lance Johnson, "Chef" Hicks, and "Mr. Clean" Miller to quietly navigate up the Nùng River to Kurtz's outpost.Before reaching the coastal mouth of the Nùng, they rendezvous with the 1st Squadron, 9th Cavalry Regiment—a helicopter-borne air assault unit of the elite 1st Cavalry Division, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Bill Kilgore—to discuss safe entry into the river. Kilgore is initially inattentive, as he has not received word about their mission through normal channels. However, he becomes more engaged after discovering that Lance, a well-known surfer, is in the group. Kilgore, an avid surfer himself, agrees to escort them through the Nùng's Viet Cong-held coastal mouth. The helicopter squadron, playing "Ride of the Valkyries" on loudspeakers, raids at dawn with a napalm strike.Resisting Kilgore’s attempts to convince Lance to surf with him on the newly conquered beach, Willard gathers the sailors to board the PBR and continue on their mission. During a bout of downtime, Willard and Chef are jumped by a tiger while trying to fetch mangos. The surprise of this event leads to Chef having a brief mental breakdown, leading Willard to start seeing cracks form in the crew. Tension arises as Willard insists on the priority of his mission over the Chief's usual patrol objectives.Slowly making their way upriver, Willard partially reveals his orders to the Chief to convince him that the mission is important and should proceed despite the difficulties they’ve encountered. As Willard studies Kurtz's dossier, he is struck by the mid-career sacrifice Kurtz made by leaving a prestigious Pentagon assignment to join Special Forces, all but destroying his chances for career advancement.At a remote U.S. Army outpost, Willard and Lance seek information on what is upriver and receive a dispatch bag containing both official and personal mail. Unable to find any commanding officer, Willard orders the Chief to continue. Willard learns via the dispatch that another MACV-SOG operative, Special Forces Captain Richard Colby, was sent on an earlier mission identical to Willard's and has since joined Kurtz.Lance activates a smoke grenade while under the influence of LSD, attracting enemy fire, causing Mr. Clean's death. Further upriver, the Chief is impaled by a spear thrown by Montagnards and attempts to kill Willard with the spear point protruding from his chest, but Willard overpowers him.Willard reveals his mission to Chef, who is now in charge of the PBR. The PBR arrives at Kurtz's outpost, a Khmer temple teeming with Montagnards and strewn with the remains of victims. Willard, Chef, and Lance are greeted by an American photojournalist, who praises Kurtz's genius. Willard encounters Colby and five other American soldiers among the Montagnards. He sets out with Lance to find Kurtz, leaving Chef with orders to call in an airstrike on the outpost if the two do not return.In the camp, Willard is bound and brought before Kurtz, after which he is locked in a bamboo cage. One night Kurtz appears and drops Chef's severed head into Willard's lap. Willard is released, and warned not to attempt escape from the camp or he will be shot. Kurtz lectures him on his theories of war, praising the ruthlessness of the Viet Cong, and asks him to tell his son the truth about his mutiny. Later, as the Montagnards ceremonially kill a water buffalo, Willard assassinates Kurtz with a machete. Everyone in the camp sees Willard departing, carrying a collection of Kurtz's writings, and bows down to him. Willard finds Lance, leads him back to the PBR, and they depart back down the river, away from Kurtz’s outpost.
181	Return of the Jedi (1983)	Action, Adventure, Romance, Sci-Fi, War	One year after Han Solo's capture and imprisonment in carbonite, C-3PO and R2-D2 enter the palace of the crime lord Jabba the Hutt on Tatooine. They were sent as a goodwill gift by Luke Skywalker, who hopes to negotiate with Jabba for Han's release. Disguised as a bounty hunter, Princess Leia infiltrates the palace under the pretense of having captured Chewbacca. She releases Han from the carbonite but is caught by Jabba and enslaved. Luke arrives to bargain for the release of his friends, but Jabba drops him through a trapdoor to be eaten by a rancor, only for one of Jabba's guards to get eaten alive. After Luke kills the beast, Jabba decrees that he, Han, and Chewbacca will be fed to a Sarlacc, a deadly ground-dwelling creature. Luke retrieves his new green lightsaber from R2-D2, and the group of friends battle Jabba's thugs aboard his sail barge. During the chaos, Boba Fett falls into the Sarlacc's pit, and Leia strangles Jabba to death with her chains. The group escapes as Jabba's sail barge is destroyed.As the others rendezvous with the Rebel Alliance, Luke returns to Dagobah to complete his Jedi training with Yoda, who is dying when he arrives. Before Yoda dies, he confirms that Darth Vader is Luke's father, the former Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, and that there is another Skywalker. Obi-Wan Kenobi's Force spirit tells Luke that Leia is his twin sister, and that he must face Vader again to finish his training and defeat the Empire.The Alliance learns that the Empire has been constructing a second Death Star under the supervision of the Emperor. The station is protected by an energy shield on the forest moon of Endor. Han leads a strike team, including Luke, Leia, and Chewbacca, to destroy its generator. Once on the moon, the team gains the trust of a tribe of Ewoks after an initial conflict. Later, Luke tells Leia she is his sister, and Vader is their father. Luke surrenders to Imperial troops and is brought before Vader, but fails to convince him to reject the dark side of the Force.Luke is brought to the Emperor, who intends to turn him to the dark side. He also reveals that Luke's friends on Endor and the rebel fleet are heading into a trap. On the forest moon, Han's team is captured by Imperial forces, but the Ewoks counterattack, allowing the rebels to infiltrate the shield generator. Meanwhile, Lando Calrissian and Admiral Ackbar lead the rebel assault on the Death Star, finding its shield still active and the Imperial fleet waiting for them.The Emperor reveals to Luke that the Death Star is fully operational and orders the firing of its massive laser, which destroys a rebel starship. He tempts Luke to give in to his anger and embrace the dark side of the Force. Luke attacks him, but Vader intervenes, and the two engage in a lightsaber duel. Luke defeats Vader and severs his prosthetic hand. The Emperor orders Luke to kill his father, but Luke refuses. In response, the Emperor tortures Luke with Force lightning. Unwilling to let his son die, Vader throws the Emperor down a shaft to his demise. Before dying, a fatally wounded Vader asks Luke to remove his mask in a moment of reconciliation.After the rebel strike team destroys the shield generator, Lando leads fighter ships into the Death Star's core. While the rebel fleet destroys the Imperial command ship, Lando and X-wing pilot Wedge Antilles destroy the Death Star's main reactor and escape before the station explodes. Luke cremates Vader's body on Endor before reuniting with his friends. As the rebels celebrate their victory, Luke sees the Force spirits of Obi-Wan, Yoda, and Anakin standing nearby.
182	GoodFellas (1990)	Crime, Drama	In 1955, teenager Henry Hill becomes enamored by the criminal life and Mafia presence in East New York, a working-class Italian-American neighborhood in Brooklyn, New York City. He begins working for local caporegime Paulie Cicero and his associates Jimmy Conway, an Irish-American truck hijacker and gangster, and Tommy DeVito, a fellow juvenile delinquent. Henry begins as a fence for Jimmy, gradually working his way up to more serious crimes.Throughout the 1960s, the three men excel at carjacking, stealing cargo trucks from JFK Airport, and eventually commit the Air France Robbery. They spend most of their nights at the Copacabana nightclub, carousing with women. Henry starts dating Karen Friedman, a Jewish woman who is initially confused by Henry's criminal activities. She is soon seduced by Henry's glamorous lifestyle, and marries him, despite her parents' disapproval.In 1970, Billy Batts, a made man in the Gambino crime family who was recently released from prison, insults Tommy at a nightclub that is owned by Henry. In response, Tommy and Jimmy beat, stab and fatally shoot Billy. Realizing that the unsanctioned murder of a made man will invite retribution, Jimmy, Henry and Tommy bury the body in Upstate New York. Six months later, Jimmy learns that the burial site is slated for development, prompting them to exhume and relocate the decaying corpse.In 1974, Karen harasses Henry's mistress Janice, and threatens Henry at gunpoint. Henry moves in with Janice, but Paulie insists that he return to Karen after collecting a debt from a gambler in Tampa with Jimmy. Jimmy and Henry are arrested after being turned in by the gambler's sister, an FBI typist, and they receive ten-year prison sentences. To support his family on the outside, Henry has Karen smuggle in drugs from Pittsburgh, which he sells to fellow inmates.In 1978, Henry is paroled and expands his cocaine business with Jimmy and Tommy, against Paulie's orders. Jimmy organizes a crew to raid the Lufthansa vault at JFK Airport, stealing six million dollars in cash and jewelry. After some members purchase expensive items against Jimmy's orders and the getaway truck is found by police, he has most of the crew killed. Only Henry and Tommy are spared, as Henry is making money through his Pittsburgh connection, and Tommy is about to become a made man. However, Tommy is killed when he arrives at the bogus initiation ceremony, in retribution for murdering Batts.By 1980, Henry has become a nervous wreck due to heavy cocaine use. He sets up another drug deal with his Pittsburgh associates but is arrested by narcotics agents and incarcerated. After bailing him out, Karen explains that she flushed $60,000 worth of cocaine down the toilet to prevent FBI agents from finding it during their raid, leaving the Hills penniless.Feeling betrayed by Henry's drug dealing, and realizing that he is a liability, Paulie gives him $3,200 and ends their association. Henry meets Jimmy at a diner and is asked to travel to a hit assignment, but the request makes him suspicious. Realizing that Jimmy plans to have him killed, Henry decides to finally become an informant and enroll with his family in the witness protection program. Henry gives sufficient testimony and evidence in court to have Paulie and Jimmy convicted, and moves to a neighborhood in an undisclosed location, in accordance with the witness protection program. Henry describes his unhappiness by leaving his exciting and turbulent gangster life, feeling condemned to live a boring, average life as a "schnook".
183	Alien (1979)	Action, Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller	The commercial space tug Nostromo is returning to Earth with a seven-member crew in "stasis": captain Dallas, executive officer Kane, warrant officer Ripley, navigator Lambert, science officer Ash, and engineers Parker and Brett, along with the ship cat, Jones. The ship's computer, "Mother", detects a transmission from a nearby planetoid and wakes the crew. Following company policy to investigate transmissions indicating intelligent life, they land on the surface, but the ship is damaged. Dallas, Kane, and Lambert discover the transmission comes from a derelict alien vessel. Inside is a giant, fossilised alien corpse with a hole in its torso. Meanwhile, Mother partially deciphers the transmission, which Ripley determines is a warning beacon and not an SOS as first thought.Kane enters a chamber containing hundreds of large eggs. When he touches one, an arthropod-like lifeform springs out, penetrates his helmet, and attaches to his face. Back at the Nostromo, Ripley refuses to allow them aboard, citing quarantine regulations, but Ash disobeys her. While the engineers work on ship repairs, Ash attempts to extricate the creature from Kane's face; he stops when he discovers that its highly corrosive acidic blood could harm Kane and damage the ship's hull. The creature eventually detaches itself and dies. After the crew returns to space, Kane awakens and seems well. During a final crew meal before returning to stasis, he suddenly chokes and convulses as a small alien creature bursts from his chest and escapes into the ship.After ejecting Kane's body into space, the crew uses tracking devices to try to locate and kill the creature. Encountering Jones, Brett follows him into a landing leg compartment, where the now fully-grown alien kills him. The crew determines that the alien is using the air ducts and Dallas enters one with a flamethrower to force the creature into an airlock, but it kills him. Lambert desperately suggests fleeing in the small shuttle, but it will not support four people. Ripley, now in command, decides they will flush out the alien.Ripley accesses Mother herself and discovers a secret company directive: Ash should return with the alien for study and the crew is expendable. Ash attempts to kill her when confronted. Parker intervenes, knocking Ash's head loose and revealing him to be an android. The survivors reactivate Ash's head, and it states that the alien cannot be killed and expresses admiration for it. Parker incinerates Ash.The remaining crew decide to initiate the self-destruct sequence and escape in the shuttle, but the alien kills Parker and Lambert as they gather supplies. Now alone, Ripley starts the sequence, but the alien blocks her path to the shuttle. She tries unsuccessfully to abort the self-destruct. She reaches the shuttle with Jones as the Nostromo explodes.As Ripley prepares for stasis, she discovers the alien has stowed itself in a narrow compartment. She dons a spacesuit, loads a grappling hook gun, and straps herself to a chair before she begins discharging gases to drive the alien from its hiding place. It tries to attack her but she opens the shuttle door. The depressurisation blast leaves the alien clinging to the door frame. Ripley shoots it with the gun and it is blown, tethered, into space, but the gun is caught in the closing shuttle door, swinging the alien into an engine nacelle. She fires the engines, burning the alien and blasting it away. After recording her log entry, she places Jones and herself into stasis to start their return journey to Earth.
184	Army of Darkness (1993)	Action, Adventure, Comedy, Horror, Sci-Fi	Having been accidentally transported to the Middle Ages, Ash Williams is captured by Lord Arthur's men, who suspect him of being a spy for Duke Henry, with whom Arthur is at war. He is enslaved along with the captured Henry, his shotgun and chainsaw are confiscated, and he is taken to Arthur's castle. Ash is thrown in a pit where he kills a Deadite and regains his weapons from Arthur's Wise Man. After demanding that Henry and his men be set free and killing a Deadite publicly, Ash is celebrated as a hero. He grows attracted to Sheila, the sister of one of Arthur's fallen knights.According to the Wise Man, the only way that Ash can return to his time is through the magical Necronomicon Ex-Mortis. Ash then starts his search for the Necronomicon. As he enters a haunted forest, an unseen force pursues Ash into a windmill, and he crashes into a mirror. Small reflections of Ash in the mirror shards come to life and antagonize him, with one becoming a life-sized copy of him, which Ash dismembers and buries.When he arrives at the Necronomicon's location, he finds three books instead of one, and has to determine which one is real. Realizing at the last moment that he has forgotten the last word of the phrase that will allow him to remove the book safely –  "Klaatu barada nikto" –  he tries to mumble and cough his way through the pronunciation. He grabs the book and begins rushing back. Meanwhile, unknown to Ash, his ruse has failed and his body's copy rises from the dead, uniting other Deadites into the Army of Darkness.Upon his return, Ash demands to be returned to his own time. However, Sheila is abducted by a flying Deadite and later transformed into one by "Evil Ash". Ash becomes determined to lead the outnumbered humans against the Army, and the people reluctantly agree. Using knowledge from textbooks in his 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88 and enlisting the help of Duke Henry, Ash successfully leads the soldiers to victory over the Deadites, blows up "Evil Ash", saves Sheila, and brings peace between Arthur and Henry. Using a passage from the Necronomicon, the Wise Man tells him how to return to the present by giving him a potion after reciting the same phrase as earlier.Back in the present, Ash recounts his story to a fellow employee at the S-Mart department store. As he talks to a female co-worker who is interested in his story, a surviving Deadite, present because Ash once again forgot the last word, attacks the customers. Ash kills it using a Winchester rifle and exclaims, "Hail to the king, baby", before passionately kissing the co-worker.
185	Psycho (1960)	Horror, Romance, Thriller	Marion Crane, a real estate secretary in Phoenix, steals $40,000 in cash (equivalent to $425,152 in 2024) from her employer after hearing her boyfriend, Sam Loomis, complain that his debts are delaying their marriage. She sets off to drive to Sam's home in the town of Fairvale, California, switching cars in Bakersfield after an encounter with a suspicious policeman. A heavy rainstorm forces Marion to stop at the Bates Motel just a few miles from Fairvale. Norman Bates, the proprietor, whose Second Empire style house overlooks the motel, registers Marion (who uses an alias) and invites her to dinner with him in the motel's office. When Norman returns to his house to retrieve the food, Marion overhears him arguing with his mother about his desire to dine with Marion. After he returns, he discusses his hobby as a taxidermist, his mother's "illness" and how people have a "private trap" they want to escape. When Marion suggests that Norman should have his mother institutionalized, he becomes greatly offended and insists that she's harmless. Marion decides to drive back to Phoenix in the morning to return the stolen money. As she showers, a shadowy figure enters the bathroom and stabs her to death. Shortly afterward, Norman comes to check on Marion, only to discover her dead body. Horrified, he hurriedly cleans up the murder scene. He then places Marion's body, her belongings, and, unbeknownst to him, the hidden cash in her car, before sinking the vehicle in a swamp.Marion's sister, Lila, arrives in Fairvale a week later, tells Sam about the theft and demands information about Marion's whereabouts. He denies knowing anything about Marion's disappearance. A private investigator named Arbogast approaches them, stating that he has been hired to retrieve the money. He stops in at the Bates Motel and questions Norman, whose nervous conduct, stuttering, and inconsistent answers arouse his suspicion. Arbogast examines the guest register and discovers from some handwriting in it that Marion spent a night in the motel. When Arbogast infers from things Norman says that Marion had spoken to his mother, Arbogast asks to speak to her, but Norman refuses to allow it. Arborgast leaves, finds a pay phone, and calls Lila to tell her of his suspicions. He says that he's going back to the motel to speak to Norman's mother and that he'll rejoin Lila in town in an hour or less.After Arbogast returns and enters the Bates's house to search for Norman's mother, a shadowy figure at the top of the stairs stabs him to death.When Sam and Lila do not hear back from Arbogast, Sam goes to the motel to look for him. Sam spots a silhouette in the house who he assumes is Norman's mother. Lila and Sam alert the local sheriff, Al Chambers, who tells them Norman's mother died in a murder–suicide by strychnine poisoning about a decade earlier. Chambers suggests that Arbogast lied to Sam and Lila so he could pursue Marion and the money. Convinced that something unusual happened to Arbogast, Lila and Sam drive to the motel and check in. Later, Sam distracts Norman in the office while Lila sneaks into the Bates's house. Suspicious, Norman knocks Sam unconscious. As Norman heads to the house, Lila hides in the fruit cellar, where she discovers the mummified body of Norman's mother. Lila screams in horror, and Norman, wearing women's clothes and a wig, enters the cellar and attempts to stab her. Sam appears and subdues Norman.At the police station, a psychiatrist explains that Norman killed his mother and her lover about ten years before out of jealousy. Unable to bear the guilt, he stole his mother's corpse and treated it as if she were still alive, then re-created his mother as an alternate personality, as jealous and possessive toward Norman as he felt about his mother. Whenever Norman was attracted to a woman, "Mother" would take over. Under the "Mother" personality, Norman killed two women before he killed Marion and Arbogast. The psychiatrist concludes that "Mother" has now completely submerged Norman's personality. Norman sits in a jail cell and hears his mother's voice stating the murders were his doing. Meanwhile, Marion's car, which contains her remains and the stolen money, is pulled from the swamp.
186	Blues Brothers, The (1980)	Action, Comedy, Musical	The Blues Brothers are an American blues and soul revue band founded in 1978 by comedians Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi, who met and began collaborating as original cast members of Saturday Night Live. The Blues Brothers Musical Revue consisted of lead vocalist "Joliet" Jake Blues (Belushi) and his brother, Elwood (Aykroyd), who played a harmonica that he carried onstage in a briefcase handcuffed to his wrist. The duo were usually dressed in matching black suits, black pencil ties, black trilby hats and sunglasses. The band itself was carefully constructed, and made up of experienced musicians of the time, including Steve "The Colonel" Cropper, Donald "Duck" Dunn, Matt "Guitar" Murphy, "Blue" Lou Marini, Tom "Bones" Malone, and Alan "Mr. Fabulous" Rubin. The act debuted as musical guest on the April 22, 1978, episode of Saturday Night Live, hosted by comedian Steve Martin. After recruiting a full band, the group opened for Martin during a residency at the Universal Amphitheatre in September 1978. Recordings from that performance were released on November 28 as a live album, Briefcase Full of Blues. The album rose to the top of the charts and was a platinum seller. Several subsequent albums followed. The act opened for the Grateful Dead at the closing of Winterland Arena in San Francisco, and gained further fame after spawning the comedy film The Blues Brothers in 1980. They remain the most successful blues revue act of all time. Belushi died in 1982, but the Blues Brothers continued to perform with a rotation of guest singers and other band members. The band re-formed in 1988 for a world tour and again in 1998 for the sequel film Blues Brothers 2000.
187	Godfather: Part II, The (1974)	Action, Crime, Drama	The Godfather Part II is a 1974 American epic crime film produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola, loosely based on the 1969 novel The Godfather by Mario Puzo, who co-wrote the screenplay with Coppola. It is both a sequel and a prequel to the 1972 film The Godfather, presenting parallel dramas: one picks up the 1958 story of Michael Corleone (Al Pacino), the new Don of the Corleone family, protecting the family business in the aftermath of an attempt on his life; the other covers the journey of his father, Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro), from his Sicilian childhood to the founding of his family enterprise in New York City. The ensemble cast also features Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, Morgana King, John Cazale, Marianna Hill and Lee Strasberg. Following the first film's success, Paramount Pictures began developing a follow-up, with many of the cast and crew returning. Coppola, who was given more creative control, had wanted to make both a sequel and a prequel to The Godfather that would tell the story of Vito's rise and Michael's fall. Principal photography began in October 1973 and wrapped up in June 1974. The Godfather Part II premiered in New York City on December 12, 1974, and was released in the United States on December 20, 1974. It grossed $48 million in the United States and Canada and up to $93 million worldwide on a $13 million budget. The film was nominated for eleven Academy Awards, and became the first sequel to win Best Picture. Its six Oscar wins also included Best Director for Coppola, Best Supporting Actor for De Niro and Best Adapted Screenplay for Coppola and Puzo. Pacino won Best Actor at the BAFTAs and was nominated at the Oscars. The Godfather Part II is considered to be one of the greatest films of all time, as well as a rare example of a sequel that rivals its predecessor. Like its predecessor, Part II remains a highly influential film, especially in the gangster genre. In 1997, the American Film Institute ranked it as the 32nd-greatest film in American film history and it retained this position 10 years later. It was selected for preservation in the U.S. National Film Registry of the Library of Congress in 1993, being deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". Pauline Kael wrote: "The Godfather was the greatest gangster picture ever made, and had metaphorical overtones that took it far beyond the gangster genre. In Part II, the wider themes are no longer merely implied. The second film shows the consequences of the actions in the first; it’s all one movie, in two great big pieces, and it comes together in your head while you watch." The Godfather Part III, the final installment in the trilogy, was released 16 years later in 1990.
188	Full Metal Jacket (1987)	Action, Drama, War	During the Vietnam War, a group of USMC recruits arrive for the eight-week basic training at Parris Island. Drill instructor Gunnery Sergeant Hartman uses harsh methods to train them for combat. Among the recruits are the wisecracking J. T. Davis, who is nicknamed "Joker" after mocking Hartman, and the overweight and dim-witted Leonard Lawrence, whom Hartman nicknames "Gomer Pyle".During boot camp, Hartman relentlessly targets Pyle and later names Joker squad leader, charging him with helping Pyle improve. During hygiene inspection, Hartman notices that Pyle's footlocker is unlocked. Finding a jelly doughnut inside, he blames the rest of the platoon for Pyle's infractions and collectively punishes them, but spares Pyle. The next night, the recruits haze Pyle with a blanket party in which Joker reluctantly participates. Pyle appears to reinvent himself into a model recruit, showing particular expertise in marksmanship. Joker, however, worries Pyle may be suffering a mental breakdown when hearing Pyle talk to his rifle. The night before the recruits are to leave Parris Island, Joker, on fire watch duty, discovers Pyle in the barracks latrine loading his M14 rifle with live ammunition, executing drill commands, and loudly reciting the Rifleman's Creed. Awakened by the commotion, Hartman calmly orders Pyle to put down the rifle, but Pyle aims it at him. Provoked by Hartman insulting him again, Pyle fatally shoots him and then kills himself in front of Joker.By January 1968, Joker is a sergeant based in Da Nang for the newspaper Stars and Stripes alongside Private First Class "Rafterman," a combat photographer. The Tet Offensive begins and the base is attacked, but holds. The following morning, Joker and Rafterman are sent to Phu Bai, where Joker searches for and reunites with Sergeant "Cowboy" Evans, a friend from Parris Island who now serves in a unit dubbed the "Lusthog Squad". While reporting at a site where civilians were massacred, a Marine Corps colonel challenges Joker on the inconsistency of his wearing a peace symbol pin button on his uniform's lapel, while having "Born to Kill" written on his helmet. Joker claims he does not know its meaning, nor where he procured the pin, but when pressed, surmises he intended it as commentary on the duality of man.During the Battle of Huế, platoon leader Lieutenant Walter J. "Touchdown" Schinoski and a fellow Marine are killed by the NVA. Later, a booby trap kills the squad leader, Sergeant "Crazy Earl", leaving Cowboy in command. Becoming lost in the city, the squad is ambushed by a Viet Cong sniper who kills two members, "Eightball" and "Doc Jay". As the squad approaches the sniper's location, Cowboy is killed.Assuming command, squad machine gunner "Animal Mother" leads an attack on the sniper. Joker locates her first, but his M16 rifle jams. The sniper, a teenage girl, overhears this and opens fire, while Rafterman shoots and mortally wounds her. As the squad converges on the sniper, she begs for death, leading to an argument over whether to kill her or leave her to die in pain. Animal Mother agrees to a mercy killing but only if Joker will handle it; after some hesitation, Joker shoots her. As night falls, the Marines march to the Perfume River singing the "Mickey Mouse March". A narration of Joker's thoughts conveys that, despite his being "in a world of shit", he is glad to be alive, and is "not afraid".
189	Grand Day Out, A (1992)	Animation, Comedy	The 1992 Monaco Grand Prix (formally the 50ème Grand Prix de Monaco) was a Formula One motor race held on 31 May 1992 at the Circuit de Monaco. It was the sixth race of the 1992 Formula One World Championship. The 78-lap race was won by Ayrton Senna, driving a McLaren-Honda. Drivers' Championship leader Nigel Mansell took pole position in his Williams-Renault and led until lap 71, when he suspected he had a puncture and made a pit stop for new tyres. He emerged behind Senna, closed up to the Brazilian and tried to find a way past but without success, Senna holding on to win by 0.2 seconds. It was Senna's fifth Monaco Grand Prix win, equalling the record set by Graham Hill. Mansell's teammate Riccardo Patrese was third, half a minute behind, with the top six completed by the Benettons of Michael Schumacher and Martin Brundle and the Larrousse of Bertrand Gachot.
190	Henry V (1989)	Drama, War	The film begins with Chorus, in this case a person in modern dress, introducing the subject of the play.  He is walking through an empty film studio and ends his monologue by opening the doors to begin the main action.  Chorus reappears several times during the film, his speeches helping to explain and progress the action.The following act divisions reflect the original play, not the film.
191	Amadeus (1984)	Drama, Mystery	In 1823, aged composer Antonio Salieri attempts suicide and is committed to a psychiatric hospital. He claims that he murdered Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Father Vogler, a young Catholic priest, encourages Salieri to confess his sins before God. After Vogler fails to recognize him, Salieri plays three old melodies to jog his memory. Vogler cannot recognize the first two (which Salieri wrote) but is relieved to recognize the third (Eine kleine Nachtmusik) at once. Salieri peevishly reveals that Mozart wrote it.Salieri begins his confession by saying that he grew up hearing stories of the child prodigy, Mozart. In his youth, Salieri was in love with music but was forbidden by his father from studying the craft. Salieri proposed that if God made him a famous musician like Mozart, he would give God his faithfulness, chastity, and diligence. Salieri's father soon dies, which he interprets as a sign that God has accepted his vow. By 1774, Salieri becomes court composer to Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II in Vienna. However, he has enough taste to know that Emperor Joseph has no ear for music and that his own compositions will not stand the test of time.Upon their first meeting, Salieri immediately knows that Mozart is the better composer but is shocked to learn that Mozart is obscene, immature, and dissolute. He also learns that Mozart never needs to pen a second draft of his music, implying divine inspiration. Salieri cannot fathom why God would choose a reprobate like Mozart as his earthly instrument. Salieri renounces God and vows to take revenge on him by destroying Mozart.Mozart's work is ahead of its time, and he has trouble finding employment in Vienna. He spends himself into debt, alarming his wife Constanze. Salieri and Mozart bond over their shared contempt for Emperor Joseph's lack of taste, but Mozart is unimpressed by Salieri's populist work, which causes Salieri great pain.Mozart boldly adapts the subversive play The Marriage of Figaro into a comedic opera. Salieri rejoices, thinking Mozart's career is ruined, but Mozart stuns Salieri by convincing the Emperor to approve the project. However, the Emperor finds the opera boring, and it is cancelled. Eventually, Mozart's father, Leopold, passes away. In response to criticisms and his grief, Mozart composes Don Giovanni, a dark, serious opera. Salieri is entranced but vindictively gets that opera cancelled, too. Renouncing Vienna's artistic establishment, Mozart agrees to write The Magic Flute for a commoners' theater against Constanze's wishes.After watching Don Giovanni five times, Salieri realizes that the dead commander who accuses Giovanni of sin represents Mozart's inferiority complex towards his father. He concocts a plan to humiliate God. He persuades the unstable Mozart that his late father has risen to commission a Requiem Mass. He plans to kill Mozart, claim the Requiem as his own, and premiere it at Mozart's funeral, forcing God to listen as Salieri is acclaimed. Mozart overworks himself, juggling The Magic Flute and the Requiem. Constanze, who wants him to focus on the Requiem but is fearful of his erratic behaviour, leaves with their son Karl. Although The Magic Flute is a success, the dying Mozart collapses before he can finish the Requiem.Desperate to complete his plan but also desperate for more of Mozart's heavenly music, Salieri begs the bedridden Mozart to keep writing the Requiem. He takes dictation from Mozart, during which he comes to terms with Mozart's superior talent. Mozart thanks Salieri for his friendship, and Salieri admits that Mozart is the greatest composer he knows.Constanze returns and attempts to kick Salieri out of the apartment before he can steal the Requiem, locking it away. As Salieri protests, they are shocked to discover that Mozart has died from exhaustion. Due to his debts, he is buried in a pauper's grave.Back in 1823, Vogler is too shaken to absolve Salieri, who surmises that God would rather destroy his beloved Mozart than allow Salieri to share in the smallest part of Mozart's glory. As Salieri is wheeled down a hallway, he proclaims himself the patron saint of mediocrities. He absolves the asylum's other patients of their inadequacies as Mozart's laughter rings in the air.
192	Raging Bull (1980)	Drama	In 1941, Jake LaMotta is a young up-and-coming middleweight boxer who suffers his first loss to Jimmy Reeves after a controversial decision. Jake's brother Joey discusses a potential shot for the middleweight title with one of his Mafia connections, Salvy Batts. Still, he repeatedly refuses the Mafia's help, wanting to win the championship on his terms.Jake spots a 15-year-old girl named Vickie at a swimming pool in his Bronx neighborhood. He eventually pursues a relationship with her, despite being already married, and Vickie is underage. In 1943, Jake defeats Sugar Ray Robinson, and has a rematch three weeks later. Despite Jake dominating Robinson during the bout, the judges surprisingly rule in favor of Robinson, who Joey feels won only because he was enlisting in the Army the following week.By 1945, Jake marries Vickie, but he is controlling and domineering over her, and constantly worries that she has feelings for other men. His jealousy is evident when he brutally beats his next opponent, Tony Janiro, in front of Tommy Como, the local mob boss, and Vickie. As Joey discusses the victory with journalists at the Copacabana, he is distracted by seeing Vickie approach a table with Salvy and his crew. Joey speaks with Vickie, who implies that she is dissatisfied in her marriage with Jake. Under the mistaken impression that Vickie is having an affair with Salvy, Joey viciously attacks him in a fight that spills outside of the club.Como orders them to apologize to each other, but has Joey tell Jake that if he wants a chance at the championship title, which Como controls, he will have to take a dive. Jake purposely loses his next match against Billy Fox, and is booed out of the building after putting up a lackluster performance. He is suspended from the board shortly thereafter on suspicion of throwing the fight. He is reinstated and, in 1949, wins the middleweight championship title against Marcel Cerdan.In 1950, Jake becomes increasingly paranoid that Vickie is having an affair. He asks Joey if he has had an affair with her, which enrages Joey and causes him to leave. Jake presses Vickie about whether she has had an affair, leading to her sarcastically confessing that she had sex with Joey, Salvy, and Tommy. In a fit of rage, Jake, followed by Vickie, walks to Joey's house and assaults him in front of his wife, Lenora, and their children before knocking Vickie unconscious.Vickie returns to their home and threatens to leave, but they reconcile. After defending his championship belt in a grueling 15-round bout against Laurent Dauthuille in 1950, he calls his brother after the fight to make amends. Still, when Joey assumes that Salvy is on the other end and starts insulting him, Jake silently hangs up. Estranged from his brother, Jake sees his career decline, and he eventually loses his title to Sugar Ray Robinson in their final encounter in 1951.By 1956, an aging and overweight Jake has retired and moved with his family to Miami. After he stays out all night at the nightclub that he owns, Vickie tells him that she wants a divorce, as well as full custody of their children. She also threatens to call the police if he comes anywhere near them.Jake is arrested for admitting underage girls to his nightclub, and he unsuccessfully attempts to bribe his way out of his criminal case using the jewels from his championship belt. In 1957, he goes to jail, sorrowfully questioning his misfortune and crying in despair. After returning to New York City in 1958, he encounters Joey, whom he forcefully embraces. Joey half-heartedly reciprocates.In 1964, Jake performs stand-up comedy at various clubs. Backstage before a show, LaMotta prepares for his performance by shadowboxing, quoting scenes from On the Waterfront and chanting "I'm the boss" before taking the stage.
193	Right Stuff, The (1983)	Drama	In 1947, over the Muroc Army Air Field in California, a number of test pilots are killed while flying high-speed aircraft such as the rocket-powered Bell X-1. After another pilot, Slick Goodlin, demands $150,000  (equivalent to $2,112,000 in 2024) to attempt to break the sound barrier, war hero Captain Chuck Yeager receives the chance to fly the X-1. Yeager becomes the first person to fly at supersonic speed, defeating the "demon in the sky."Six years later, Muroc, now Edwards Air Force Base, still attracts the best test pilots. Yeager (now a major) and friendly rival Scott Crossfield repeatedly break each other's speed records. They often visit the Happy Bottom Riding Club run by Pancho Barnes, who classifies the pilots at Edwards as either "prime" (such as Yeager and Crossfield) that fly the best equipment or newer "pudknockers" who only dream about it. Gordon "Gordo" Cooper,  Virgil "Gus" Grissom and Donald "Deke" Slayton, captains of the United States Air Force, are among the "pudknockers" who hope to also prove that they have "the Right Stuff." The tests are no longer secret, as the military soon recognizes that it needs good publicity for funding. Cooper's wife, Trudy, and other wives are afraid of becoming widows but cannot change their husbands' ambitions and desire for success and fame.In 1957, the launch of the Soviet Sputnik satellite alarms the United States government. Politicians such as Senator Lyndon B. Johnson and military leaders demand that NASA help America defeat the Soviets in the new Space Race. The search for the first Americans in space excludes Yeager because he lacks a college degree. Grueling physical and mental tests select the Mercury Seven astronauts, including John Glenn of the United States Marine Corps, Alan Shepard, Walter Schirra and Scott Carpenter of the United States Navy, as well as Cooper, Grissom and Slayton; they immediately become national heroes. Although many early NASA rockets explode during launch, the ambitious astronauts all hope to be the first in space as part of Project Mercury. Although engineers see the men as passengers, the pilots insist for the Mercury spacecraft to have a window, a hatch with explosive bolts, and pitch-yaw-roll controls. However, the Soviet Union beats them into space on April 12, 1961, with the launch of Vostok 1 carrying Yuri Gagarin. The seven astronauts are determined to match and to surpass the Soviets.Shepard is the first American to reach space on the 15-minute sub-orbital flight of Mercury-Redstone 3 on May 5. After Grissom's similar flight of Mercury-Redstone 4 on July 21, the capsule's hatch blows open and quickly fills with water. Grissom escapes, but the spacecraft, overweight with seawater, sinks. Many criticize Grissom for possibly panicking and opening the hatch prematurely. Glenn becomes the first American to orbit the Earth on Mercury-Atlas 6 on February 20, 1962; he survives a possibly loose heat shield and receives a ticker-tape parade. He, his colleagues, and their families become celebrities, including a gigantic celebration in the Sam Houston Coliseum to announce the opening of the Manned Spacecraft Center in Houston, despite the fear of Glenn's wife, Annie, of public speaking because of a stutter.Although test pilots at Edwards mock the Mercury program for sending "spam in a can" into space, they recognize that they are no longer the fastest men on Earth, and Yeager states that "it takes a special kind of man to volunteer for a suicide mission, especially when it's on national TV." While testing the new Lockheed NF-104A, Yeager attempts to set a new altitude record at the edge of space but is nearly killed in a high-speed ejection when his engine fails. Though seriously burned after reaching the ground, Yeager gathers up his parachute and walks to the ambulance, which proves his worth.On May 15, 1963, Cooper has a successful launch on Mercury-Atlas 9, which ends the Mercury program. As the last American to fly into space alone, he "went higher, farther, and faster than any other American ... for a brief moment, Gordo Cooper became the greatest pilot anyone had ever seen."
194	Sting, The (1973)	Comedy, Crime	In 1936, amid the Great Depression, grifter Johnny Hooker and his partners Luther Coleman and Joe Erie con $11,000 in cash from an unsuspecting victim in Joliet, Illinois. Hooker loses his share of the con on a rigged roulette game, while Luther, buoyed by the windfall, decides to retire.  He tells Hooker to seek out his old friend Henry Gondorff in Chicago to learn "the big con". Corrupt Joliet police lieutenant William Snyder confronts Hooker, revealing that their mark was a courier for vicious Irish-American crime boss Doyle Lonnegan. Lonnegan's men murder Luther and the courier. After finding Luther dead, Hooker flees to Chicago.Hooker finds Gondorff drunk and in hiding from the FBI, running a carousel that is a front for a brothel, and asks for help taking down Lonnegan. Initially reluctant, Gondorff relents and recruits a team of experienced con men. They decide to resurrect an elaborate, obsolete scam known as "the wire", using a large crew to create a phony off-track betting parlor. Snyder and Lonnegan's men track Hooker to Chicago; Gondorff warns Hooker that if either of them find him, the con will have to fold.Aboard the opulent 20th Century Limited, Gondorff, posing as the boorish Chicago bookie "Shaw", buys into Lonnegan's private, high-stakes poker game, being facilitated by the train's conductor. "Shaw" infuriates Lonnegan with his obnoxious behavior, then cheats him out of $15,000 ($339,892 in 2024). Hooker, posing as "Shaw's" disgruntled employee "Kelly", is sent to collect the winnings and to convince Lonnegan to help him take over "Shaw's" operation – a play that Lonnegan has used repeatedly to build his crime empire. Hooker returns home to find Lonnegan's men waiting to assassinate him, but avoids their efforts; Gondorff is spooked by their attempt, but Hooker convinces him to keep the con alive.Snyder's pursuit of Hooker attracts the attention of undercover FBI agents led by Agent Polk, who orders Snyder to bring Hooker in to entrap Gondorff. Meanwhile, Lonnegan, frustrated with his men's inability to kill Hooker for the Joliet con, orders the job to be given to Salino, his best assassin. A mysterious figure with black leather gloves begins following and observing Hooker."Kelly" gives Lonnegan a tip on a 7-to-1 long shot in a horse race that pays off. When Lonnegan presses him for details, he reveals that he has a partner, "Les Harmon" (actually con man Kid Twist), in the Chicago Western Union office, who will help them topple "Shaw" by winning bets he books on horse races through past-posting. Lonnegan is convinced after being provided the trifecta of another race, and agrees to finance a $500,000 bet ($11.3 million in 2024) to break "Shaw" and get revenge. Shortly thereafter, Snyder captures Hooker and brings him before Polk, who forces Hooker to betray Gondorff by threatening to jail Luther Coleman's widow.Feeling despondent the night before the sting, Hooker sleeps with a diner waitress named Loretta. The next morning, as she walks toward him in an alley, the black-gloved man appears and shoots her dead before she could shoot Hooker. The man reveals to Hooker that he was hired by Gondorff to protect him and that the waitress was in fact Salino.After "Harmon's" telephoned direction to "Place it on Lucky Dan," Lonnegan bets $500,000 at "Shaw's" parlor on the horse named Lucky Dan to win. As the race begins, "Harmon" arrives and expresses shock at Lonnegan's bet: when he said "place it" he meant that the horse would "place" (i.e., finish second). In a panic, Lonnegan rushes to the teller window and demands his money back, at which point Polk, Snyder, and a half-dozen FBI agents storm the parlor. Polk tells Hooker he is free to go.  Shocked at the betrayal, Gondorff shoots Hooker. Polk shoots Gondorff and orders Snyder to get the ostensibly respectable Lonnegan away from the crime scene.With Lonnegan and Snyder safely away, Hooker and Gondorff rise ("bleeding" only from fake bullets) amid cheers and laughter: "Polk" is actually Hickey, a fellow con man, who has been running a con atop the con with his "FBI agents" to divert Snyder and ensure that Lonnegan abandons the money without ever realizing he was taken. As the con men strip the room of its contents, Hooker refuses his share of the money, claiming he would lose it anyway, and walks away with Gondorff.
195	Terminator, The (1984)	Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller	A cyborg assassin called a "Terminator" is sent back in time from 2029 to 1984 Los Angeles. It resembles a human male and is programmed to hunt and assassinate a woman named Sarah Connor. Separately, a human soldier named Kyle Reese simultaneously arrives, intent on stopping the Terminator. After searching for addresses in a telephone directory, the Terminator systematically dispatches similarly-named women, as well as several other people it comes in close contact with, including Sarah's roommate, Ginger, and her boyfriend, Matt. The Terminator eventually locates the correct Sarah at a local nightclub, where she is rescued by Reese during a mass shooting. The pair then steal a car to escape, with the Terminator pursuing them in a stolen police car.As they hide in a parking lot, Reese explains to Sarah that an artificially intelligent defense network known as Skynet, created by Cyberdyne Systems, will soon become self-aware and trigger a global nuclear war to bring humankind to its extinction. Sarah's future son, John, will rally the survivors and lead a successful resistance movement against Skynet and its mechanical forces. On the verge of the resistance's victory, Skynet sent the Terminator back in time to assassinate Sarah, thereby preventing John's birth. Reese additionally divulges that the Terminator has a perfect voice-mimicking ability and a durable metal endoskeleton covered by living tissue to appear human.The Terminator tracks Reese and Sarah, but it disappears after crashing during a car chase with the duo. The police apprehend Reese and Sarah. Sarah is notified of Ginger and Matt's murder, while Reese is interrogated by Dr. Silberman, a skeptical criminal psychologist. The Terminator returns to a motel room it has been using as a base of operations to perform self-repairs on its damaged eye and right arm. It arrives at the police station searching for Sarah, slaughtering many officers in the process. Reese and Sarah escape, steal another car and take refuge in a motel, where they assemble several pipe bombs and plan their next move. Reese admits that he has adored Sarah since he saw her in a photograph that John gave him, and that he travelled through time out of love for her. Reciprocating his feelings, Sarah kisses him and they have sex.The Terminator locates Sarah by intercepting a call intended for her mother. She and Reese escape the motel in a pickup truck while it pursues them on a motorcycle. In the ensuing chase, Reese is badly wounded by gunfire while throwing pipe bombs at the Terminator. Sarah knocks the Terminator off its motorcycle but loses control of the truck, which flips over. The Terminator, now bloodied and badly damaged, hijacks a tank truck and attempts to run down Sarah. Reese manages to insert a pipe bomb into the truck's hose tube, causing it to explode and reduce the Terminator to its endoskeleton. It pursues them into a Cyberdyne-owned factory, where Reese activates machinery to distract it, but it eventually discovers them. Reese then lodges his final pipe bomb into its midsection, blowing it apart, but at the cost of his own life. Its still-functional torso then pursues Sarah, but she manages to lure it into a hydraulic press that she uses to crush it, finally destroying the cyborg.Months later, Sarah, now pregnant with John (revealing Reese to be his father), travels through Mexico, recording audio tapes to pass on to him. At a gas station, a boy takes an instant film photograph of her, the exact one that John will one day give to Reese, and she purchases it. The gas station owner remarks that a storm is coming and she indicates her awareness, alluding to humanity's impending conflict against Skynet, before driving away towards it.
196	Dead Poets Society (1989)	Drama	In 1959, Todd Anderson begins his junior year of high school at Welton Academy, an Episcopalian all-male preparatory boarding school in Vermont.  Todd is assigned one of Welton's top students, junior Neil Perry, as his roommate, and through Neil, he meets his friends: Knox Overstreet, Richard Cameron, Steven Meeks, Gerard Pitts, and Charlie Dalton.On the first day of classes, the boys are taken aback by the unusual teaching methods of their new English teacher, John Keating. A Welton alumnus who studied English Literature at Cambridge, Keating encourages his students to "seize the day", referencing the Latin expression carpe diem.Keating has the students take turns standing on his desk to demonstrate ways to look at life differently, tells them to rip out the introduction of their poetry books that explains a mathematical formula for rating poetry, and invites them to make up their own style of walking in a courtyard to encourage their individualism. Keating's methods attract the attention of strict headmaster Gale Nolan.Upon learning that Keating had been a member of the unofficial Dead Poets Society during his time as a student at Welton, Neil restarts the club, and he and his friends sneak off campus to a cave, where they read poetry. Keating's lessons and their involvement with the club encourage them to live their lives on their own terms. Knox pursues Chris Noel, a cheerleader who is dating Chet Danburry, a football player from a local public school, and whose family is friends with his.Neil discovers his love of acting, and gets the role of Puck in a local production of A Midsummer Night's Dream, despite the disapproval of his controlling father, who wants him to attend Harvard for medical school. Keating helps Todd come out of his shell and realize his potential when he takes him through an exercise in self-expression, resulting in his spontaneously composing a poem in front of the class.Charlie publishes an article in the school newspaper, on behalf of the club, recommending that girls be admitted to Welton. In response, Nolan paddles Charlie, attempting to force him to reveal who else is in the Dead Poets Society; but Charlie remains defiant. Nolan also confronts Keating, advising him that he should discourage his students from questioning authority. Keating admonishes the boys, warning them that one must assess all potential consequences of one's actions.On the eve of the play's opening performance, Neil's father discovers his involvement in the play and demands that he quit immediately. Keating advises Neil to stand his ground to prove to his father that he takes acting seriously. After Neil performs in the play, his father retaliates by withdrawing him from Welton and enrolling him in Braden Military School. Lacking any support from his mother and unable to explain to his father how he feels, Neil commits suicide using his father's gun.At Neil's parents' request, Nolan investigates his death. During the investigation, Cameron shifts blame onto Keating to avoid punishment for his role in the Dead Poets Society, and he names the other members of the group. When Charlie confronts him over this, Cameron urges the other students to let Keating take the fall. Charlie punches Cameron and is expelled. Each of the boys is called to Nolan's office to sign a letter confirming Cameron's false allegations. When Todd's turn comes, he reluctantly signs the letter under his parents' pressure, and Keating is fired as a result.Nolan, who had taught English at Welton prior to becoming headmaster, temporarily takes over Keating's English class. As Keating interrupts the class to gather his belongings, Todd confesses that the boys were pressured into signing the letter that led to his dismissal. Keating assures Todd that he believes him. Nolan threatens to expel Todd and anyone else who speaks out of line. Despite the threat, Todd stands up on his desk and says "O Captain! My Captain!".  The other members of the Dead Poets Society, except for Cameron, along with several other students in the class, follow suit. Touched by their support, Keating proudly thanks the boys and departs.
197	Graduate, The (1967)	Drama, Romance	After earning his bachelor's degree, Benjamin Braddock returns to his parents' home in Pasadena, California. During his graduation party, Mrs. Robinson, the wife of his father's law partner, asks him to drive her home. Once there, she tries to seduce him. He resists her advances, but later invites Mrs. Robinson to the Taft Hotel, where he registers under the surname Gladstone.Benjamin spends the summer idly floating in his parents' swimming pool and meeting Mrs. Robinson at the hotel. During one of their trysts, Mrs. Robinson reveals that she and her husband married after she accidentally became pregnant with their daughter, Elaine. When Benjamin jokingly suggests that he date Elaine, Mrs. Robinson angrily forbids it.Benjamin's parents and Mr. Robinson pester Benjamin to ask Elaine out. He reluctantly takes her out, but attempts to sabotage the date by ignoring her, driving recklessly and taking her to a strip club. She flees in tears, but Benjamin chases after her, apologizes and kisses her. They eat at a drive-in restaurant, where they bond over their shared uncertainty about their future plans. After they visit the Taft Hotel for a late-night drink and the staff greet Benjamin as Mr. Gladstone, Elaine deduces that Benjamin is having an affair. Benjamin admits to having an affair with a married woman whom he does not name. He tells Elaine the affair is over and asks to see her again.To prevent Benjamin from dating Elaine, Mrs. Robinson threatens to tell her about their affair. To thwart this, Benjamin tells Elaine that the married woman is her mother. Elaine throws Benjamin out of the house and returns to school at Berkeley. Benjamin follows her there, hoping to regain her affections. Elaine initially rejects him and briefly dates a medical student, Carl. When she learns her mother lied about Benjamin raping her, she reconciles with him. Benjamin pushes for marriage, but Elaine is uncertain despite her feelings for him. Mr. Robinson arrives at Berkeley and angrily confronts Benjamin. He informs him that he and Mrs. Robinson are getting divorced and threatens to have him jailed if he keeps seeing Elaine. Mr. Robinson forces Elaine to leave college to marry Carl.Benjamin drives to Pasadena and enters the Robinson home searching for Elaine. He finds Mrs. Robinson, who tells him that he cannot prevent Elaine's marriage to Carl. Benjamin flees the house and drives back to Berkeley. There he discovers the wedding is in Santa Barbara that day. He speeds over 300 miles to Santa Barbara, but his car runs out of gas a short distance from the church.Benjamin runs to the church, arriving just as the ceremony is ending. His desperate appearance in the glass church gallery stirs Elaine into defying her mother and fleeing the sanctuary. Benjamin fights off Mr. Robinson and repels the wedding guests by swinging a large cross, which he uses to barricade the church doors, trapping everyone inside. Benjamin and Elaine escape aboard a bus and sit among the startled passengers, with Elaine still in her wedding gown. As the bus drives on, their ecstatic smiles slowly change into ambivalent expressions.
198	Nikita (La Femme Nikita) (1990)	Thriller	Nikita is a nihilistic teenage drug addict and tomboy who commits her life to anarchy, drugs, and violence. One night, she participates in the robbery of a pharmacy owned by a friend's parents. The robbery erupts into a gunfight with local police, and her accomplices are killed. Suffering severe withdrawal symptoms, she murders a police officer. Nikita is arrested, tried, and convicted of murder, and is sentenced to life in prison.In prison, government officials fake her death, making it appear that she has committed suicide, and remove her from prison. She awakens in a nondescript room, where a well-dressed, hard-looking man named Bob tells her that, although officially dead and buried, she is in the custody of a shadowy government agency known as "the Centre" (possibly part of the DGSE). She is given the choice of becoming an assassin or occupying "row 8, plot 30", her fake grave. After some resistance, she chooses the former and gradually proves to be a talented killer. She is taught computer skills, martial arts, and use of firearms. One of her trainers, Amande, transforms her from a degenerate drug addict to a femme fatale. Amande implies that she also was rescued and trained by the Centre.Nikita's initial mission, killing a foreign diplomat in a crowded restaurant and escaping from his well-armed bodyguards to the Centre, doubles as the final test in her training. She graduates and begins life as a sleeper agent in Paris under the name Marie. After meeting a cashier named Marco in a supermarket, the two develop an intimate relationship, although he knows nothing of her real work. Marco is curious about her past and why she has no family or other friends. Nikita invites Bob to dinner as "Uncle Bob". He tells stories about "Marie's" fabricated childhood and gives the couple tickets for a trip to Venice, purportedly as an engagement gift.Nikita and Marco go on the trip. As they prepare to have sex after arrival, the phone rings. She presumes it is the room service they just ordered, but it is instructions for her next job. Her room is perfectly located for her to shoot the target. She goes to the bathroom pretending to take a bath, and as she prepares the rifle, Marco tries to talk to her through the door. The instructions about her target take longer than expected and she cannot answer him. She finally shoots her target but barely conceals the rifle before Marco walks in, against her wishes. Nikita is distraught that her work has caused them difficulties.Still, her career as an assassin goes well until a document-theft mission in an embassy goes awry. Back in Paris, the Centre sends in Victor "The Cleaner", a ruthless operative, to salvage the mission and destroy all the evidence of the foul-up. When another operative is killed by Victor, Nikita is assigned to take his place. They nearly complete the mission before it backfires. Victor takes on a group of guards before being fatally wounded, but drives Nikita to safety before succumbing to his wounds.Marco reveals that he has discovered Nikita's secret life, and, concerned over how her activities are affecting her psychologically, persuades her to disappear. Upon discovering that she has abandoned the Centre, Bob goes to their apartment and meets with Marco. When Bob says that Nikita is at risk because she still has the documents taken from the embassy, Marco hands them over. The two men agree that they will both miss Nikita.
199	Bridge on the River Kwai, The (1957)	Drama, War	In February 1943, a contingent of British prisoners of war, led by Colonel Nicholson, arrive at a Japanese prison camp in Thailand. United States Navy Commander Shears describes the horrific conditions to Nicholson, who forbids any escape attempts because they had been ordered to surrender by their own headquarters.Colonel Saito, the camp commandant, informs the prisoners the camp needs no fences because the surrounding jungle makes escape impossible, and that they will be used as labour to construct a bridge over the River Kwai for the railway connecting Thailand and Burma. Nicholson objects, citing the Geneva Convention exempting officers from manual labour. Saito threatens to have the officers shot, but Major Clipton, the British medical officer, warns him there are too many witnesses. The officers are left standing in the intense heat until evening when Saito confines them to a punishment hut. Nicholson is beaten and locked in an iron box. Shears becomes the only survivor of an escape attempt, and recuperates in British Ceylon after being tended by Thai civilians.British sabotage and deliberately slow work impedes bridge construction, made worse by incompetent Japanese engineering. When Nicholson is released from confinement he's shocked by the poor job his men have done and orders the construction of a proper bridge which he feels will be a lasting tribute to the British Army's superiority. Clipton unsuccessfully argues it is collaboration with the enemy. Even though Saito had given in to his principled stand and excused the British officers from manual labour, Nicholson volunteers them to join in the physical work.Shears' comfortable life in Ceylon is shaken up when Major Warden tries to recruit him for a commando mission to destroy the bridge. Shears reveals he impersonated an officer to get better treatment in the camp, but Warden already knew of his deception, and arranged his attachment to the British military, forcing him to participate. Warden, Shears, Chapman and Joyce parachute into Thailand. Chapman dies on landing, and Warden is wounded in an encounter with a Japanese patrol. Khun Yai, a village chief, and a group of Thai women guide the trio to the river. Under cover of darkness, Shears and Joyce plant explosives at the base of the bridge towers and plan to destroy it and the first train to cross, scheduled for the next morning.Sunrise reveals the river level has dropped, exposing the wire leading to the detonator. Nicholson spots the wire, and he and Saito investigate as the train approaches. Nicholson pulls up the wire on the riverbank, leading them toward Joyce, who is manning the detonator. Joyce breaks cover and stabs Saito to death. Nicholson calls for help and attempts to stop Joyce from reaching the detonator. After Joyce is shot, Shears swims across the river to detonate the explosives, but is fatally wounded. Recognizing Shears, Nicholson exclaims, "What have I done?" Warden fires a mortar, wounding Nicholson. Dazed, Nicholson stumbles towards the detonator and falls on the plunger, blowing up the bridge; the train tumbles into the river. Warden, turning toward the group’s horrified guides, pleads, "I had to do it! They might have been taken alive!". Witnessing the carnage, Clipton exclaims, "Madness! ... Madness!"
200	Shining, The (1980)	Horror	Jack Torrance takes a winter caretaker position at the remote Overlook Hotel in the Colorado Rocky Mountains, which closes every winter season. After his arrival, hotel manager Stuart Ullman informs Jack that a previous caretaker, Charles Grady, killed his wife, two young daughters, and himself in the hotel a decade prior.In Boulder, Jack's son, Danny, has a premonition and seizure. Jack's wife, Wendy, tells the doctor about a past incident when Jack accidentally dislocated Danny's shoulder during a drunken rage. Jack has been sober ever since. Before leaving for the seasonal break, the Overlook's head chef, Dick Hallorann, informs Danny of a telepathic ability the two share, which his grandmother called "shining". Hallorann tells Danny that the hotel also "shines" due to residue from unpleasant past events and warns him to avoid Room 237.A month passes, and Danny starts having frightening visions, including of the murdered Grady twins. Meanwhile, Jack's mental health deteriorates; he suffers from writer's block, is prone to violent outbursts, and has dreams of killing his family. Danny gets lured to room 237 by unseen forces, and Wendy later finds him with signs of physical trauma, for which she blames Jack. Jack sulks in the ballroom, where ghostly bartender Lloyd entices him back to drinking. Wendy tells him that Danny was attacked by a "crazy woman" in room 237. Jack investigates and encounters a hideous female ghost in the bathroom but tells Wendy he saw nothing. He blames Danny for inflicting the bruises on himself and reacts angrily when Wendy suggests leaving the hotel. Danny enters a trance and telepathically contacts Hallorann. Returning to the ballroom, Jack finds it filled with ghostly figures, including waiter Delbert Grady, who urges Jack to "correct" his wife and child.Wendy finds Jack's manuscript written with nothing but countless repetitions of the proverb "all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy". When Jack threatens her life, Wendy knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat and locks him in the kitchen pantry, but she and Danny cannot leave because Jack previously sabotaged the hotel's two-way radio and snowcat. Back in their hotel room, Danny says "redrum" repeatedly and writes the word in lipstick on the bathroom door. Wendy sees the word in the mirror and realizes that it is actually "murder" spelled backward.Jack is freed by Grady and goes after Wendy and Danny with an axe. Danny escapes outside through the bathroom window, and Wendy fights Jack off with a knife when he tries to break through the door. Hallorann, having flown back to Colorado from his Florida winter home, reaches the hotel in another snowcat. His arrival distracts Jack, who ambushes and murders him with the axe in the lobby, then pursues Danny into the hedge maze. Wendy runs through the hotel looking for Danny, encountering the hotel's ghosts, Hallorann's bloody corpse, and a vision of cascading blood from an elevator similar to Danny's premonition. In the hedge maze, Danny carefully backtracks to mislead Jack and hides behind a snowdrift. Jack plunges onward without a trail and becomes lost. Danny and Wendy reunite and leave in Hallorann's snowcat, leaving Jack to freeze to death in the maze.In the film's last shot, a photograph in the hotel hallway pictures Jack standing amidst a crowd of party revelers from July 4, 1921.
201	Evil Dead II (1987)	Action, Adventure, Comedy, Horror	Michigan State University students Ash Williams and his girlfriend, Linda, take a romantic getaway to a seemingly abandoned cabin in the woods. While in it, Ash plays a tape of archaeologist Raymond Knowby, the cabin's previous inhabitant, reciting passages from the "Book of the Dead", Necronomicon Ex-Mortis, which he uncovered during an archaeological dig. The recorded incantation unleashes an unseen evil force, known as the Kandarian Demon, that kills and possesses Linda, turning her into a "deadite". Ash decapitates Linda with a shovel and buries her in a shallow grave near the cabin. As dawn approaches, the evil force throws Ash through the woods. He briefly becomes possessed by the demon, but the sunlight expels it from him.Ash attempts to flee the area but finds that the bridge to the cabin has been destroyed. The entity chases him back to the cabin, where Linda's revived head bites his hand. He runs to the toolshed and destroys the deadite Linda with a chainsaw, but his bitten right hand becomes possessed and tries to kill him. Ash severs it with the chainsaw and tries to shoot it with a shotgun, but the hand mocks him and escapes. Meanwhile, Knowby's daughter Annie and her research partner, Ed Getley, return from the dig with the missing pages of the Necronomicon. Blocked by the destroyed bridge, they enlist handyman Jake and his girlfriend Bobby Joe to lead them to the cabin on foot. There they find an embattled Ash, who accidentally grazes Bobby Joe while trying to shoot his possessed hand. Assuming that he murdered Annie's parents, the newcomers lock him in the cellar.The four new arrivals listen to the rest of the tape recording, where Knowby explains that he killed his wife Henrietta after she was possessed by the Kandarian Demon, then buried her in the cellar. The deadite Henrietta bursts from her grave and possesses Ed, whom Ash, now freed from the cellar, dismembers with an axe. Bobby Joe flees through the woods when Ash's severed hand latches onto hers, but demonically possessed trees drag her to her death. Annie translates two of the Necronomicon's pages, which portray a fabled hero with a blade for a hand and detail a ritual that will make the evil take physical form and then open a portal through which it may be banished. Before they can perform the ritual, Jake turns on them and throws the pages into the cellar, forcing them at gunpoint to locate Bobby Joe. In the woods, Ash becomes possessed once more and attacks Jake. Annie retreats to the cabin and accidentally stabs Jake with a Kandarian dagger, mistaking him for the possessed Ash, before Henrietta kills him. Deadite Ash tries to kill Annie, but returns to his normal self upon seeing Linda's necklace.With Annie's help, Ash modifies the chainsaw, attaches it to the stump of his right arm, and cuts the shotgun's barrel. After finding the missing pages of the Necronomicon in the cellar, Ash kills Henrietta. Annie starts reciting the incantation, which makes the demon physically manifest and attack Ash. As she attempts to finish the incantation, Ash's severed hand stabs her in the back. Annie completes the ritual with her dying breath, opening up a whirling temporal vortex which sucks in not only the demon, but also Ash and his Oldsmobile Delta 88.Ash and his Oldsmobile land in the Middle Ages. A group of knights confront him and initially mistake him for a deadite, but when a real harpy-like deadite appears and Ash blasts it with his shotgun, they hail him as their champion. Realizing that he is the hero prophesied in the book, Ash breaks down and screams in dismay.
202	Groundhog Day (1993)	Comedy, Romance	On February 1, cynical television weatherman Phil Connors reassures his Pittsburgh viewers that an approaching blizzard will miss Western Pennsylvania. Alongside his new producer Rita Hanson and cameraman Larry, Phil travels to Punxsutawney for his annual coverage of the Groundhog Day festivities. He makes no secret of his contempt for the assignment, the small town, and the "hicks" who live there, asserting that he will soon be leaving his station for a new job.On February 2, Phil awakens in the Cherry Street Inn to Sonny & Cher's "I Got You Babe" playing on the clock radio. He gives a half-hearted report on the groundhog Punxsutawney Phil and the festivities. Contrary to his prediction, the blizzard strikes the area, preventing all travel out of Punxsutawney, and although he desperately searches for a way to leave, he is forced to spend the night in the town.The next morning, Phil wakes once more to "I Got You Babe" and the same DJ banter on the radio in his room at the Cherry Street Inn. Phil experiences the previous day's events repeating exactly and believes he is experiencing déjà vu. He again unsuccessfully attempts to leave the town and retires to bed. When he awakes, it is again February 2. Phil gradually realizes that he is trapped in a time loop of which no one else is aware. He confides his situation to Rita, who directs him to a neurologist, who in turn directs him to a psychologist; neither can explain his experiences. Phil gets drunk with locals Gus and Ralph and then leads police on a high-speed car chase before being arrested and imprisoned; the next morning, Phil awakens in the Cherry Street Inn once again.Realizing that there are no consequences for his actions, Phil begins to spend loops indulging in binge eating, one-night stands, robbery, and other dangerous activities, using his increasing knowledge of the day's events and the town's residents to manipulate circumstances to his advantage. Eventually, he focuses on seducing the sweet-natured Rita, using the loops to learn more about and manipulate her. No matter what steps he takes, Rita rebuffs his advances, particularly when Phil tells her he loves her; Rita asserts that he does not even know her.Phil gradually becomes depressed and desperate for a way to escape the loop. He commits suicide in a variety of ways, even kidnapping Punxsutawney Phil and driving them both off a cliff. Each time, he reawakens on February 2 to "I Got You Babe". He eventually tries to explain his situation to Rita again, using his detailed knowledge of the day to accurately predict events. Convinced, Rita spends the rest of that day's loop with Phil; she encourages him to think of the loops as a blessing instead of a curse. As they lie on the bed together at night, Phil realizes that his feelings for Rita have become sincere. He wakes alone on February 2. Phil decides to use his knowledge of the loop to change himself and others: he saves people from deadly accidents and misfortunes and learns to play the piano, sculpt ice, and speak French. Regardless of his positive actions, however, he is haunted by his inability to prevent a homeless old man from dying of natural causes.During one iteration of the loop, Phil reports on the Groundhog Day festivities with such eloquence that other news crews stop working to listen to his speech, amazing Rita. Phil continues his day helping the people of Punxsutawney. That night, Rita witnesses Phil's expert piano-playing as the adoring townsfolk regale her with stories of his good deeds earlier that day. Impressed by his apparent overnight transformation, Rita successfully bids for him at a charity bachelor auction. Phil carves an ice sculpture in Rita's image and tells her that no matter what happens, even if he is trapped in the loop forever, he is finally happy because he loves her. They share a kiss and retire to Phil's room.Phil wakes the next morning to "I Got You Babe", but finds Rita is still in bed with him and the radio banter has changed; it is now February 3. He tells Rita he wants to live in Punxsutawney with her.
203	Unforgiven (1992)	Western	In 1880, in Big Whiskey, Wyoming, a cowboy named Quick Mike slashes prostitute Delilah Fitzgerald's face with a knife, permanently disfiguring her after she laughs at his small penis. As punishment, Sheriff "Little Bill" Daggett orders Mike and his associate who was with him at the brothel, Davey Bunting, to turn over several of their ponies to Delilah's employer, Skinny DuBois, for his loss of revenue. Outraged, the prostitutes offer a $1,000 bounty for the cowboys' deaths.In Hodgeman County, Kansas, a boastful young man visits Will Munny's hog farm. He calls himself the "Schofield Kid" and claims to be an experienced bounty hunter looking for help pursuing the cowboys. Formerly a notorious outlaw and murderer, Will is now a repentant widower raising two children. After initially refusing to help, Will realizes that his farm is failing and his children's future is in jeopardy. He recruits his friend Ned Logan, another retired outlaw, and they catch up with the Kid, whom they discover is severely near-sighted.Back in Big Whiskey, British-born gunfighter "English" Bob, an old acquaintance and rival of Little Bill's, seeks the bounty. He arrives in town with his biographer W. W. Beauchamp, who naively believes Bob's tall tales. Enforcing the town's antigun law, Little Bill, with his deputies, disarms Bob and beats him savagely to discourage others from attempting to claim the bounty. Bob, humiliated, is banished from town the next morning, but Beauchamp stays out of a fascination with the sheriff, who debunks many of the romantic notions Beauchamp has about the Wild West. Little Bill explains to Beauchamp that the best attribute for a gunslinger is to be cool-headed under fire rather than to have the quickest draw, and to always kill the best shooter first.Will, Ned, and the Kid arrive in town during a rainstorm and enter Skinny's saloon. While Ned and the Kid meet with the prostitutes upstairs, Little Bill confronts a feverish Will. Not realizing Will's identity, but correctly guessing that he wants the bounty, Bill confiscates his pistol and beats him. Ned and the Kid escape through a back window and take Will to an unoccupied barn outside of town, where they and the prostitutes nurse him back to health. A few days later, the trio ambush Davey. After missing Davey and shooting his horse, Ned falters and Will shoots Davey instead. Ned decides to quit and return to Kansas.Ned is later captured and flogged to death by Little Bill to learn the whereabouts of Will and the Kid. Will takes the Kid with him to the cowboys' ranch, directing him to ambush Quick Mike in the outhouse and shoot him. After they escape, a distraught Kid drunkenly confesses he had never killed anyone before and is overcome with remorse. A prostitute arrives with the reward and tells them about Ned's fate. Shocked by the news, Will begins drinking and demands the Kid's revolver. The Kid hands it over, saying that he no longer wants to be a killer, and Will sends him back to Kansas to distribute the reward.That night, Will finds Ned's corpse displayed in a coffin outside Skinny's saloon. Inside, Little Bill and his deputies are organizing a posse. Will walks in alone, brandishing a shotgun, and kills Skinny for displaying Ned's corpse. He then aims at Little Bill, but the shotgun misfires. In the ensuing gunfight, Will shoots Little Bill and several other members of the posse with the revolver. He then orders the rest of the men out. Beauchamp lingers briefly to ask how Will survived. Will replies that it was luck and scares him away. Little Bill tries and fails to take another shot at Will while lying on the floor, then bemoans his fate and curses Will, who shoots him dead. Will shouts threats as he mounts his horse and rides out of town.A closing title card states that Will's mother-in-law found his farm abandoned years later, Will having possibly moved to San Francisco with the children. She remained at a loss to understand why her daughter married such a notorious outlaw and murderer.
204	Back to the Future (1985)	Comedy, Sci-Fi	In 1985, teenager Marty McFly lives in Hill Valley, California, with his depressed alcoholic mother, Lorraine; his older siblings, who are professional and social failures; and his meek father, George, who is bullied by his supervisor, Biff Tannen. After Marty's band fails a music audition, he confides in his girlfriend, Jennifer Parker, that he fears becoming like his parents despite his ambitions.That night, Marty meets his eccentric scientist friend, Emmett "Doc" Brown, in the Twin Pines mall parking lot. Doc unveils a time machine built from a modified DeLorean, powered by plutonium he swindled from Libyan terrorists. After Doc inputs a destination time of November 5, 1955 (the day he first conceived his time travel invention), the terrorists arrive unexpectedly and gun him down. Marty flees in the DeLorean, inadvertently activating time travel when he reaches 88 miles per hour (142 kilometers per hour).Arriving in 1955, Marty discovers he has no plutonium, so he cannot return to 1985. While exploring a burgeoning Hill Valley, Marty encounters his teenage father and discovers Biff was bullying George even then. George falls into the path of an oncoming car while spying on the teenage Lorraine changing clothes, and Marty is knocked unconscious while saving him. He wakes to find himself tended to by Lorraine, who becomes infatuated with him. Marty tracks down and convinces a younger Doc that he is from the future, but Doc explains the only source available in 1955 capable of generating the 1.21 gigawatts of power required for time travel is a lightning bolt. Marty shows Doc a flyer from the future that documents an upcoming lightning strike at the town's courthouse. As Marty's siblings begin to fade from a photo he carries with him, Doc realizes Marty's actions are altering the future and jeopardizing his existence: Lorraine was supposed to tend to George instead of Marty after the car accident. Early attempts to get his parents acquainted fail, and Lorraine's infatuation with Marty deepens.Lorraine asks Marty to the school dance, and he plots to feign inappropriate advances on her, allowing George to intervene and rescue her, but the plan goes awry when Biff's gang locks Marty in the trunk of the performing band's car, while Biff forces himself onto Lorraine. George arrives expecting to find Marty but is assaulted by Biff. After Biff hurts Lorraine, an enraged George knocks him unconscious and escorts the grateful Lorraine to the dance. The band frees Marty from their car, but the lead guitarist injures his hand in the process, so Marty takes his place, performing while George and Lorraine share their first kiss. With his future no longer in jeopardy, Marty hurries to the courthouse to meet Doc.Doc discovers a letter from Marty warning him about his future and rips it up, worried about the consequences. To save Doc, Marty recalibrates the DeLorean to return ten minutes before he had left the future. The lightning strikes, sending Marty back to 1985, but the DeLorean breaks down, forcing Marty to run back to the mall. He arrives as Doc is being shot. While Marty grieves at his side, Doc sits up, revealing he had pieced Marty's note back together and is wearing a bulletproof vest. He takes Marty home and departs to 2015 in the DeLorean. Marty wakes the next morning to discover his father is now a confident and successful science fiction author, his mother is fit and happy, his siblings are successful, and Biff is a servile valet in George's employ. As Marty reunites with Jennifer, Doc suddenly reappears in the DeLorean, insisting they return with him to the future to save their children from terrible fates.
205	Patton (1970)	Drama, War	During World War II, in its first combat encounter with the German Afrika Korps at the Battle of Kasserine Pass, the II Corps is defeated by Field Marshal Erwin Rommel. General George S. Patton assumes command of II Corps and institutes a harsh regime of discipline, while complaining the senior British field commander, General Bernard Montgomery, is monopolising the allied effort to suit his own needs. Patton's command redeems itself at the Battle of El Guettar.Following Allied victory in North Africa, Patton and Montgomery offer competing plans for the Allied invasion of Sicily. Patton suggests British landings at Syracuse due to its historical importance, with US forces landing at Palermo and capturing Messina to prevent Axis withdrawal. General Harold Alexander opts for Montgomery's more cautious plan of landing Patton's 7th US Army at the  Gulf of Gela and Montgomery on eastern Sicily. The British and Canadians bog down, and Patton's army, expected only to provide flank support, instead drives northwest to take Palermo. Intent on capturing Messina before the British, he pushes subordinates Omar Bradley and Lucian Truscott to make risky amphibious landings heedless of the cost. During a visit to a field hospital, Patton accused a crying soldier of cowardice and slaps him. He enters Messina as a conquering hero, but receives notice that he must apologize publicly for the slapping incident.Despite apologizing, he is sidelined for the coming Allied invasion of France and instead placed in command of the fictitious First United States Army Group as a decoy in London, the Allied command confident in that keeping Patton in England will tell the Germans that he will lead the invasion of Europe. To a public gathering in the town of Knutsford, Patton remarks that the post-war world will be dominated by the British-American spheres of influence; this comment is viewed as a slight to the Soviet Union. Despite Patton's protest that he has done nothing wrong, the situation has spiraled from his control, and the decision to send him home or remain in England is placed on General George Marshall. Though not present for the Normandy invasion, Patton is given command of the Third Army reporting to General Bradley, his former subordinate. Under his leadership, the Third Army sweeps across France, but it is brought to a halt just before entering Germany, because gasoline and other vital supplies have been instead allocated to Montgomery's Operation Market Garden. Frustrated at being sidelined to appease Montgomery, Patton demands to know why he was given a command if he cannot advance. Bradley retorts that it was actually Eisenhower's decision to place Patton in Europe, not his.During the Battle of the Bulge, Patton devises a plan to relieve the trapped 101st Airborne Division in Bastogne, which he does before smashing through the Siegfried Line and into Germany. After Germany capitulates, Patton's outspokenness lands him in trouble when he compares American politics to Nazism. Though he is relieved of command, he is kept on to see the rebuilding of Germany. He later walks Willie, his bull terrier, narrowly escaping death from a runaway cart (foreshadowing his death in a road accident some months later). Patton's voice is heard:For over a thousand years, Roman conquerors returning from the wars enjoyed the honor of a triumph—a tumultuous parade. In the procession came trumpeters and musicians and strange animals from the conquered territories, together with carts laden with treasure and captured armaments. The conqueror rode in a triumphal chariot, the dazed prisoners walking in chains before him. Sometimes his children, robed in white, stood with him in the chariot, or rode the trace horses. A slave stood behind the conqueror, holding a golden crown, and whispering in his ear a warning: that all glory ... is fleeting.
206	Akira (1988)	Adventure, Animation, Sci-Fi, Thriller	In 2019, following a world war triggered by the sudden destruction of Tokyo on July 16, 1988, Neo-Tokyo is plagued by corruption, anti-government protests, terrorism, and gang violence. During a violent rally, the hot-headed Shōtarō Kaneda leads his vigilante bōsōzoku gang, the Capsules, against the rival Clown gang. Kaneda's best friend, Tetsuo Shima, inadvertently crashes his motorcycle into Takashi, an esper who escaped from a government laboratory with the aid of a resistance organization. Assisted by fellow esper Masaru, Japan Self-Defense Forces Colonel Shikishima recaptures Takashi, has Tetsuo hospitalized, and arrests the Capsules. While being interrogated by the police, Kaneda meets Kei, an activist within the resistance movement, and tricks the authorities into releasing her with his gang.At a secret government facility, Shikishima and his head of research, Doctor Ōnishi, discover that Tetsuo possesses powerful psychic abilities similar to Akira, the esper responsible for Tokyo's 1988 destruction. Esper Kiyoko forewarns Shikishima of Neo-Tokyo's impending destruction, but the city's parliament dismisses Shikishima's concerns, leading him to consider killing Tetsuo to prevent another cataclysm. Meanwhile, Tetsuo escapes from the hospital, steals Kaneda's motorcycle, and tries to flee Neo-Tokyo with his girlfriend Kaori, but the Clowns ambush them. The Capsules rescue Tetsuo and Kaori, but Tetsuo suffers intense headaches and hallucinations and is re-hospitalized.Overhearing their plan to rescue Tetsuo and the other espers, Kaneda joins Kei's resistance cell. At the hospital, the espers try killing Tetsuo via hallucinations, but the attempt is thwarted. A frustrated Tetsuo searches for them, killing any orderlies and militiamen blocking his path. The resistance group infiltrates the hospital, and Kiyoko draws Kei and Kaneda into Shikishima's and the espers' futile attempts to stop Tetsuo. Kiyoko tells Tetsuo that Akira, located in cryonic storage beneath the Olympic Stadium's construction site, could help Tetsuo with his powers. After betraying everyone around him, especially Kaneda, Tetsuo flees the hospital to hunt for Akira.Using Kei as a medium to stop Tetsuo, Kiyoko breaks her and Kaneda out of military custody. Shikishima stages a coup d'état against Neo-Tokyo's government and directs its military forces to destroy Tetsuo at any cost. At the Capsules' former hangout, Harukiya Bar, Tetsuo confronts gangmates Yamagata and Kai over Kaneda's bike and kills Yamagata after his protest. Kai relays the news to Kaneda, who vows to avenge his friend, while Takashi brings Kei away. Mistaken for Akira by cultists, Tetsuo rampages through Neo-Tokyo, arriving at Akira's cryogenic storage dewar under the stadium. Kei fights Tetsuo, but he defeats her and exhumes Akira, only to find his remains sealed in jars for scientific research.Kaneda fights Tetsuo with a laser rifle, and Shikishima fires an orbital weapon at him. While the latter destroys his arm, neither can stop him. Shikishima and Kaori approach the stadium, where Tetsuo, now with a robotic arm, is in great pain and losing control over his powers. Kaori tries restraining Tetsuo while Shikishima unsuccessfully offers to heal his injuries and help control his abilities. Kaneda again fights Tetsuo, who, weakened from the missing arm, mutates into a gigantic mass of flesh, consuming the stadium, Kaneda, and Kaori, who is killed. The espers revive Akira to stop the growing mass. Reuniting with his friends, Akira creates a singularity, drawing Tetsuo and Kaneda into another dimension. The espers teleport Shikishima to a safe distance as the singularity destroys Neo-Tokyo in a mirror of Tokyo's previous destruction, and they agree to rescue Kaneda, knowing they will not return to this dimension as a result.In the singularity, Kaneda experiences Tetsuo's and the espers' childhoods, including his and Tetsuo's friendship and the espers' psychic training before Tokyo's destruction. The espers return Kaneda to Neo-Tokyo, informing him that Akira will take Tetsuo to safety and that Kei is developing psychic powers. Ōnishi witnesses the birth of a universe but is killed in his lab's destruction. After consuming most of Neo-Tokyo, the singularity disappears, and water floods the crater left in its place. Mourning Tetsuo's loss, Kaneda discovers that Kei and Kai have survived, and they ride off into the ruins while Shikishima watches the sunrise. At an unspecified plane of reality, Tetsuo introduces himself and triggers the creation of a universe, finally transcending the limitations of human existence.
207	Cyrano de Bergerac (1990)	Action, Drama, Romance	In 1640, the Gascon poet and swashbuckler Cyrano de Bergerac is self-conscious about his enormous nose, but pretends to be proud of it. He is admired and respected by many people for his bravery and good swordsmanship. He madly loves his cousin, the beautiful Roxane; however, he is sure that she will reject him because of his appearance. To elevate himself in her eyes, he interferes with a play being staged at the Hôtel du Bourgogne, in Paris, and wins a duel with a marquis.In the second act of the play and film, Cyrano meets with Roxane at her request. He is crushed when Roxane tells him she is infatuated with Christian de Neuvillette, a handsome and dashing new recruit to the Cadets de Gascogne (the military unit in which Cyrano is serving). However, Cyrano learns that Christian is tongue-tied when speaking with women. Seeing an opportunity to vicariously declare his love to Roxane, Cyrano approaches Christian with a proposal: Cyrano will write the love letters, and Christian will woo Roxane with them. Christian agrees.Cyrano aids Christian, writing heartfelt love letters and poems. Roxane begins to appreciate Christian, not only for his good looks but also his apparent eloquence. She eventually falls in love with him. But the Comte de Guiche, an arrogant and exceptionally powerful older nobleman, also has designs on Roxane. Roxane and Cyrano thwart De Guiche's attempt to visit Roxane by arranging a quick secret marriage between Roxane and Christian. In revenge, De Guiche orders his company of cadets—including Cyrano and Christian—to report immediately for military duty in the Siege of Arras against the Spanish.The siege is harsh and brutal: the Cadets de Gascogne are starving. Christian does not know that Cyrano escapes over enemy lines twice each day to deliver a love letter written by Cyrano himself but signed with Christian's name, sent to Roxane. These letters draw Roxane out from the city of Paris to the war front to bring food to the troops. Although she has come to visit Christian, she admits to him that she has fallen in love with the author's soul, and would love the author even if he were ugly. Christian tries to find out whether Roxane loves him or Cyrano, and asks Cyrano to find out. However, during the subsequent battle, Christian is mortally wounded. The scene ends with the French returning to the battle.In the final scene of the play and film, in 1654, Roxane has entered a convent and retired from the world. Cyrano has made many enemies with his writings; he is still free, but now poor. During this time, Cyrano has faithfully visited Roxane every week, never declaring his love. On this day, his enemies attack and mortally injure him. Cyrano nevertheless visits Roxane at the convent. When she mentions Christian's last letter, sensing his own mortality, Cyrano asks if he can read it. Roxane gives him the letter, which he reads movingly. Just before Cyrano dies, Roxane realizes that she has loved him all along.
208	Young Frankenstein (1974)	Comedy, Horror	Early in the 20th century, Frederick Frankenstein, a lecturing physician at an American medical school, is actively distancing himself from his grandfather Victor Frankenstein, the infamous mad scientist, pronouncing his surname as "Fronkensteen". When Frederick inherits the family castle in Transylvania, he travels to Europe to inspect the property. At the Transylvania train station, Frederick is met by a hunchbacked, bug-eyed servant named Igor, whose own grandfather worked for Victor and who states his name is pronounced "Eye-gore". A  woman named Inga also greets him. Arriving at the estate, Frederick meets Frau Blücher, the dour, intimidating housekeeper. After discovering the secret entrance to Victor's laboratory and reading his private journals, Frederick resumes his grandfather's experiments in reanimating the dead.Frederick and Igor steal a recently executed criminal's corpse. He sends Igor to steal the brain of a deceased "scientist and saint" named Hans Delbrück. Igor accidentally destroys Delbrück's brain and takes one labeled "Abnormal" instead. Frederick unknowingly transplants it into the corpse and brings the Monster to life. Frightened by Igor lighting a match, the Monster attacks Frederick and nearly strangles him before being sedated.Unaware the Monster exists, the townspeople gather to discuss their unease at Frederick continuing his grandfather's work. Inspector Kemp, a one-eyed police inspector with a prosthetic arm and a heavy German accent, visits the doctor's and demands assurance that Frederick would not create another monster. Returning to the lab, Frederick discovers Blücher releasing the creature. She reveals the Monster's love of violin music, her own romantic relationship with Frederick's grandfather, and her planning out the events that inspired Frederick to create a monster as Victor did. The Monster becomes enraged by electrical sparks from a thrown switch and escapes the castle. While roaming the countryside, the Monster interacts with a young girl and a blind, hermetic monk. Frederick recaptures the Monster and locks himself in a room with him. He calms the Monster's homicidal tendencies with flattery and a promise to guide him to success, embracing his heritage as a Frankenstein.At a theater filled with prominent guests, Frederick shows "The Creature" following simple commands, then performs "Puttin' On the Ritz" with him. During the performance, a stage light explodes and frightens the Monster, who becomes enraged at the booing crowd, and charges at them when they throw rotten vegetables. He is captured and chained by police. Back in the laboratory, Inga attempts to comfort Frederick; they sleep together on the suspended reanimation table.The Monster escapes from prison the same night Elizabeth, Frederick's socialite fiancée, arrives unexpectedly. The Monster takes her captive, but she falls in love with him as he makes love to her. While the townspeople hunt the Monster, Frederick plays the violin and Igor plays the horn to lure his creation back to the castle and recaptures him. Just as the Kemp-led mob storms the laboratory, Frederick transfers some of his stabilizing intellect to the Monster, who reasons with and placates the mob. Kemp gives the Monster a warm reception.Sometime later, Frederick and Inga are wed and Elizabeth marries the now-sophisticated Monster. While in bed with Frederick, Inga asks what he got in return during the transfer procedure. Frederick growls wordlessly like the monster and embraces Inga while Igor plays the horn on the roof.
209	This Is Spinal Tap (1984)	Comedy, Drama, Musical	Filmmaker Martin "Marty" Di Bergi is filming a documentary about English rock band Spinal Tap's 1982 United States concert tour to promote their new album, Smell the Glove. The band comprises childhood friends David St. Hubbins and Nigel Tufnel on vocals and guitar along with bassist Derek Smalls, keyboardist Viv Savage, and drummer Mick Shrimpton.The documentary shows Spinal Tap's early days as the skiffle group The Originals; they renamed themselves the New Originals when it was discovered another band was already called The Originals, only to change it back when the original Originals broke up. They later had a hit as the Thamesmen, "Gimme Some Money," before changing their name to Spinal Tap and achieving a significant hit with the flower power anthem "Listen to the Flower People"; they subsequently began performing heavy metal music. Several of the band's previous drummers died under strange circumstances: John "Stumpy" Pepys died in a "bizarre gardening accident" that police said was better left unsolved, Eric "Stumpy Joe" Childs died choking on someone else's vomit, and Peter "James" Bond exploded on stage. Nigel shows Marty his extensive guitar collection (including one that is so valuable it cannot even be looked at or even pointed at, much less played), as well as a custom-made amplifier that has volume knobs that go up to eleven; Nigel believes this makes the amplifier "one louder" than most other amplifiers, which have "ten" as the highest volume setting.Tensions rise between the band and their manager, Ian Faith, as several shows are canceled due to low ticket sales, and major retailers refuse to sell Smell the Glove because of its sexist cover art. David's girlfriend Jeanine, a yoga and astrology devotee, joins the group on tour and participates in band meetings. Nigel and Ian dislike Jeanine's ideas for Spinal Tap's costumes and stage presentation. Without consulting Spinal Tap, the band's record label releases Smell the Glove with an entirely black album cover. Despite Ian's assertion that it could have a similar appeal to the Beatles' White Album, Smell the Glove fails to sell.Nigel suggests staging a lavish, Druid-themed glam rock show and asks Ian to order a Stonehenge trilithon. However, Nigel mislabels its dimensions, and the resulting prop is only 18 inches (46 cm) high rather than 18 feet (5.5 m), making the group a laughing stock. The group blames Ian, and when David suggests Jeanine should co-manage the group, Ian quits. The tour continues, rescheduled for much smaller venues, and Jeanine and David increasingly marginalize Nigel. At a gig at a United States Air Force base, Nigel is upset by an equipment malfunction and quits mid-performance. At their next gig, in an amphitheater at an amusement park where the band is billed below a puppet show, the band finds their repertoire is severely limited without Nigel. At Derek's suggestion, the band improvises an experimental "Jazz Odyssey", which is poorly received.On the last day of the tour, David and Derek consider ending Spinal Tap and exploring other projects, such as a musical about Jack the Ripper called Saucy Jack. Before they go on stage, Nigel arrives and tells them that Spinal Tap's song "Sex Farm" has become a major hit in Japan and that Ian wants to arrange a tour there. David bitterly refuses, but later, as Nigel watches the band performing from the wings, David relents and invites Nigel to join the band onstage, delighting the crowd but infuriating Jeanine. During the performance, Mick explodes on stage. Ian is rehired as the group's manager, and Spinal Tap (now with Joe "Mama" Besser as their drummer) performs a series of sold-out shows in Japan.
210	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade (1989)	Action, Adventure	In 1912, Boy Scout Henry "Indiana" Jones, Jr. lives with his father Henry Jones, Sr. in Moab, Utah. One day, while undergoing a cave exploration, Indiana takes a crucifix owned by Coronado from a group of graverobbers, and after a brief horse chase, flees to his home, where the graverobbers find him and retrieve the crucifix. The graverobbers' leader Garth admits his respect towards Indiana and gives him his fedora before leaving.In 1938, Indiana successfully takes back the crucifix from the  graverobbers' employer off the Portuguese coast. After returning to the United States, Indiana learns Henry has disappeared while searching for the Holy Grail. Walter Donovan, his father's financial backer, tasks Indiana with finding both Henry and the Grail. Indiana receives a package containing Henry's diary, which includes his research on the Grail, and travels to Venice alongside Marcus Brody to meet Henry's associate Elsa Schneider. Beneath the library where Henry was last seen, Indiana and Elsa discover a catacomb containing an inscribed shield which reveals that the path to the Grail begins in Alexandretta. The two are subsequently attacked by a mysterious group who reveal themselves to be the secret Brotherhood of the Cruciform Sword, dedicated to protecting the Grail. After sparing the life of the group's leader Kazim, Indiana learns that Henry is being held at a castle in Austria. Indiana entrusts Marcus with a map from the diary detailing a route to the Grail and sends him to Alexandretta to rendezvous with their friend Sallah. Discovering their rooms have been ransacked, Indiana reveals the diary's existence to Elsa before they sleep together.In Austria, Indiana and Elsa infiltrate the castle, discovering it to be under Nazi control. Indiana finds Henry and tries to escape, but surrenders after Elsa is held captive by the Nazis. She reveals herself to be a Nazi collaborator and takes the diary, and Indiana and Henry are tied up and learn that Donovan is also working with the Nazis. After arriving in Alexandretta, Marcus is captured by the Nazis as well. Elsa returns to Germany, while the Joneses escape the castle before traveling to Berlin to retrieve the diary. After recovering it from Elsa, the Joneses flee on a Zeppelin before evading two Luftwaffe planes pursuing them.Once the Joneses arrive in Hatay, Sallah informs them that the Nazis have also traveled there using the map. While they are following the trail, the Nazis are attacked by the Brotherhood but defeat them. Henry takes advantage of the distraction to try to rescue Marcus but is captured; Indiana attacks the Nazi convoy in response and is eventually able to destroy it with help from Henry and Marcus. The Joneses, Marcus and Sallah proceed to a temple containing the Grail, where they observe the Nazis attempting to overcome the temple's traps before being captured. Donovan forces Indiana to find safe passage for them by mortally wounding Henry; a drink from the Grail can heal him. With the help of the diary, Indiana overcomes the traps and finds a room with many cups and an ancient knight, who explains that only one cup is the true Grail. Donovan and Elsa enter the room, and Elsa deliberately gives him the wrong cup, killing Donovan after he drinks from it. Indiana identifies the true Grail and rescues Henry. Elsa falls to her death when her attempt to leave with the Grail causes the temple to collapse, and Indiana nearly suffers the same fate before Henry saves him. The Grail falls into an abyss as the Joneses, Marcus and Sallah escape and ride off into the sunset.
211	M*A*S*H (1970)	Comedy, War	Jiřice u Moravských Budějovic is a municipality and village in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 50 inhabitants. Jiřice u Moravských Budějovic lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Znojmo, 56 km (35 mi) south-west of Brno, and 163 km (101 mi) south-east of Prague.
212	Unbearable Lightness of Being, The (1988)	Drama	Tomas, a successful brain surgeon in communist Czechoslovakia, is pursuing an affair with equally carefree Sabina, an artist in Prague. Tomas takes a trip to a spa town to conduct a specialized surgery. There he encounters dissatisfied waitress Tereza, who desires intellectual stimulation. She later tracks him down in Prague and moves in with him, complicating Tomas's affairs.Tomas asks Sabina to help Tereza find work as a photographer. Tereza is both fascinated and jealous when she grasps that Sabina and Tomas are lovers, but nevertheless still develops an affectionate friendship with Sabina. Tomas marries Tereza in a simple ceremony, with both perpetually laughing. She continues to be distressed by Tomas's promiscuity, and though she considers leaving him, she becomes more attached when the Soviet Army invades Czechoslovakia. Amid the confusion, Tereza photographs demonstrations against the Soviet forces, then hands the rolls of film to foreigners to smuggle to the West. Unwilling to face the stultifying police state that is replacing the Prague Spring, Tomas, Sabina, and Tereza flee Czechoslovakia for Switzerland; Sabina leaves first, later followed by the hesitant Tomas and Tereza.In Geneva, Sabina meets Franz, a married university professor; they begin a love affair. He eventually decides to abandon his wife and family for her. After hearing his plans, Sabina abandons him, feeling he would emotionally weigh her down. Meanwhile, Tereza and Tomas attempt to adapt to Switzerland, but Tereza finds the Swiss inhospitable. When she discovers that Tomas continues to womanize, she leaves him and returns to Czechoslovakia. Upset by her leaving, Tomas follows Tereza to Czechoslovakia, where his passport is confiscated, preventing him from leaving again; his return elates Tereza, and they are reunited.Tomas attempts to resume his practice, but a scathing article he wrote before the invasion, criticizing the Soviet-backed Czechoslovak régime, has rendered him a political dissident. The régime demands his signature to a letter repudiating the article, claiming that Tomas's article fueled anti-communist sentiment. Tomas refuses and is apparently blacklisted from practicing medicine. He finds work as a window washer and continues to womanize, being seduced by the daughter of a high-ranking Party official who appears to recognize him.As a waitress, Tereza meets an engineer who propositions her. Aware of Tomas's infidelities, she engages in a single, passionless sexual liaison with the engineer. Remorseful, she fears the engineer might have been an informant for the StB secret police, who might denounce her and Tomas. She contemplates suicide at a canal bank; by chance, Tomas passes by Tereza and woos her back.Stressed by city life, Tereza urges Tomas to leave Prague. He reminds her of his passport being confiscated. Tereza has an idea and convinces Tomas to move to the countryside; they go to a village where an old patient of Tomas's welcomes them. In the village, they live an idyllic life, far from the political intrigues of Prague. In contrast, Sabina has gone to the US, where she continues her debauched bohemian lifestyle. Later, Sabina is shocked by a letter that informs her that Tereza and Tomas have been in a fatal automobile accident on a country road.The movie ends with Tomas and Tereza driving down a country road in the rain in a farm truck just before their accident, as Tomas peacefully expresses to Tereza how happy he now feels.
213	Room with a View, A (1986)	Drama, Romance	In 1907 a young Englishwoman, Lucy Honeychurch, and her cousin and chaperone, Charlotte Bartlett, stay at the Pensione Bertolini while on holiday in Florence. They are disappointed that their rooms lack a view of the River Arno as promised. At dinner they meet other English guests: the Reverend Mr. Beebe; two elderly spinster sisters, the Misses Alan; romance author Eleanor Lavish; the freethinking Mr. Emerson; and his quiet, handsome son George.Learning about Charlotte and Lucy's disappointment at not having a view of the river, Mr. Emerson and George offer to exchange rooms, though Charlotte considers the suggestion indelicate. Mr. Beebe mediates and the switch is made. While touring the Piazza della Signoria the next day, Lucy witnesses a local man being brutally stabbed and killed. She faints but George Emerson appears and comes to her aid. When Lucy has recovered, the two have a brief but unchaperoned discussion before returning to the pensione.Later Charlotte, Lucy and the Emersons join other British tourists for a day trip to the Fiesole countryside. The carriage driver canoodles with his girlfriend, sitting beside him, which upsets Reverend Eager, who insists the girlfriend get off the carriage in the middle of the countryside. Wishing to engage in gossip unsuitable for Lucy, Charlotte and Miss Lavish encourage her to go for a walk; Lucy goes looking for Mr. Beebe. The Italian driver, possibly misunderstanding Lucy's awkward Italian or possibly mischievously playing Cupid, instead leads her to where George Emerson is admiring the view from a hillside. Seeing Lucy across a poppy field, he suddenly embraces and passionately kisses her. Charlotte appears and intervenes. Worried that Lucy's mother will consider her an inadequate chaperone, Charlotte swears Lucy to secrecy and cuts their trip short.Upon returning to Surrey in England, Lucy says nothing to her mother about the incident and pretends to forget it. She is soon engaged to Cecil Vyse, a wealthy and socially prominent man who is cold, snobbish, and pretentious. Cecil loves Lucy, but he and his mother consider the Honeychurch family their social inferiors, which offends Mrs. Honeychurch. Lucy soon learns that Mr. Emerson is moving into Sir Harry Otway's rental cottage, with George visiting at weekends. Lucy intended the two Misses Alan to live there and is cross with Cecil on learning that through a chance meeting with the Emersons in London, Cecil recommended the cottage to them. He proclaims his motive was to annoy Sir Harry, whom Cecil considers a snob; he assumes Harry will find the Emersons “too common".George's presence upends Lucy's life, and her suppressed feelings for him surface. Cecil, her fiancé, asks her permission to kiss her, then does so awkwardly. Lucy’s non sequitur comment that the people she met in Italy were “extraordinary” invites a comparison to the impromptu passionate kiss she received from George. Meanwhile, Lucy's brother, Freddy, becomes friends with George. Freddy invites George to play tennis at Windy Corner, the Honeychurch home, during which Cecil reads Miss Lavish's latest novel set in Italy. As Cecil mockingly reads aloud to Lucy and George, they recognize a scene as being identical to their encounter in the poppy field in Fiesole. Cecil, still reading, is oblivious when George passionately kisses Lucy in the garden. She confronts Charlotte, who admits to telling Miss Lavish about the kiss in the poppy field, which was then used in her story. Lucy orders George to leave Windy Corner and never return. He says that Cecil sees her only as a possession and will never love her for herself, as he would. Lucy seems unmoved, but soon after ends her engagement to Cecil, saying they are incompatible. To escape the ensuing fallout, Lucy arranges to travel to Greece with the Misses Alan. George, unable to be around Lucy, arranges for his father to move to London, unaware that Lucy is no longer engaged. When Lucy calls at Mr. Beebe's home to fetch Charlotte, she is confronted by Mr. Emerson, who happens to be there. She finally realizes and admits her true feelings for George. At the end, newlyweds George and Lucy honeymoon at the Italian pensione where they met, in the room with a view, overlooking Florence's Duomo.
214	Pink Floyd - The Wall (1982)	Drama, Musical, War	Pink (Bob Geldof) is a depressed rock star who appears motionless and expressionless while remembering his father. Decades prior, his father was killed defending the Anzio beachhead during World War II in Pink's infancy, leaving Pink's paranoid mother to raise him alone. A young Pink discovers relics from his father's military service and death. An animation depicts the war, showing that the death of the people was for nothing. Pink places a bullet on the track of an oncoming train within a tunnel, and the train that passes has children peering out of the windows wearing face masks.At school, he is caught writing poems and is humiliated by the teacher, who reads a poem from Pink's book before disciplining him. However, it is revealed that the poor treatment of the students is because of the unhappiness of the teacher's strained marriage. Pink recalls an oppressive school system, imagining children falling into a meat grinder. He fantasises about the children rising in rebellion and burning down the school before throwing the teacher onto a bonfire.As an adult, Pink remembers his overprotective mother and his strained marriage. During a phone call, Pink realises that his wife is cheating on him when a man answers the phone. His traumatic experiences are represented as "bricks" in the wall he constructs around himself that emotionally divides him from society.Pink returns to the hotel room with a groupie, only for him to destroy the room in a fit of violence, scaring her away. Depressed, he thinks about his wife and feels trapped in his room. He then remembers every "brick" of his wall, as it is shown to be finally complete, and the film returns to the first scene.Now trapped inside his wall, Pink does not leave his hotel room and begins to lose his mind to metaphorical "worms". He shaves all his body hair and watches television, particularly the epic docudrama war film The Dam Busters (1955). The young Pink searches through the trenches of the war, eventually finding himself as an adult. Young Pink runs away in terror and appears at a railway station, with the soldiers being reunited with their loved ones. After failing to find his father, the people demand that the soldiers return home. Returning to the present, Pink's manager finds him in his hotel room, completely unresponsive, and has a paramedic inject him with drugs to enable him to perform.In this drugged-out state, Pink hallucinates himself as a fascist dictator and his concert as a neo-Nazi rally. His followers attack blacks, gays, and Jews. He then holds a rally in London and imagines marching hammers goose-stepping across ruins. Pink stops hallucinating and screams, "Stop!", deciding he no longer wants to be trapped behind the wall. He cowers in a bathroom stall, quietly singing to himself as a security guard walks past him. As an animated rag doll, Pink puts himself on trial for "showing feelings of an almost human nature". His teacher and wife both accuse and berate him for his actions, while his mother tries to take him home, because she doesn't want him to get in any trouble.The judge sentences Pink "to be exposed before his peers", and gives the order to "tear down the wall!". Following a prolonged silence, the wall is destroyed, and Pink screams in terror. While Pink's ultimate fate is left unknown, children can be seen cleaning up a pile of debris and grabbing bricks, with one of them emptying a Molotov cocktail.
215	Field of Dreams (1989)	Drama	Ray Kinsella lives with his wife, Annie, and daughter, Karin, on their corn farm in Dyersville, Iowa. Troubled by his broken relationship with his late father John, a devoted baseball fan, Ray fears growing old without ever having done anything to achieve his dreams.While walking through his cornfield one evening, Ray hears a voice whispering, "If you build it, he will come"; he sees a vision of a baseball diamond in the cornfield and the ghost of "Shoeless" Joe Jackson standing in the middle. Annie agrees to uproot part of their field to build a baseball field, at risk of financial hardship.As Ray builds the field, he tells Karin about the 1919 Black Sox Scandal. Time passes, and as Ray is beginning to doubt himself, Shoeless Joe reappears one evening. After tossing a few balls around the field, Joe asks Ray if he can come back with more players. Ray says they are all welcome. The next day, Joe returns with the seven other Black Sox players. Annie's brother, Mark, cannot see the players. He warns the couple they are going bankrupt and offers to buy their land. The voice, meanwhile, urges Ray to "ease his pain."Ray and Annie attend a PTA meeting, where she argues against some who are trying to ban books by Terence Mann, a controversial author and activist from the 1960s. Ray deduces the voice was referring to Mann, who had named one of his characters "John Kinsella" and had once professed a childhood dream of playing for the Brooklyn Dodgers. That night, after Ray and Annie have identical dreams about Ray and Mann attending a game together at Fenway Park, Ray drives to Boston to find him. Mann, who has become a disenchanted recluse, agrees to attend one game. There Ray hears the voice urging him to "go the distance", while seeing statistics on the scoreboard for Archie "Moonlight" Graham, who played in one 1922 game for the New York Giants but never got to bat. Mann also admits to hearing the voice and seeing the scoreboard.The pair drive to Chisholm, Minnesota, and learn that Graham, who became a physician, had died years earlier. Ray researches Graham, whose obituary said he was a beloved and charitable doctor, but makes no mention of his baseball career. Ray suddenly finds himself in 1972, and meets an elderly Graham, who feels his calling in life was medicine, not sports, and declines to visit Ray's baseball field. During the drive back to Iowa, Ray and Mann pick up a young hitchhiker named Archie Graham, who is looking for a baseball team to join. Ray later tells Mann that his father dreamed of being a baseball player, then tried to make him pick up the sport instead. At 14, after reading one of Mann's books, Ray stopped playing catch with his father, and they became estranged after he mocked John, saying "[he] could never respect a man whose hero [Joe] was a criminal." Ray admits that his greatest regret is that his father died before they could reconcile.As they continue the drive, Mann and Ray agree that the building of the field, and bringing Joe back, is Ray's penance for his estrangement from his father. Arriving at the farm, they see various all-star players of the 1920s have arrived, fielding a second team. A game is played and Graham finally gets his turn at bat.The next day, Mark returns, demanding that Ray sell the farm or the bank will foreclose on him. Karin insists that people will pay to watch the ballgames. Mann agrees, saying that "people will come" to relive their childhood innocence. Ray and Mark scuffle, accidentally knocking Karin off the bleachers. Graham – despite knowing he will be unable to return after stepping off the field – saves her from choking on a hot dog. Having become old Doc Graham again, he reassures Ray that he has no regrets. As he heads back toward the cornfield, he is commended by the other players, and before he can enter it, Shoeless Joe calls out, "Hey, rookie!" Graham stops and turns to Shoeless Joe, who tells him, "You were good." Doc Graham's eyes shine with tears before he smiles, turns back toward the corn, and disappears into it. Suddenly, Mark too can see the players and urges Ray to keep the farm after all.Shoeless Joe invites Mann to enter the corn, and Mann happily accepts. Ray is angry at not being invited but Joe rebukes him, glancing towards the catcher at home plate, saying, "If you build it, he will come." When the catcher removes his mask, Ray recognizes him as his father, John, as a young man. Ray and Annie then understand that "ease his pain" and "go the distance" both refer to Ray and his father.Ray introduces John to his wife and daughter, without acknowledging him as his father. Later, as evening falls, John says goodnight to Ray and they shake hands. As John is walking towards the cornfield, Ray, addressing him as "Dad", asks him if he'd like to play catch. John gladly accepts, as a long line of cars is seen approaching the field, fulfilling the prophecy that people will come to the field to watch baseball.
216	When Harry Met Sally... (1989)	Comedy, Romance	In 1977, Harry Burns and Sally Albright graduate from the University of Chicago. Harry is dating Sally's friend Amanda Reese, leading to Harry and Sally ride-sharing to New York City. Sally is attending journalism school there and Harry has a job waiting.During the drive, Harry and Sally discuss their differing ideas about relationships; Sally disagrees with Harry's assertion that men and women cannot be friends as "the sex part gets in the way". They stop at a diner, and when Harry tells Sally she is very attractive, she angrily accuses him of making a pass. They part company in New York, never intending to see each other again.Five years later in 1982, Harry and Sally find themselves on the same flight. Sally is dating Harry's neighbor Joe, and Harry is engaged to Helen, which surprises Sally, as it seems uncharacteristically optimistic of him. Harry suggests they become friends, forcing him to qualify his previous position about the impossibility of male-female friendships. They separate, concluding that they will not be friends.Five years later in 1987, Harry and Sally run into each other at a bookstore. They have coffee and talk about their previous relationships; Sally and Joe have broken up and Helen has left Harry for another man. They agree to pursue a friendship and have late-night phone conversations, go to dinner, and spend time together discussing their love lives.During a New Year's Eve party, Harry and Sally find themselves growing attracted to each other and share an awkward midnight kiss. They remain friends and set each other up with their respective best friends, Marie and Jess. When the four go out, neither Marie nor Jess is attracted to Harry or Sally and instead immediately fall for each other. Soon after, the two are engaged.One night, Sally tearfully calls Harry to say that her ex, Joe, is getting married. Harry goes to Sally's apartment to comfort her but they end up having sex. Harry leaves the next morning, feeling awkward and filled with regret. Their friendship cools until they have a heated argument at Jess and Marie's wedding reception. Harry attempts to mend their relationship, but Sally feels that they can no longer be friends.At a 1988 New Year's Eve party with Jess and Marie, Sally misses Harry. He is spending New Year's Eve at home, watching Dick Clark's 16th annual New Year's Rockin' Eve. Before midnight, Harry walks around the city. As Sally is about to leave the party, Harry appears and declares his love for her. She claims he is only there because he is lonely, but he lists the many reasons he loves her. Harry and Sally marry three months later, exactly 12 years and three months after their first meeting.The film contains several interspersed segments of older couples discussing how they met. The true stories, gathered by Nora Ephron, are reenacted by actors. The final couple interviewed, before the closing credits, is Harry and Sally.
217	Bram Stoker's Dracula (1992)	Horror, Romance	In 1462, Vlad Dracula returns from a victory in his campaign against the Ottoman Empire to find his beloved wife Elisabeta has committed suicide after his enemies falsely reported his death. A priest of the Romanian Orthodox Church tells him that his wife's soul is damned to Hell for committing suicide. Enraged, Vlad desecrates the chapel and renounces God, declaring he will rise from the grave to avenge Elisabeta with all the powers of darkness. He then drives his sword into the chapel's stone cross and drinks the blood that pours from it, becoming a vampire.In 1897, solicitor Jonathan Harker takes the Transylvanian Count Dracula as a client from his colleague R. M. Renfield, who has gone insane and is now an inmate in Dr. Jack Seward's asylum. Jonathan travels to Dracula's castle in Transylvania to arrange Dracula's real estate acquisitions in London. There, he meets Dracula, who finds a picture of his fiancée Mina Murray and believes she is the reincarnation of Elisabeta. Dracula leaves Jonathan to be fed upon by his brides, while he sails to England with Transylvanian soil, taking up residence at Carfax Abbey, which he recently purchased.In London, Dracula hypnotically seduces and bites Mina's best friend Lucy Westenra, with whom Mina is staying while Jonathan is in Transylvania. Lucy's deteriorating health and behavioral changes prompt former suitors Quincey Morris and Dr. Seward, along with her fiancé Arthur Holmwood to summon Dr. Abraham Van Helsing, Seward's mentor, who recognizes Lucy as being the victim of a vampire. Dracula, appearing young and handsome during daylight, meets and charms Mina. Mina develops feelings for Dracula, accompanying him on several outings. When Mina receives word from Jonathan—who has escaped the castle and recovered at a convent—she travels to Romania to marry him. A heartbroken Dracula transforms Lucy into a vampire. Van Helsing, Holmwood, Seward, and Morris kill the undead Lucy the following night.After he and Mina return to London, Jonathan and Van Helsing lead the others to Carfax Abbey, where they destroy the Count's boxes of soil. Dracula enters the asylum and kills Renfield for warning Mina of his presence. He visits Mina, who is staying in Seward's quarters, and confesses that he murdered Lucy and has been terrorizing Mina's friends. Though furious at first, Mina admits that she still loves him and remembers Elisabeta's previous life; at her insistence, Dracula begins transforming her into a vampire. The hunters burst into the bedroom, and Dracula claims Mina as his bride before escaping. As Mina changes, Van Helsing hypnotizes her and learns via her connection with Dracula that he is sailing home in his last remaining box. The hunters depart for Varna to intercept him, but Dracula reads Mina's mind and evades them. The hunters split up; Van Helsing and Mina travel to the Borgo Pass and the castle, while the others try to stop the Romanians transporting Dracula.At night, Van Helsing and Mina are approached by Dracula's brides. Mina succumbs to their chanting and attempts to seduce Van Helsing. Before Mina can feed on his blood, Van Helsing places a communion wafer on her forehead, leaving a mark that slows her transformation. He surrounds them with a ring of fire to protect them from the brides, then kills the brides the following morning. Dracula's carriage arrives at the castle, pursued by the hunters. A fight between the hunters and Romani ensues. Morris is fatally stabbed in the back and Dracula bursts from his coffin at sunset. Jonathan slits his throat with a kukri knife while Morris stabs him in the heart with his Bowie knife. Van Helsing and Jonathan allow Mina to retreat with the Count while Morris dies in the arms of Seward, comforted by his friends.In the chapel where he renounced God, Dracula lies dying. He and Mina share a kiss as the candles adorning the chapel light up and the cross repairs itself. Dracula reverts to his younger self and asks Mina to give him peace. Mina thrusts the knife through his heart and as he dies, the mark on her forehead disappears freeing her from his curse. She then decapitates him and gazes up at a fresco of Vlad and Elisabeta ascending to heaven together, finally reunited.
218	Cape Fear (1991)	Thriller	Maximilian "Max" Cady, a psychopathic rapist, is released from prison after serving a sentence for the rape and battery of a 16-year-old girl. During his trial in Atlanta, Georgia, 14 years earlier, his public defender Samuel "Sam" Bowden was so appalled by Cady's crimes that he hid a report stating that the victim was promiscuous, which might have lightened Cady's sentence or acquitted him altogether. Bowden assumed that Cady, who was illiterate at the time of the trial, would never become aware of the report. Cady was ultimately convicted and given the maximum sentence.Cady finds Bowden, who is now an attorney in a private practice living in fictional New Essex, North Carolina, with his wife Leigh and their teenage daughter Danielle ("Danny"). Cady moves to New Essex and quickly makes his presence known to Bowden. He tells Bowden that he learned to read in prison, studied law and attempted several unsuccessful appeals of his case representing himself, implying that he knows about the hidden report. He soon begins to stalk and terrorize the Bowden family. After their dog is mysteriously poisoned, Bowden tries to have Cady arrested, but Police Lieutenant Elgart states that there is no evidence of Cady committing a crime.Cady meets Lori Davis, a courthouse clerk who is attracted to Bowden. Cady rapes and nearly beats her to death. Davis refuses to press charges due to fear that her ongoing flirtation with Bowden will become public. Bowden hires private investigator Claude Kersek to follow Cady.Impersonating her new drama teacher, Cady approaches Danny and kisses her. When Bowden learns of this, he agrees with Kersek to have Cady beaten up to intimidate him and coerce him into leaving town. Before the beating, Bowden gives Cady a final warning to leave him and his family alone and to leave New Essex, threatening physical harm against Cady if the warning is not heeded. Unbeknownst, Cady uses a hidden tape recorder to capture the threat.Kersek's hired thugs ambush Cady, but Cady manages to fight back and viciously beat them instead. Cady uses his recording of Bowden and exaggerations of his injuries to file for a restraining order against him, which is granted. Cady's attorney petitions the ABA Ethics Committee for Bowden's disbarment, triggering a two-day emergency meeting in Raleigh.Thinking that Cady may break into the Bowden home while Bowden is away, Kersek and Bowden fake his departure. They wait to see if Cady will break in, at which point they intend to shoot him in self-defense. Cady sneaks in undetected and kills the housekeeper, Graciela. Donning her clothes, he blindsides and kills Kersek before fleeing. After discovering the bodies, the Bowdens flee to their houseboat docked upstate along the Cape Fear River, not knowing that Cady has strapped himself to their car's undercarriage to track their houseboat.While Bowden is on deck and Leigh and Danny are in the cabin, Cady boards the boat and attacks Bowden, choking him unconscious before tying him up. He severs the rope that was keeping the boat docked, setting it adrift into a violent thunderstorm. Cady drags Bowden (who has since regained consciousness) into the cabin and prepares to rape Leigh and Danny while forcing Bowden to watch. Danny sets Cady on fire by squirting lighter fluid onto him as he lights a cigar, causing him to jump off the boat to extinguish the flames. Leigh and Danny untie Bowden, who attempts to steer the boat back to shore. Cady, however, manages to grab a rope attached to the boat and pulls himself back on board.As the boat is rocked by the storm, a badly burned Cady puts Bowden on a mock trial at gunpoint. Beating Bowden into confessing that he hid the report 14 years earlier, Cady scolds him for failing to do his duty as an attorney before sentencing him "to the ninth circle of hell". The storm knocks Cady off his feet, allowing Bowden to gain the upper hand. As Leigh and Danny jump off the boat and swim to shore, Bowden cuffs Cady to the boat with his own handcuffs. The boat hits a rock and is destroyed, and the storm washes the remains of the boat to shore, where Bowden and Cady exchange blows. Bowden, who angrily tells Cady that he intends to kill him, grabs a large rock to bring down on Cady's head. Just as he slams down the rock, the current carries the remains of the boat from the shore with Cady still cuffed to it.As the boat sinks, Cady speaks madly in tongues and sings the hymn "On Jordan's Stormy Banks I Stand". Cady exchanges a final glare with Bowden before being pulled underwater and drowning. Bowden wipes Cady's blood from his hands and joins Leigh and Danny on shore. The family never spoke about it again.
219	Nightmare on Elm Street, A (1984)	Horror	Teenager Tina Gray awakens from a terrifying nightmare in which a disfigured man wearing a bladed glove attacks her in a boiler room. Her mother points out the mysterious slashes on her nightgown. The following morning, Tina's best friend Nancy Thompson and Nancy's boyfriend, Glen Lantz, divulge that they too had nightmares about the same disfigured man. During a sleepover at Tina's house, Tina's boyfriend, Rod Lane, arrives, and they have sex. When Tina falls asleep, she dreams of the disfigured man attacking her, while Rod sees her fatally slashed by an unseen force, causing him to flee. Nancy and Glen find Tina's bloodied corpse.The next day, Nancy's policeman father, Don Thompson, arrests Rod despite his pleas of innocence. At school, Nancy falls asleep in class and dreams of the man chasing her in a boiler room. She deliberately burns her arm on a pipe, which startles her awake in class, and leaves a burn mark on her forearm. Nancy visits Rod at the police station, where he describes Tina's death along with his own recent nightmares about the same man.At home, Nancy falls asleep in the bathtub and is nearly drowned by the man. She then relies on caffeine to stay awake and invites Glen to watch over her as she sleeps. In her nightmare, Nancy watches the man preparing to kill Rod in his cell, but he turns his attention toward her and attacks her. Nancy wakes up when her alarm clock goes off. The man kills Rod, staging it as a suicide. At his funeral, Nancy's parents grow worried when she describes her nightmares. Her mother, Marge, drives her to a sleep disorder clinic where, in a nightmare, Nancy grabs the man's fedora with the name "Fred Krueger" written in it and pulls it into the real world.After barricading their house, Marge discloses to Nancy that Krueger was a child murderer who killed 20 children but was released on a technicality. He was then burned alive by the victims’ parents, alongside other Elm Street residents, who sought vigilante justice. Marge then showcases Krueger's bladed glove concealed in their furnace, and Nancy realizes that Krueger targeted her and her friends because their parents were accomplices to his homicide.Later that night, Glen falls asleep and is killed by Krueger. Nancy asks Don, who's across the street investigating Glen's murder site, to break into their house in 20 minutes. She rigs booby traps and successfully lures Krueger out of her nightmare and into the real world. The booby traps allow her to light him on fire and lock him in the basement.The police arrive to find that Krueger has escaped from the basement. Nancy and Don find a burning Krueger smothering Marge in her bedroom. After Don extinguishes the fire, Krueger and Marge vanish into the bed before Krueger rises behind Nancy. Realizing that Krueger is fueled by his victims' fear, she calmly turns her back to him, and Krueger evaporates.Nancy steps outside into a foggy morning where all her friends and her mother are still alive. She gets into Glen's convertible to go to school when the top suddenly comes down (colored in green and red stripes), locking them in as the car speeds down the street and Marge waves them goodbye on her doorstep. Three girls in white dresses playing jump rope chant Krueger's nursery rhyme while Marge is grabbed by Krueger through the front door window.
220	Mirror Has Two Faces, The (1996)	Comedy, Romance	Rose Morgan, a middle-aged English literature professor at Columbia University, lives with her vain, overbearing, widowed mother, Hannah. While attending her sister Claire's third wedding (to Rose's former crush Alex), Rose tells her best friend Doris that although she is certain she will never get married, she also believes it might feel wonderful to have a partner who truly knows her.Gregory Larkin is a Columbia math professor unable to connect with his students and who loses perspective when aroused by an attractive woman. Shortly after Gregory begins a talk about his new book, his ex-girlfriend Candace arrives. She flusters him so much that he has a panic attack and is unable to continue. While recovering, Gregory begs his friend Henry not to let him go home with Candace, but leaves with her the moment she offers. Back at Gregory's place, Candace leaves immediately after they have sex. She is still with her new boyfriend, but wanted to bolster her ego because he was cheating on her.Left in a state of frustration and rejection, Gregory places a personal ad that reads, "Columbia University professor (male) seeks woman interested in common goals and companionship. Must have Ph.D. and be over thirty-five. Physical appearance not important!" Claire secretly responds to the ad for Rose, and that night, after visiting one of Rose's classes, Gregory asks her out to dinner. They begin a relationship akin to dating, but without any physical intimacy beyond an occasional hug.Three months later, Gregory proposes. He emphasizes that their relationship will be built on common interests and mutual affection, not sex. However, he does agree to occasional sex, provided Rose gives him enough warning. Gregory and Rose marry in a courthouse ceremony. The relationship continues to grow and become more emotionally intimate, with hints of physical attraction.While discussing Gregory's European book tour at breakfast, Rose asks him if now is enough warning to tell him she would like to have sex that night, to which he nervously agrees. That night, as she attempts to seduce him, they end up making out passionately on the floor, until Gregory becomes uncomfortable at his loss of control and pulls away. Gregory expresses disappointment in Rose for breaking their agreement, accusing her of "female manipulation". Devastated by the perceived rejection of her attractiveness, she locks herself in the bathroom and breaks down in tears. Later, while Gregory is asleep, Rose sneaks out and goes to her mother's.During Rose's stay with Hannah, Rose blames her mother for making her feel unattractive as a child. In response, Hannah produces a photo of her as a toddler, describing how pretty she was and revealing that her father adored her and had never held a baby until she came along. This greatly changes Rose's view of herself. Deciding to undergo a makeover, Rose changes her diet, exercises, has her hair restyled, and starts wearing form-fitting clothing and more flattering makeup. Meanwhile, missing Rose, Gregory cuts his European book tour short and returns home. However, when he voices his disapproval of Rose's new appearance, she declares she is no longer in love with him, nor wants to be married to him, and moves back in with her mother.When Alex discovers Claire's affair with her masseur, they separate. Rose comforts him and they nearly have sex, but she realizes the fantasy of Alex is better than the reality. Gregory starts lashing out at his students, distraught about his failing marriage. He ends up on Henry's couch an emotional and physical wreck, insisting he loves Rose and does not know what to do. Henry encourages him to fight for her.Before sunrise, Gregory goes to Rose's apartment. He tells Rose he loves her and insists that the night she tried to initiate sex, he only pulled away because of how desperately he wanted her. They kiss, mutually confessing their love as Puccini plays on a neighbor's turntable. When Gregory says he wants to be married to her, she reminds him they are still married. As the sun comes up, they catch a taxi home.
221	Breaking the Waves (1996)	Drama	Bess McNeill is a young and pretty Scottish woman who has, in the past, had treatment for unspecified mental health illness after the death of her brother. She marries oil rig worker Jan Nyman, a Danish non-churchgoer, despite disapproval from her community and her Free Scottish Presbyterian Calvinist church. Bess is steadfast and pure of heart but quite simple and childlike in her beliefs. During her frequent visits to the church, she prays to God and carries on conversations with him in her own voice, believing that he is responding directly through her.Bess is infatuated with Jan and has difficulty living without him when he is away on the oil platform. Jan makes occasional phone calls to Bess, in which they express their love and sexual desires. Bess grows needy and prays for his immediate return. The next day, Jan is severely injured in an industrial accident and is flown back to the mainland. Bess believes her prayer was the reason the accident occurred and that God was punishing her for her selfishness in asking him to neglect his job and return to her. No longer able to perform sexually and mentally affected by the paralysis, Jan asks Bess to find a lover. Bess is devastated and storms out. Jan then attempts to commit suicide and fails. He falls unconscious and is readmitted to the hospital.Jan's condition deteriorates. He urges Bess to find another lover and tell him the details, as it will be as if they are together and will revitalize his spirits. Though her sister-in-law Dodo constantly reassures her that nothing she does will affect his recovery, Bess begins to believe these suggestions are the will of God and in accordance with loving Jan wholely. Despite her repulsion and inner turmoil at the thought of being with other men, she perseveres in her own sexual debasement, believing it will save her husband. Bess throws herself at Jan's doctor, but when he rebuffs her, she takes to picking up men off the street and allowing herself to be brutalized in increasingly cruel sexual encounters. In the face of probable expulsion from her church, she proclaims, "You cannot love words. You cannot be in love with a word. You can only love a human being. That's perfection". The entire village is scandalised by these doings, and Bess is excommunicated.Dodo and Jan's doctor agree the only way to keep Bess safe from herself is to have her committed and move as far away from her husband - whom they believe to be in terminal decline - as possible. Bess decides to make what she thinks is the ultimate sacrifice for Jan: She unflinchingly returns to a derelict ship, where sailors brutally attack her. Dodo and Mrs. McNeill meet a severely injured Bess in the hospital for the last time, forgiving her for her actions. Bess dies in Dodo's arms.Her church deems her soul to be lost and hell-bound. Unbeknownst to the church elders, Jan and his friends have substituted bags of sand for Bess's body inside her sealed coffin. Without notice to the church elders, Dodo condemns them, saying no-one has the right to consign Bess to hell. Later, Jan is shown, substantially restored to health despite the doctors not having thought it possible, burying Bess in the ocean, deep in grief. The film ends in magical realism as Bess's body is nowhere to be seen on the sonar, and church bells ring from on high in the sky.
222	Star Trek: First Contact (1996)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi	In the 24th century, Captain Jean-Luc Picard awakens from a nightmare in which he relives his assimilation by the cybernetic Borg six years earlier. He is contacted by Starfleet, who inform him of a new Borg threat against Earth. Picard's orders are for his ship, USS Enterprise, to patrol the Neutral Zone in case of Romulan aggression; Starfleet is worried that Picard is too emotionally involved with the Borg to join the fight.Learning the fleet is losing the battle, the Enterprise crew disobeys orders and heads for Earth, where a single Borg Cube ship holds its own against a group of Starfleet vessels. Enterprise arrives in time to assist the crew of USS Defiant and its commander, the Klingon Worf. Picard takes control of the fleet and directs the surviving ships to concentrate their firepower on a seemingly unimportant point on the Borg ship. The Cube launches a smaller spherical ship towards Earth before being destroyed. Enterprise pursues the sphere into a temporal vortex. As the sphere disappears, Enterprise discovers Earth has been altered—Borg now populates it. Realizing the Borg have used time travel to change the past, Enterprise follows the sphere through the vortex.Enterprise arrives hundreds of years in the past on April 4, 2063, the day before the historic warp drive flight that leads to humanity's first encounter with alien life. The crew surmise that the Borg are trying to prevent first contact and assimilate humanity while the planet is recovering from World War III. After destroying the Borg sphere, an away team transports down to Zefram Cochrane's warp ship, Phoenix, in Bozeman, Montana. Picard has Cochrane's assistant Lily Sloane sent back to the Enterprise for medical attention. The captain returns to the ship and leaves Commander William T. Riker on Earth to make sure Phoenix's flight proceeds as planned. While in the future Cochrane is seen as a hero, in reality he built the Phoenix for financial gain and is reluctant to be the historic figure the crew describes.A group of Borg invade Enterprise's lower decks, assimilating some of the crew and modifying the ship. Picard and a team attempt to reach engineering to disable the Borg with a corrosive gas, but are forced back; the android Data is captured in the melee. A frightened Lily corners Picard with a weapon, but he gains her trust. The two escape the Borg-infested area of the ship by creating a diversion in the holodeck. Picard, Worf, and the ship's navigator, Lieutenant Hawk, travel outside the ship in space suits to stop the Borg from using the navigational deflector to call for reinforcements, but Hawk is assimilated in the process. As the Borg assimilate more decks, Worf suggests destroying the ship, but Picard angrily calls him a coward. Lily confronts the captain and makes him realize he is acting irrationally because of his past with the Borg. Picard apologizes to Worf and orders the activation of the ship's self-destruct and evacuation of the crew to escape pods, while he stays behind to rescue Data.As Cochrane, Riker, and engineer Geordi La Forge prepare to activate the warp drive on Phoenix, Picard discovers that the Borg Queen has grafted human skin onto Data, giving him the sensation of touch he has long desired so that she can obtain the android's encryption codes to the Enterprise computer. Although Picard offers himself to the Borg in exchange for Data's freedom, Data refuses to leave, deactivates the self-destruct, and fires torpedoes at Phoenix. At the last moment, the torpedoes miss, and the Queen realizes Data deceived her. The android ruptures a coolant tank, and the corrosive vapor eats away the biological components of the Borg and Data's new skin.With the Borg threat neutralized, Cochrane completes his warp flight. Later that night, the crew watches from a distance as an alien Vulcan ship, attracted by the Phoenix warp test, lands on Earth. Cochrane greets the aliens. Having ensured the correction of the timeline, Picard bids Lily farewell, and the Enterprise crew slips away and returns to the 24th century.
223	Sling Blade (1996)	Drama, Thriller	Karl Childers is a developmentally disabled Arkansas man whose parents physically and mentally abused him when he was young. He has been in the custody of the state mental hospital since the age of 12 after murdering his mother and her teenage lover, who was also his tormentor, with a sling blade. Karl believed his mother was being raped and killed the teen in her defense. When he realized his mother was a willing participant in the affair, Karl killed her as well.As a passive person, Karl spends his days quietly staring out a window at an open field and wringing his hands together. He is often forced by Charles, a fellow patient, to listen to his stories about unsolved crimes of murder and rape. Charles was, unbeknownst to the hospital, a serial killer. The state determines that Karl is no longer dangerous and releases him. Karl wants to stay, but is told that he has to leave. He goes back to his hometown, where he finds work as a small engine mechanic.Karl befriends 12-year-old Frank Wheatley and shares details of his past, including the killings. Frank introduces Karl to his mother, Linda, and her gay best friend and boss, Vaughan. Vaughan is concerned about Karl's history, but Linda asks him to move into her garage, which her abusive and alcoholic boyfriend, Doyle begrudgingly accepts. Vaughan tells Karl that he fears Doyle could hurt or kill Linda and Frank one day.Karl becomes a role model to Frank, who misses his deceased father and despises Doyle. As they grow closer, Karl tells Frank that he is haunted by an incident that happened when he was six or eight years old. His parents did not want his baby brother so his father made him dispose of the body. Karl found the baby was still moving, but buried him alive anyway. Karl later visits his sickly father and tries to reconcile, but is rejected. He scolds his father for his past cruelty to him and to his brother and says that he thought many times about killing him, but no longer sees the need as he is an old man and will be dead soon enough.During Doyle's latest drunken outburst, where he refuses to leave Linda's house, Frank fights back. Linda later reconciles with Doyle, who announces that he is moving in with them. He tells Karl that he is no longer welcome. When Frank protests, Doyle grabs him, but Karl intervenes and warns him never to touch Frank again. Doyle insists that he is in charge and orders Karl to leave.Realizing that an unhappy childhood or worse awaits Frank, Karl persuades him and Linda to spend the night at Vaughan's house. Karl tells Frank that he loves him, and gives him a brotherly hug. Karl then asks Vaughan to promise to look after Frank and Linda. Later that evening, he returns to the Wheatley home carrying a sharpened lawn mower blade, and finds Doyle drunk and alone in the living room. After asking Doyle how to call for the police, Karl kills him, calls 9-1-1, and then sits down at the kitchen table to eat biscuits with mustard, a childhood favorite, while waiting for the police to arrive.Karl is returned to the state hospital, but is now more assertive. Charles begins telling him more private stories about unsolved crimes involving sexual violence, and then questions him about his relationship with Frank. This angers Karl, and he turns on Charles and tells him to never speak to him again. As Charles walks away, Karl resumes looking out of the window toward the open field, a slight grin on his face.
224	Ridicule (1996)	Drama	In 18th-century France, Baron Grégoire Ponceludon de Malavoy, a young, penniless, and naive aristocrat and engineer, devises a scheme to drain the marshy region of the Dombes that is causing disease, in order to improve the lot of the peasants living there. He sets off for Versailles in order to seek the support of King Louis XVI. Along the way, he is robbed and beaten, but he is taken in by the Marquis de Bellegarde, a physician, who teaches him about wit and the court's ways. Ponceludon realizes that the court is corrupt and hollow but finds solace in Mathilde de Bellegarde, the doctor's daughter, who agrees to marry a rich old man to support her science experiments and pay off her father's debts.Madame de Blayac, the beautiful and wealthy recent widow of Monsieur de Blayac, who was supposed to be Ponceludon's sponsor at court, cheats at a game of wits with the help of her lover, L'abbé de Vilecourt. Ponceludon notices but does not expose the cheating to the court and ruin Madame de Blayac's reputation. Blayac repays his generosity by arranging for the certification of his lineage, allowing his suit to proceed. Meanwhile, Ponceludon sees through the schemes of the court and realizes that he cannot trust anyone.Ponceludon sleeps with Madame de Blayac in exchange for her assistance in arranging a meeting with the King, but she maliciously has Bellegarde attend her when Ponceludon is still with her, ensuring that Mathilde learns of their relationship. Later, Ponceludon joins the King's entourage and secures a private meeting with the King to discuss his project, but he is forced into a duel with a cannoneer who insults him.Ponceludon kills the cannoneer and learns that the King cannot meet with someone who has killed one of his officers, although he is assured that it was right to uphold his honor. Madame de Blayac plots her revenge by inviting Ponceludon to a costume ball "only for wits", where he is tripped and ridiculed. However, he tears off his mask and condemns their decadence, vowing to drain the swamp by himself, and leaves the court with Mathilde.Some years later, in 1794, after the Revolution has forced many nobles into exile, the Marquis de Bellegarde, a refugee in Great Britain, spends some time in a nostalgic conversation. We learn from him that Ponceludon, always faithful, has been able to work on completing his goal of draining the Dombes alongside Mathilde, who is now his wife.
225	101 Dalmatians (1996)	Children's, Comedy	American video game designer Roger Dearly lives with his pet Dalmatian Pongo in London. Roger develops a video game featuring dog chase, but it is rejected because the villain is inadequate. His attempts to redesign the game prove unsatisfactory.One day during a walk, Pongo sets his eyes on Perdita, another Dalmatian. After a chase that ends in St James's Park, Roger discovers that Pongo likes Perdita. Her owner, Anita Campbell-Green, falls in love with Roger when they meet. When they return to Roger's home, Anita accepts his proposal. They get married along with Perdita and Pongo. Anita works as a fashion designer at the House of de Vil. Her boss, Cruella de Vil, has a deep passion for fur, going so far as to have a taxidermist, Mr. Skinner, skin a white tiger at the London Zoo to make her into a rug for her. Anita, inspired by her Dalmatian, designs a coat made with spotted fur. Cruella is intrigued by the idea of making garments out of actual Dalmatians, and finds it amusing that it would seem as if she was wearing Anita's dog.Perdita gets pregnant, and so does Anita. Cruella visits their home and becomes excited when she learns that Perdita is expecting. Weeks later, she returns when a litter of 15 puppies are born and offers Roger and Anita £7,500 for them, but they refuse. Enraged, Cruella dismisses Anita and vows revenge against her and Roger. One winter evening, she has her henchmen, Jasper and Horace, break into their home and steal the puppies, while the couple is walking in the park with Pongo and Perdita. Along with 84 other Dalmatians that were previously stolen, they deliver them to her broken-down country estate, De Vil Mansion. Cruella asks Skinner to kill and skin them to create her coat.With the family devastated at the loss of their puppies, Pongo uses the twilight bark to carry the message via the dogs and other animals of the United Kingdom, while Roger and Anita notify the police. Anita realizes Cruella was behind the kidnappings and confirms her suspicion when she shows Roger and Nanny her portfolio. An Airedale Terrier named Kipper follows Jasper and Horace to the mansion, and finds all of the puppies, who he helps escape under the duo's noses. They make their way to a nearby farm, where they are later joined by Pongo and Perdita. Cruella arrives at the mansion and discovers what has happened. Angry with the thieves' failure, she decides to carry out the job herself. After several mishaps, Jasper and Horace discover nearby police looking for Cruella and hand themselves in, joining Skinner who was attacked in defense while trying to capture a puppy who had been left behind. Cruella tracks the puppies to the farm and tries to capture them, but the farm animals incapacitate her. The police arrive and arrest Cruella, before sending the puppies home.Pongo, Perdita and their puppies are reunited with Roger, Anita and Nanny. After being informed that the remaining 84 puppies have no home to go to, as they have not yet been claimed by any owners, they decide to adopt them. Roger finally creates a successful video game, featuring Dalmatian puppies as the protagonists and Cruella as the villain. With this success, they move out of London to the countryside with their millions. Roger and Anita have a baby girl, while the dogs grow up with puppies of their own.
226	Die Hard 2 (1990)	Action, Thriller	During Christmas Week, two years after the events of the previous film, John McClane - now a lieutenant with the LAPD - arrives at Dulles International Airport to pick up his wife Holly. Meanwhile, a plane carrying corrupt foreign military leader General Ramon Esperanza is also headed to Dulles under extradition for using U.S. funds to buy drugs.Waiting to meet Esperanza's plane is disgraced former United States Army Colonel William Stuart and a group of ex-military sympathizers who supported Esperanza's actions. McClane follows two of Stuart's men into a restricted baggage sorting area where a gun fight ensues. He kills one man, but the other escapes. With the help of his friend Sergeant Al Powell, he discovers that the dead man's fingerprints correspond to an American soldier who was listed as having died in a helicopter accident two years earlier. McClane reports his concerns to the ill-tempered airport police chief, Carmine Lorenzo, and air traffic control director Ed Trudeau, but neither believes him.Stuart and his men, operating out of a church on the outskirts of the airport, cut all communications with incoming airplanes, disable all runway lighting, and demand that Esperanza's plane be allowed to land without interference. Under Stuart's direction, Trudeau orders all air traffic controllers to have all planes in Dulles airspace hold in the air despite their low fuel warnings.McClane becomes worried about Holly's plane and enlists the help of the airport janitor Marvin to fight back. Chief airport engineer Leslie Barnes decides to try using an unfinished antenna array to communicate with the stranded circling airplanes. Lorenzo sends an airport SWAT team with him, but Stuart's men kill the officers and destroy the antenna. McClane saves Barnes and kills Stuart's men in turn. In retaliation, Stuart crashes a British airliner, killing everyone on board, by impersonating air traffic control and faking the airplane's altimeter reading by recalibrating sea level.Esperanza's plane lands and McClane wounds Esperanza before Stuart and his men arrive. They blow up the plane and take Esperanza to the church, but McClane survives. A Blue Light team arrives, led by Major Grant, of whom Stuart is a protégé. Grant's men and McClane attack the church. McClane kills one of Stuart's men and gives chase with his gun, but the mercenaries escape on snowmobiles. McClane follows but his vehicle is destroyed by gunfire. Confused as to how he failed to wound anyone, McClane realizes the gun was filled with blanks, meaning the earlier firefight was staged and Grant's team are secretly in cahoots with Stuart.Grant, Stuart, their men, and Esperanza all rendezvous at an airport hangar, where a Boeing 747 that they demanded is waiting for them. On Holly's flight, arrogant reporter Richard Thornburg becomes suspicious as to why the plane has not landed. He taps into the cockpit communications and records a transmission from Barnes to all the circling airplanes describing the situation. From the airplane's lavatory, Richard broadcasts the recording live on television, leading to a panic in the airport terminal which prevents McClane and Lorenzo from getting to the 747. Holly subdues Thornburg with a fellow passenger's taser.McClane asks a news crew to fly him via helicopter to intercept the 747. McClane jumps onto the wing and uses his coat to jam the aileron, preventing the plane from taking off. During a fistfight, McClane kicks Grant into a jet engine. While fighting Stuart, McClane opens a fuel valve in the engine pylon just as Stuart kicks him off the wing. McClane uses a cigarette lighter to ignite the fuel trail, causing the plane to blow up and killing everyone on board. The fire trail also serves as a landing guide for all airborne aircraft, including Holly's, to land safely.After McClane and Holly are reunited, Marvin picks them up in his airport cart and drives them away.
227	Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country (1991)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi	In 2293, the Federation starship Excelsior, commanded by Captain Hikaru Sulu, discovers that the Klingon moon of Praxis has been destroyed in a mining accident. The loss of Praxis and the ecological devastation of the Klingon homeworld throws the Klingon Empire into turmoil. No longer able to afford war with the Federation, the Klingons pursue peace. Starfleet sends the Federation starship Enterprise to meet with the Klingon Chancellor Gorkon and escort him to negotiations on Earth. Enterprise Captain James T. Kirk, whose son David was murdered by Klingons, opposes peace and resents the assignment.Enterprise and Gorkon's battlecruiser rendezvous and continue towards Earth, with the two command crews sharing a tense meal. Later that night, Enterprise appears to fire torpedoes at the Klingon ship, disabling its artificial gravity. During the confusion, two men wearing Starfleet spacesuits and magnetic boots beam aboard the Klingon vessel, kill two crew members, and mortally wound Gorkon before escaping. Kirk surrenders to avoid armed conflict and beams aboard with Doctor Leonard McCoy to try and save Gorkon's life. The chancellor dies, and Gorkon's chief of staff, General Chang, arrests Kirk and McCoy for his assassination. A Klingon court finds the pair guilty and sentences them to life imprisonment on the frozen planetoid Rura Penthe. Gorkon's daughter Azetbur becomes the new chancellor and continues diplomatic negotiations; the conference is relocated for security, and the new location is kept secret. While several senior Starfleet officers want to rescue Kirk and McCoy, the Federation president refuses to risk full-scale war; Azetbur likewise refuses to invade Federation space.Kirk and McCoy arrive at the Rura Penthe mines and are befriended by Martia, a shapeshifter, who offers them an escape route; in reality, it is a ruse to make their arranged deaths appear accidental. Once her betrayal is revealed, Martia transforms into Kirk's double and fights him, but is killed by the prison guards to silence any witnesses. Kirk and McCoy are beamed aboard Enterprise by Spock, who has assumed command and launched an investigation in Kirk's absence. Determining that Enterprise did not fire the torpedoes, the crew searches for the assassins, who are themselves found dead. Kirk and Spock set a trap to draw out the accomplice in sick bay and discover that the killer is Spock's protégé, Valeris. To find the identity of the other conspirators, Spock initiates a forced mind-meld and learns that Federation, Klingon, and Romulan officials conspired to sabotage the peace talks. The torpedoes that struck Gorkon's cruiser came from Chang's ship, which has the unique ability to fire its weapons while cloaked.Enterprise and Excelsior race to Khitomer, the location of the peace talks. Chang's cloaked ship attacks and inflicts heavy damage on Enterprise. At the suggestion of Spock and Uhura, Spock and McCoy modify a torpedo to home in on the exhaust emissions of Chang's ship. The torpedo impact reveals Chang's location, and Enterprise and Excelsior destroy his ship with a volley of torpedoes. The crews from both ships beam to the conference and thwart the assassination attempt on the Federation president's life. Starfleet Command orders Enterprise to return to Earth to be decommissioned. Kirk decides to take his ship on one last cruise instead, and notes in his log a new generation of explorers will continue their legacy.
228	Star Trek: The Wrath of Khan (1982)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi	In 2285, Admiral James T. Kirk oversees a simulator session of Captain Spock's trainees. In the simulation, Lieutenant Saavik commands the starship USS Enterprise on a rescue mission to save the crew of the damaged ship Kobayashi Maru, but is attacked by Klingon cruisers and critically damaged. The simulation is a no-win scenario designed to test the character of Starfleet officers. Later, Dr. Leonard McCoy visits Kirk on his birthday; seeing Kirk in low spirits due to his age, the doctor advises Kirk to get a new command instead of growing old behind a desk.Meanwhile, the starship Reliant is on a mission to search for a lifeless planet to test the Genesis Device, a technology designed to reorganize dead matter into habitable worlds. Reliant's Captain Clark Terrell and first officer Commander Pavel Chekov beam down to evaluate a planet they mistakenly believe to be Ceti Alpha VI. Once there, they are captured by the genetically-engineered tyrant Khan Noonien Singh, who explains that they are on Ceti Alpha V. Fifteen years prior, Kirk exiled Khan and his followers there after they attempted to take over Enterprise; six months later, Ceti Alpha VI exploded, shifting the orbit of Ceti Alpha V and turning it into a desert wasteland. The catastrophe killed many of Khan's followers, while others, including his wife, were killed by native parasitic Ceti eels.Khan implants Chekov and Terrell with eel larvae, rendering them susceptible to mind control, and uses the pair to capture Reliant. While Khan's lieutenant, Joachim, suggests abandoning his quest for revenge, Khan insists on killing Kirk. Learning of the Genesis Device, Khan attacks space station Regula I, where the device is being developed by Kirk's former lover, Dr. Carol Marcus, and their son, David.Kirk assumes command of Enterprise after the ship, deployed on a training cruise, receives a distress call from Regula I. En route, Enterprise is ambushed and crippled by Reliant. Khan offers to spare Kirk's crew if they relinquish all material related to Genesis; Kirk instead stalls for time and, taking advantage of Khan's unfamiliarity with starships, remotely lowers Reliant's shields, enabling a counter-attack. Khan is forced to retreat and effect repairs, while Enterprise limps to Regula I. Kirk, McCoy, and Saavik beam to the station and find Terrell and Chekov alive and Carol Marcus's team slaughtered. They find Carol and David hiding Genesis deep inside the nearby planetoid. Khan, having used Terrell and Chekov as spies, orders them to kill Kirk; Terrell resists the eel's influence and kills himself, while Chekov collapses as the eel leaves his body. Khan transports Genesis aboard Reliant, intending to maroon Kirk on the planetoid, but is tricked by Kirk and Spock's coded arrangements for a rendezvous. Kirk directs Enterprise into the nearby Mutara Nebula, successfully taunting Khan into following him; conditions inside the nebula render shields useless and compromise targeting systems, making Enterprise and Reliant evenly matched. Spock notes that Khan's tactics indicate inexperience in three-dimensional combat, which Kirk exploits to disable Reliant.Mortally wounded, Khan activates Genesis, quoting Captain Ahab as he dies. Kirk's crew detects the activation and attempts to move out of range, but with the ship's warp drive damaged, they cannot escape the nebula in time. Spock goes to the irradiated engine room to restore warp power. When McCoy tries to prevent Spock's entry, Spock incapacitates him with a Vulcan nerve pinch and performs a mind meld, telling him to "remember". Spock repairs the warp drive, and Enterprise jumps to warp, escaping the explosion, which forms a new planet. Before dying of radiation poisoning, Spock urges Kirk not to grieve, as his decision to sacrifice himself to save Enterprise was a logical one. Kirk and the ship's crew host a space burial for Spock, whose casket lands on the new Genesis planet.
229	Star Trek III: The Search for Spock (1984)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi	The Federation starship Enterprise limps back to Earth following a battle with the superman Khan Noonien Singh, who tried to destroy the Enterprise by detonating an experimental terraforming device known as Genesis. The casualties of the fight include Admiral James T. Kirk's Vulcan friend, Spock, whose casket was launched onto the surface of the planet created by the Genesis Device. Upon arriving at Earth Spacedock, Doctor Leonard McCoy begins to act strangely and is arrested. Starfleet Admiral Morrow visits Enterprise and informs the crew the ship is to be decommissioned; the crew is ordered not to speak about Genesis due to political fallout over the device.David Marcus—Kirk's son, a key scientist in Genesis' development—and the Vulcan Saavik are investigating the Genesis planet from the science vessel USS Grissom. Discovering an unexpected life form on the surface, Marcus and Saavik transport to the planet. They find that the Genesis Device has resurrected Spock in the form of a child, although his mind is not present. Marcus, pressed by Saavik, admits that he used unstable "protomatter" in constructing the Genesis Device, meaning that Spock is rapidly aging, and the planet will be destroyed within hours. Meanwhile, commander Kruge, a member of the alien Klingon race, intercepts information about Genesis. Believing the device to be a potent weapon, he takes his cloaked ship to the Genesis planet, destroys Grissom, and captures Marcus, Saavik, and Spock.Spock's father, Sarek, meets with Kirk about his son's death. The pair learn that before he died, Spock transferred his katra, or living spirit, to McCoy. Spock's katra and body are needed to lay him to rest on the Vulcan homeworld, and without help, McCoy will die from carrying the katra. Disobeying orders, Kirk and his officers spring McCoy from detention, disable the USS Excelsior, and steal Enterprise from Spacedock to return to the Genesis planet.In orbit, Enterprise is attacked and disabled by Kruge. In the standoff that follows, Kruge orders that one of the hostages on the surface be executed; David is killed defending Saavik. Kirk and company feign surrender and activate Enterprise's self-destruct sequence, killing the Klingon boarding party while the Enterprise crew beams down to the planet's surface. Promising the secret of Genesis, Kirk lures Kruge to the planet and has him beam his crew to the Klingon vessel. As the Genesis planet disintegrates, Kirk and Kruge engage in hand-to-hand combat; Kirk emerges victorious after kicking the Klingon off a cliff. Overwhelming the last member of the Klingon crew, Kirk and his officers set course for Vulcan.Spock's katra is reunited with his body in a dangerous procedure called fal tor pan. The ceremony is successful, and Spock is resurrected alive and well, though his memories are fragmented. At Kirk's prompting, Spock remembers he called Kirk "Jim" and recognizes the crew.
230	Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home (1986)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi	In 2286, an enormous cylindrical probe moves through space, sending out an indecipherable signal and disabling the power of every ship it passes. As it takes up orbit around Earth, its signal disables the global power grid and generates planetary storms, creating catastrophic, sun-blocking cloud cover. Starfleet Command sends out a planetary distress call and warns all space-faring vessels not to approach Earth.On the planet Vulcan, the former officers of the late USS Enterprise are living in exile. Accompanied by the Vulcan Spock, still recovering from his resurrection, the crew take their captured Klingon Bird of Prey and return to Earth to face trial for their actions. Receiving Starfleet's warning, Spock determines that the probe's signal matches the song of extinct humpback whales and that the object will continue to wreak havoc until its call is answered. The crew uses their ship to travel back in time via a slingshot maneuver around the Sun, planning to return with a whale to answer the alien signal.Arriving in 1986, the crew finds their ship's power drained by the time travel maneuver. Hiding the ship in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park using its cloaking device, the crew split up to accomplish several tasks: Admiral James T. Kirk and Spock attempt to locate humpback whales, while Montgomery Scott, Leonard McCoy, and Hikaru Sulu construct a tank to hold the whales they need for a return to the 23rd century. Uhura and Pavel Chekov are tasked to find a nuclear reactor, whose energy leakage can be collected and used to regenerate the decaying dilithium crystals.Kirk and Spock discover a pair of humpback whales in the care of Dr. Gillian Taylor at a Sausalito aquarium and learn they will soon be released into the wild. Kirk tells her of his mission and asks for the tracking frequency for the whales, but she refuses to cooperate. Meanwhile, Scott and McCoy trade the formula of transparent aluminum for the materials needed for the whale tank. At the same time, Sulu secures the use of a "Huey" helicopter to transport them. Uhura and Chekov locate a nuclear-powered ship, the aircraft carrier Enterprise. They collect the power they need but are discovered on board. Uhura is beamed out, but Chekov is captured, interrogated (under the assumption he is a Soviet spy), and subsequently severely injured in an escape attempt.Gillian learns the whales have been released early and goes to Kirk for assistance. Gillian, Kirk, and McCoy rescue Chekov from a nearby hospital and return to the now-recharged Bird of Prey. After saving the whales from whalers and transporting them aboard, the crew returns with Gillian to their own time. On approaching Earth, the ship loses power due to the alien probe and crash-lands into the waters of San Francisco Bay. Once released from near-drowning, the whales respond to the probe's signal, causing the object to reverse its effects on Earth and return to the depths of space.Later, the Enterprise crew stand judgment before the Federation Council, which acknowledges the crew's part in saving the planet, and drops all pending charges except the one against Kirk, for disobeying a superior officer. Kirk is demoted to the rank of captain, but as a furtive reward for his heroics, he is returned to the command of a starship. Kirk and Gillian part ways, as she has been assigned to a science vessel by Starfleet. Spock's father Sarek finally accepts his son's earlier choice to enter Starfleet, further mending their broken relationship. The crew discovers they have been awarded the newly christened USS Enterprise (NCC-1701-A), and leaves on a shakedown mission.
231	Batman Returns (1992)	Action, Adventure, Comedy, Crime	In Gotham City, two wealthy socialites, horrified by the birth of their malformed and feral son Oswald, abandon him in the sewers, where he is taken in by a colony of penguins. Thirty-three years later, during the Christmas season, wealthy industrialist Max Shreck is abducted by the Red Triangle Gang—former circus performers implicated in child disappearances across the country—and taken to their hideout in the abandoned Arctic exhibit at Gotham Zoo. Their leader, Oswald, now known as the Penguin, blackmails Max with evidence of his corruption and murders, coercing him into helping Oswald re-enter Gotham's high society. Max stages the kidnapping of the mayor's infant child, allowing Oswald to "rescue" it and become a public hero. In return, Oswald requests access to the city's birth records, claiming he seeks to uncover his true identity by investigating Gotham's first-born sons.Max attempts to kill his timid secretary, Selina Kyle, by pushing her out of a window after she discovers his plan to build a power plant that would secretly drain  and store Gotham's electricity. Selina survives, returns home, designs a costume, and adopts the persona of Catwoman. To Max's surprise, she reappears at work with newfound confidence and assertiveness, immediately attracting the attention of visiting billionaire Bruce Wayne. As the vigilante Batman, Bruce begins investigating Oswald, suspecting his ties to the Red Triangle Gang. Seeking to remove opposition to his power plant, Max convinces Oswald to run for mayor and discredit the incumbent by unleashing the gang on Gotham. Batman's efforts to quell the violence bring him into conflict with Catwoman, while in their civilian lives Selina and Bruce begin a romance. Meanwhile, Catwoman allies with Oswald to smear Batman's reputation.During Gotham's Christmas-tree lighting, Oswald and Catwoman kidnap Gotham's beauty queen, the Ice Princess, and lure Batman to a rooftop above the ceremony. Oswald pushes the Ice Princess to her death with a swarm of bats, framing Batman. When Catwoman objects to the murder and rebuffs Oswald's sexual advances, he attacks her, sending her crashing through a glasshouse. Batman escapes in the Batmobile, unaware that the Red Triangle gang has sabotaged it, allowing Oswald to take it on a remote-controlled rampage. Before regaining control, Batman records Oswald's insulting tirade against Gotham's citizens and later plays it during Oswald's mayoral rally, destroying his public image and forcing him to retreat to Gotham Zoo. There, Oswald renounces his humanity, fully embracing his identity as the Penguin, and sets his plan in motion to abduct and kill Gotham's first-born sons as revenge for his own abandonment.Selina attempts to kill Max at his charity ball, but Bruce intervenes, and the two inadvertently discover each other's secret identities. Penguin crashes the event intending to kidnap Max's son, Chip, but Max offers himself instead. Batman disrupts the Red Triangle gang and halts the kidnappings, prompting the Penguin to unleash his missile-equipped penguin army to destroy Gotham. Batman's ally, Alfred Pennyworth, overrides the control signal, redirecting the penguins back to Gotham Zoo. As the missiles obliterate the zoo, Batman unleashes a swarm of bats, causing the Penguin to fall into the toxic waters of the Arctic exhibit. Catwoman confronts Max, rejecting Batman's plea to abandon her revenge and leave with him. Max shoots her multiple times, but she survives, claiming she has two of her nine lives left. Catwoman electrocutes Max with a live cable, causing a power surge that appears to kill them both; however, Batman finds only Max's remains. The Penguin emerges one last time but succumbs to his injuries, with his penguins carrying his body into the water.Sometime later, while traveling home, Bruce spots Selina's silhouette but finds only a cat, which he takes with him. The Bat-Signal shines above the city as Catwoman gazes up at it.
232	Young Guns (1988)	Action, Comedy, Western	In Lincoln County, New Mexico, English cattleman John Tunstall hires a wayward young gunman named William “Billy the Kid” Bonney to join the "Regulators" who lived and worked on his ranch: Doc Scurlock, Jose Chavez y Chavez, Dick Brewer, "Dirty" Steve Stephens, and Charlie Bowdre. Tunstall tries to educate and civilize the young men in his employ, and clashes with rival rancher Lawrence Murphy, a well-connected Irishman in league with the corrupt House.One of Murphy's hired hands, McCloskey, joins up with Tunstall, while Doc attempts to court Murphy's Chinese ward, Yen Sun. As New Year's Day starts, Murphy's men kill Tunstall, leading his lawyer friend Alexander McSween to arrange for the Regulators to be deputized and given warrants for the killers' arrest. Hotheaded Billy challenges Dick's authority as the group's foreman, as the Regulators attempt to take Murphy's henchmen in alive. Instead, Billy kills several unarmed men, including McCloskey, whom he suspected of feeding Murphy information. Newspapers paint the Regulators as a deadly gang headed by a larger-than-life outlaw, "Billy the Kid".With bounty hunters seeking them all over the West and unsure where to go, Chavez leads the others on a peyote trip. One of the men on their warrants, Buckshot Roberts, tracks them down, and a shootout ensues. Roberts barricades himself in an outhouse and kills Dick, and as a reaction, the rest of the Regulators shoot up the outhouse, presumably killing Roberts. This leads the others to flee, while an injured Doc goes a separate way. Chavez reveals that Murphy's corruption led to the brutal murders of his mother and her Navajo tribe, and urged the others to abandon their need for bloodshed. Still, Billy takes charge as their new leader, determined to avenge Tunstall.Doc visits Yen Sun before rejoining the gang, and they kill the corrupt Sheriff William J. Brady and his men. They meet with a furious Alex, who explains that their badges have been revoked. Though they are now wanted men, Billy insists their actions will bring attention to Murphy's corruption. While Charlie revisits a brothel, Billy kills an arrogant bounty hunter at a cantina, and the gang flees to Mexico, where Charlie marries a local woman. Soon-to-be-sheriff Pat Garrett warns Billy that Murphy's men will attempt to take Alex's life the following day.At Alex's house in Lincoln, the gang is surrounded by Murphy's men and famed outlaw John Kinney. Realizing they were lured into a trap, the Regulators survive an entire day's shootout. Corrupt U.S. Army troops arrive at the Houses, as does Murphy himself with Yen, who runs inside and is reunited with Doc. Murphy orders the soldiers to set fire to the house, while Alex's wife leaves unharmed and Chavez slips away. Trapped in the burning attic, the gang throws Alex's possessions out of the window, including a trunk with Billy inside, allowing him to surprise their attackers. In the chaos, Chavez returns with their rescued horses, and Charlie and Kinney shoot each other dead. Doc and Yen ride away, and Steve is shot dead after getting a wounded Chavez onto the remaining horse to ride. Alex is gunned down by a Gatling gun, and Billy escapes after shooting Murphy between the eyes, killing him.An epilogue from Doc reveals that Chavez took work at a farm in California, Doc moved east and married Yen Sun, Alex's widow became one of the most prominent cattlewomen ever, and Murphy's ring of corruption collapsed. Billy continued to ride until he was killed by Garrett and buried next to Charlie at Fort Sumner, where someone later carved the epitaph: "PALS".
233	Under Siege (1992)	Action	The battleship USS Missouri (BB-63) arrives at Pearl Harbor, where President George H. W. Bush announces that the ship will be decommissioned in California. Casey Ryback, a chief petty officer and a culinary specialist, is preparing meals to celebrate commanding officer Captain Adams' birthday, against the orders of executive officer Commander Krill, who has arranged for food and entertainment to be brought by helicopter. Krill provokes a tussle with Ryback. Unable to imprison Ryback in the brig without the captain's approval, Krill detains him in the walk-in fridge, placing Marine Private Nash on guard. The helicopter arrives with a musical band and caterers, accompanied by  Playboy Playmate Jordan Tate.The band and caterers are mercenaries led by disillusioned former CIA operative William Strannix, who takes over the ship, killing several officers and enlisted. The takeover is aided by Krill, who murders Captain Adams. The surviving crew are imprisoned in the forecastle. Ryback hears the gunshots and persuades Nash to call the bridge. Strannix sends two mercenaries to eliminate Ryback and Nash. Nash is killed, but Ryback kills both mercenaries. He encounters Tate and reluctantly allows her to tag along.Strannix and his mercenaries seize the ship's weapon systems, shooting down a jet sent to investigate; they plan to cover their escape with missiles to obliterate tracking systems in Pearl Harbor. Strannix's mission is to steal the ship's Tomahawks and load them onto a hijacked North Korean submarine. The Tomahawks would then be sold on the black market to an anti-American nation, likely instigating the Third World War as part of a master plan; Strannix's revenge for an attempted CIA assassination and to make Krill so rich he could "buy the presidency". Strannix contacts Admiral Bates at the Pentagon to make demands but learns Ryback has escaped. Krill discovers Ryback is a former Navy SEAL with extensive training in counterterrorism tactics; Captain Adams had taken Ryback aboard as his cook after Ryback was demoted because he attacked a superior officer who provided inadequate intel for a failed mission in Panama. Strannix appears to recognize Ryback's name. Ryback contacts Bates, who says a Navy SEAL team is underway to retake the ship. Ryback, helped by Tate, moves throughout the ship, eliminating mercenaries. Krill activates the fire suppression system to murder the prisoners with water and to draw out Ryback through ambush, who will likely attempt rescue.Ryback and Tate release five imprisoned sailors, along with visiting WW2 veteran gunner's mate Calaway. They overcome the ambush and shut off the water flooding the forecastle. Ryback shuts down Missouri's weapon systems to allow incoming Navy SEALs to land, but the submarine crew shoots down the helicopter carrying the team. The Pentagon orders an air strike that will sink the Missouri. Strannix regains control of the ship's weapon systems and loads the Tomahawks onto the submarine. Aided by Calaway, Ryback attacks the submarine using the battleship's 16-inch guns, killing the pirates and Krill.His main plan foiled, Strannix launches two retaliatory nuclear-tipped Tomahawks towards Honolulu. As the sailors retake the ship, Ryback enters the control room and encounters Strannix, who it is revealed previously served over Ryback as Ryback recognizes him. Ryback kills Strannix in a knife fight and then uses the launch code disk to destroy the Tomahawk missiles. A jet obliterates one missile, and the other is deactivated; the Navy calls off its airstrike.The remaining crew are released as the ship sails to San Francisco harbor. A funeral ceremony for Captain Adams is held aboard the Missouri, with Tate amongst the crew. Ryback salutes the captain's casket in his formal dress uniform with full decorations.
234	Jaws (1975)	Action, Horror	In the New England beach town of Amity Island, a young woman goes for a late-night ocean swim. An unseen force attacks and pulls her underwater. Her partial remains are found washed up on the beach the next morning. After the coroner concludes it was a shark attack, Amity police chief Martin Brody plans to close the beaches. Mayor Larry Vaughn persuades him to reconsider, fearing the town's summer economy will suffer. The coroner, apparently under pressure, now concurs with the mayor's theory that it was a boating accident. Brody reluctantly accepts their conclusion until young Alex Kintner is killed at a crowded beach. A $3,000 bounty is placed on the shark, causing an amateur shark-hunting frenzy. Quint, an eccentric local shark hunter, offers his services for $10,000. Consulting oceanographer Matt Hooper examines the girl's remains, confirming she was killed by an unusually large shark.When local fishermen catch a tiger shark, Vaughn declares the beaches safe. A skeptical Hooper dissects the shark and, finding no human remains inside its stomach, concludes the killer shark is still active. While searching the night waters in Hooper's boat, Hooper and Brody find the half-sunken boat of Ben Gardner, a local fisherman. Hooper dons a scuba suit and goes underwater to check the boat's hull and finds a large shark tooth embedded into it. He drops the tooth after encountering Gardner's severed head. Vaughn dismisses Brody and Hooper's assertions that a great white shark caused the deaths and refuses to close the beaches, allowing only increased safety precautions. On the Fourth of July weekend, tourists pack the beaches. The shark enters a nearby lagoon, killing a boater and nearly killing Brody's son, Michael, who is hospitalized with shock. Brody then convinces a guilt-ridden Vaughn to hire Quint.Despite initial tension between Quint and Hooper, and Brody's fear of the ocean, the three head out to sea on Quint's boat, the Orca, to hunt for the shark. As Brody lays down a chum line, the shark suddenly appears behind the boat. Quint, estimating it is 25 feet (7.6 m) long and weighs 3 tonnes (3.0 long tons; 3.3 short tons), harpoons it with a line attached to a flotation barrel, but the shark pulls it underwater and disappears.At nightfall, Quint and Hooper drunkenly exchange stories about their assorted body scars. One of Quint's is a removed tattoo; he reveals that during World War II, he survived the sinking of the USS Indianapolis, during which sharks killed many U.S. sailors. The shark returns, ramming the boat's hull and disabling the power. The men work through the night, repairing the engine. In the morning, Brody attempts to call the Coast Guard, but Quint, obsessed with killing the shark without outside assistance, smashes the radio. After a long chase, Quint harpoons the shark with another barrel. The line is tied to the stern cleats, but the shark drags the boat backward, swamping the deck and flooding the engine compartment. As Quint is about to sever the line to save the boat's transom, the cleats break off. The barrels stay attached to the shark. To Brody's relief, Quint speeds the Orca toward shore to draw the shark into shallower waters, but the damaged engine fails.As the boat takes on water, the trio attempt a riskier approach. Hooper suits up and enters a shark-proof cage, intending to lethally inject the shark with strychnine via a hypodermic spear. The shark attacks the cage, causing Hooper to drop the spear. While the shark destroys the cage, Hooper escapes to the ocean bottom. The shark leaps onto the boat's stern, subsequently devouring Quint. Trapped on the sinking vessel, Brody thrusts a scuba tank into the shark's mouth and, climbing onto the crow's nest, shoots the tank with a rifle. The resulting explosion kills the shark. Hooper resurfaces and he and Brody paddle back to shore, clinging to the remaining barrels.
235	Mars Attacks! (1996)	Action, Comedy, Sci-Fi, War	On Mars, a spaceship gathers hundreds of other Martian ships and travels to Earth. President of the United States James Dale, along with his aides, addresses the United States concerning the historic event. Several days later, the President's science aides set up a first contact meeting with the Martians in Pahrump, Nevada, as Dale watches the development on television with his wife Marsha and his daughter Taffy.Using a translation machine, the Martian Ambassador announces that they "come in peace". When a hippie releases a dove as a symbol of peace, the Ambassador shoots it before he and the other Martians massacre most of the people at the event, including General Casey, news reporter Jason Stone, and young private Billy-Glenn Norris, before capturing chat-show host and Stone's co-worker and girlfriend Nathalie Lake and her pet chihuahua, Poppy.Thinking that the Martians assumed that the dove was a symbol of war, Dale tells Professor Donald Kessler to renegotiate with the Martians, whose ambassador later requests to address the United States Congress. At this meeting, the Martians massacre most of Congress. Kessler begs the Martian ambassador to stop, but is knocked unconscious and taken aboard their ship, where he is later shown with his body parts dismembered and his disembodied head remaining animated. General Decker fails to persuade Dale to retaliate with nuclear warfare.After a failed attempt to assassinate Dale in which a disguised Martian is killed, the Martians invade Earth in droves, starting with Washington, D.C. and quickly spreading around the globe. As they attack the White House, the U.S. Secret Service evacuates Dale, but Marsha is crushed to death by the Nancy Reagan chandelier and Taffy is separated from them during the chaos. After the President of France is assassinated by the Martians that night, the U.S. government attempts a nuclear attack on the Martian mothership, but that proves futile and the Martians continue destroying Earth and start defacing and vandalizing world landmarks. Eventually, the Martian leader and two other Martians breach the bunker where Dale has been taken and reduce Decker to the size of an insect before killing him. The Martians kill everyone else in the bunker except for Dale, who makes an impassioned speech in an attempt to plead for peace and his life. The Martian leader appears to be moved by the speech and seemingly agrees to a truce with Dale, but then uses a gadget disguised as a hand to kill him.As the Martians ravage Las Vegas, Byron Williams, a former world champion boxer turned casino employee, leads a small group of survivors consisting of Barbara Land, singer Tom Jones and Byron's co-worker waitress Cindy to escape the city with a small two-engine plane. As soon as they enter the plane, they discover a large group of Martians (along with the ambassador) stationed there as they are preparing to take off. Byron creates a diversion by challenging them to a fistfight. While he succeeds in killing the ambassador, he is outnumbered and overwhelmed by the other Martians, but Tom, Barbara and Cindy escape.While going to rescue his grandmother, Florence, Billy-Glenn's brother Richie discovers that the Martians' heads explode when they hear Slim Whitman's "Indian Love Call". Richie and Florence then drive around town, using the song to kill Martians, and broadcast the song on a local radio station. Thereafter, armed forces broadcast the song around the globe, killing the Martian leader and most, if not all, of the other Martians. Nathalie and Kessler's disembodied heads kiss while the Martian spaceship they are on crashes into the ocean, killing both of them.In the aftermath, Barbara, Cindy, and Jones emerge from a cave with some wild animals to see dozens of crashed Martian ships in Lake Tahoe. Taffy awards Richie and Florence the Medal of Honor. Byron, who survived the Martian brawl, arrives in Washington, D.C. to reunite with his former wife Louise and their two sons Cedric and Neville as the devastation is being cleaned up.
236	Citizen Ruth (1996)	Comedy, Drama	Ruth Stoops is an inebriated addict in Nebraska who is capable of doing nearly anything to get money or drugs. She has four children, all of whom have been taken from her custody by the state because of her inability to care for them. One morning, Ruth and her boyfriend have intercourse on a bed in a flophouse, after which he disrespectfully throws her out of the apartment. Afterward, she visits the home of her brother and sister-in-law to sneak a look at two of her children and beg her brother for money. Despite being family, she waits at the back door similar to a dog. She later goes to a hardware store to buy wood sealant and huffs it in a paper bag in an alley to get high.After Ruth is arrested for her continuing drug use, she discovers that she is pregnant again. At her arraignment, she learns to her horror that she is facing felony charges for endangering a fetus; her many earlier arrests had all been on misdemeanors. The judge, who knows of the situation with Ruth's other children, informs her after the hearing that he will lessen her sentence if she has an abortion. Ruth is bailed out of jail by Norm and Gail Stoney, a middle-aged radical Evangelical couple who have become aware of Ruth's story through the local news. The couple takes her into their home and attempts to persuade her to keep her child. On the first night, Ruth, impervious to their convictions, sneaks out of the house with the couple's reckless teenage daughter, Cheryl, and again huffs paint and smokes marijuana.At the Stoneys' urging, Ruth visits a crisis pregnancy center where she is further persuaded to go forward with her pregnancy, despite her resistance given her limited opportunities and drug problem. After she is found huffing glue at an anti-abortion protest with Gail and Norm, they kick her out of the house. Diane, a friend of Gail's who participates in abortion protests, offers to take Ruth in. Upon arriving at Diane's farmhouse, Diane discloses that she is in fact a lesbian abortion-rights activist and spy who attempts to help women she feels the Stoneys and others prey upon. The witless Ruth soon finds comfort in Diane and her partner, Rachel, as well as Harlan, a gruff disabled veteran and friend of the women who provides security detail for them.After the Stoneys discover Diane was working against them, they stake out Diane's home with numerous other anti-abortion activists and engage in religious song and mass prayer. They offer Ruth $15,000 to keep her child, which Harlan ultimately agrees to match if Ruth goes through with her abortion. The scene becomes a spectacle documented by news stations and is exacerbated when Blaine Gibbons, a charismatic and famous evangelist, arrives to participate. Blaine offers Ruth an additional $15,000 from his ministry to cancel the abortion. After Ruth finds alcohol in the house and gets drunk, Diane chews her out and tells her to sleep it off.On the morning Ruth is to have her abortion, she suffers a miscarriage and becomes disillusioned with Diane, whom she realizes is using her as a pawn to promote her message, similar to the Stoneys. Ruth conceals the miscarriage from Diane and Rachel, and agrees to travel to the abortion clinic with them; the three are escorted via helicopter with renowned abortion-rights activist Jessica Weiss, who saw Ruth's story in the media and felt compelled to help her. Upon arriving at the clinic, Ruth manages to locate the $15,000 Harlan had promised her, which he has stashed behind the front desk, and escapes out of a back window. Though the clinic is surrounded by anti-abortion and abortion-rights picketers alike, they fail to notice Ruth as she walks through the crowd before running down the street with her backpack of money.
237	Jerry Maguire (1996)	Drama, Romance	Jerry Maguire is a slick 35-year-old sports agent working for Sports Management International (SMI). After criticism from an injured player's son triggers an epiphany, he writes a mission statement about perceived dishonesty in business and his desire to work with fewer clients to produce a better, more caring personal relationship with them.In response, SMI management sends Bob Sugar, Jerry's protégé, to fire him. This spurs both men to race to call every one of Jerry's clients to retain them. Jerry speaks to Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Rod Tidwell, one of his smallest clients who is disgruntled with his pay. Rod tests Jerry's resolve through a long tirade on his lack of contract extension. By the conclusion of the conversation, Jerry has retained Rod but lost his other clients to Sugar.Leaving the office, Jerry loudly announces that he will start his own agency and asks if anyone will join him, to which only 26-year-old single mother Dorothy Boyd agrees. Frank "Cush" Cushman, a superstar quarterback prospect who is expected to be the number one pick in the NFL draft, initially says he will also stay with Jerry after he makes a personal visit to the Cushman home. Frank's father insists on a handshake deal based on his word instead of a signed contract, but Jerry eventually realizes that Cush and his father have secretly signed with Sugar the night before the NFL draft after seeing Jerry spend time to introduce Rod to other football executives.After an argument, Jerry breaks up with his disgruntled fiancée Avery who was emotionally unsupportive. He then turns to Dorothy, becoming closer to her young son, Ray, and eventually starts a romantic relationship with her.Jerry concentrates all his efforts on Rod, now his only remaining client, who turns out to be difficult to satisfy. In need of money, Jerry calls in a favor to get a contract extension from Rod's current team, the Arizona Cardinals, but receives a lowball offer and Rod needs that 10 million dollar deal for his family to live on. Rod and his wife decide to pass on the offer despite Jerry's warning that if he gets injured, he will receive nothing.Without any money coming in, Dorothy knows that Jerry is unable to afford payroll, so she decides to move to San Diego for a more secure job offer with health benefits. Afraid of losing her, Jerry proposes marriage to share health benefits, and as she is smitten, she agrees.Over the next several months, Rod and Jerry grow closer through a series of open and difficult conversations as they struggle to secure him a contract; Rod tells Jerry that he wants him to be honest, while Jerry tells Rod, "help me help you," convincing him to stop complaining and start playing with his heart. Rod takes Jerry's advice, playing well and advancing the Cardinals. Jerry's marriage with Dorothy struggles however, so she suggests they amicably separate before losing too much of their lives to each other.During a Christmas Day Monday Night Football game between the Cardinals and the Dallas Cowboys, Rod catches a winning touchdown that secures the playoffs for the Cardinals, but appears to receive a serious injury. After a few scary minutes, he regains consciousness and celebrates with a dance for the wildly cheering crowd. After the scare and the widely televised recovery, Jerry and Rod embrace in front of the media and show how their relationship has progressed from strictly business to a close personal one, which was one of the points Jerry made in his mission statement.Triggering a realization, Jerry immediately flies home, finding Dorothy in a meeting of her sister's divorcee support group. The group watches as Jerry gives an impassioned speech telling Dorothy he needs her and "you complete me," to which she responds, "shut up… you had me at hello."Rod appears on ESPN's Up Close with Roy Firestone. On air, he learns Jerry has secured him a massive $11.2 million contract with the Cardinals, allowing him to finish his pro football career in Arizona. Rod breaks down and thanks everyone, extending warm gratitude to Jerry. Jerry and Dorothy celebrate as Jerry is introduced to other pro athletes who have seen his work with Rod.Jerry and Dorothy are then seen walking with Ray, discussing about Ray's future as a baseball player after noticing his strong throw.
238	Raising Arizona (1987)	Comedy	Convenience store robber Herbert ("H.I." or "Hi") McDunnough meets police officer Edwina ("Ed") when she takes his mugshot after each of several arrests in Tempe, Arizona. He learns that Ed's fiancé has left her and proposes after release from prison. They marry and move into a desert mobile home, and Hi works in a machine shop. They want children, but Ed is infertile and they cannot adopt due to Hi's criminal record.Hi and Ed learn of the quintuplet sons born to regional furniture magnate Nathan Arizona. They kidnap one of the babies, whom they believe to be Nathan Jr., intending to start a family. Soon afterward, Hi's former cellmates Gale and Evelle Snoats escape from prison and visit the couple. They persuade Hi to shelter them and tempt him to return to his former criminal life. That night, Hi has a nightmare of monstrous biker Leonard Smalls.Hi's foreman Glen visits with his large and unruly family the next day. Glen and wife Dot offer parenting advice amid their children's misbehavior, but when Glen suggests that he and Hi exchange wives, Hi punches Glen in the face. That night, Hi succumbs to robbing a convenience store while buying diapers, leading to a chase with police and a pack of dogs that he manages to outrun. As Ed and Nathan Jr. sleep, Hi decides to leave his family to join Gale and Evelle in a bank robbery.The next morning, Smalls approaches Nathan Sr. and reveals himself as a bounty hunter. When Nathan Sr. rejects Smalls' offer to bring back Nathan Jr. for $50,000, Smalls decides to do the job anyway and threatens to sell the baby on the black market. Glen returns to fire Hi, revealing his inference that Hi and Ed kidnapped Nathan Jr. Glen threatens to turn them in unless they agree to give the baby to him and Dot. Overhearing this, Gale and Evelle overpower Hi and kidnap Nathan Jr. themselves. Hi and Ed resolve to rescue him.Gale and Evelle grow attached to Nathan Jr. The two nearly leave him behind while robbing a convenience store, then forget him again during the bank robbery. A dye pack explodes in their stolen money sack, covering them and the getaway car interior with blue dye.  The distraction allows Smalls to capture the baby before Hi and Ed arrive. In the ensuing struggle, Ed grabs Nathan Jr. while Smalls severely beats Hi. Hi pulls the pin from one of the hand grenades clipped to Smalls' vest, causing them all to explode and kill Smalls.Hi and Ed sneak back into the Arizona home to return Nathan Jr. but Nathan Sr. catches them.  Nathan Sr. sympathizes with their motives and decides not to report them to the authorities. Learning that Hi and Ed are considering a divorce, he suggests that they think about it first.While sleeping beside Ed that night, Hi has a series of prophetic dreams. Gale and Evelle return to prison, having realized that they are not ready for society and now desire to reform like Hi did; Glen is arrested by a Polish-American police officer who is unamused by the ethnic jokes he tells; and Nathan Jr. becomes a high school football star with Hi and Ed anonymously watching and encouraging him. Later he dreams of an elderly couple with a large, wholesome family, and wonders whether this was a vision of him and Ed, or of Utah.
239	Sneakers (1992)	Crime, Drama, Sci-Fi	In 1969, student hackers and long-time friends Martin Brice and Cosmo use their skills to reallocate money from causes they consider evil to noble but underfunded causes designed to help the world. Martin leaves for food just before the police arrive, arresting Cosmo and forcing Martin into hiding.Decades later, in San Francisco, Martin, using the alias Martin Bishop, heads a penetration testing security specialist team that includes former CIA operative Donald Crease, technician and conspiracy theorist Darren "Mother" Roskow, hacking prodigy Carl Arbogast, and blind phone phreak Irwin "Whistler" Emery. After the team successfully infiltrates a bank to demonstrate their inadequate security, Martin is approached by two NSA agents. The men are aware of Martin's true identity and offer to clear his name and pay him $175,000 to recover a Russian-funded black box device codenamed "Setec Astronomy" from mathematician Gunter Janek. With assistance from his ex-girlfriend Liz, Martin and his team secure the box. However, they discover the device is a code breaker capable of infiltrating the most secure computer networks including financial and government systems. Martin realizes "Setec Astronomy" is an anagram of "too many secrets" and locks everyone down in their office until the device can be delivered to the NSA.The following day, Martin hands the box to the agents, but Crease warns him to run after learning that Janek was murdered the night before. The team learns the box was actually funded by the NSA and the agents are imposters. Martin's friend Gregor, a spy in the Russian consulate, identifies one of them as a former NSA agent now working for a powerful crime organization. Men impersonating FBI agents arrive and kill Gregor, framing Martin by using his gun, before transporting Martin to an unknown location where it is revealed they are working for Cosmo. Because of his hacking talents, Cosmo had secured an early release from prison and was recruited by a crime organization to manage their illicit finances. Although the box could infiltrate their illegal networks, Cosmo wants it so he can finish what he and Martin started in 1969, destroying financial and ownership records to render the rich and poor as equals. He asks Martin to join him, but he refuses, considering Cosmo's plan extreme. Cosmo uses the box to access the FBI's systems and link Martin's current and former identities, making him a fugitive again. Martin is knocked unconscious and returned to the city.To conceal their presence, Martin relocates his team to Liz's apartment. They contact NSA director of operations Bernard Abbott who will assist them if they recover the box. Whistler uses the sounds Martin can recall from his abduction to identify Cosmo's office in the PlayTronics toy company. Researching the building's security, the team identifies Werner Brandes, an employee, and manipulate a dating service to connect him with Liz. During the date she steals his access codes which allows Martin to infiltrate PlayTronics, but Brandes becomes suspicious of Liz and takes her to his office. Cosmo realizes she is involved with Martin and locks down the facility, taking Liz hostage. Martin surrenders and Cosmo pleads with Martin to join him, but he refuses after turning over the box. Unable to kill his friend, Cosmo allows Martin and his team to leave, but discovers Martin gave him an empty box.On arriving back at their office, Martin's team is surrounded by Abbott and his agents. Martin realizes that the box can only be used by the NSA to hack into systems belonging to the USA, such as the FBI and White House. To ensure their silence on the matter, Abbott acquiesces to the team's demands, including clearing Martin's record, sending Crease on a long holiday with his wife, buying Mother a Winnebago, and giving Carl the telephone number of an attractive NSA agent. After the agents leave, Martin reveals the box is useless because he has removed the core component.A news report announces the sudden bankruptcy of the Republican National Committee and the simultaneous receipt of large anonymous donations to Amnesty International, Greenpeace and the United Negro College Fund.
240	Beavis and Butt-head Do America (1996)	Animation, Comedy	In Highland, Texas, in 1998, Beavis and Butt-Head accidentally burn down their high school science fair. Believing they are at-risk youth, a judge sends them to space camp at the Johnson Space Center, where they become engrossed in a docking simulator. Impressed, the NASA astronaut Captain Serena Ryan invites them to train as astronauts, which they mistake as an offer for sex. They undergo training and board the Space Shuttle Endeavour to study a micro black hole.In space, Beavis and Butt-Head create a catastrophe. When Serena volunteers to sacrifice herself, they mistake this for another offer of sex. They put on their spacesuits, and watch Serena through a window as she prepares to change. Enraged, Serena uses the shuttle controls to fling them into space, where they are sucked into the black hole.The boys emerge in Galveston in 2022. The Pentagon detects their arrival and begins tracking them; Serena, now governor of Texas, vows to kill them to cover up her attempted murder. The boys meet intelligent versions of themselves from another universe, Smart Beavis and Smart Butt-Head, who explain that they have two days to enter a portal on top of Mount Everest to prevent the destruction of the multiverse.Beavis and Butt-Head acquire an iPhone and accidentally activate Siri, which they mistake for Serena; Beavis develops feelings for her. When Siri offers to set up their smart home, they believe Serena is waiting for them in Highland. After Beavis becomes trapped in a port-a-potty, he and Butt-Head are transported to a university. Smart Beavis and Smart Butt-Head urge them to enter the portal, which they have moved nearby, but instead they wander into a gender studies class, where the professor lectures them on white privilege. Taking this to mean they have the right to do whatever they want, they steal a police car and are arrested. In jail, Beavis takes pills given to him by an inmate, transforms into his hyperactive alter ego Cornholio, and incites an uprising. Discovering that the boys seemingly died in 1998, the warden decides that they are angels and releases them.The boys arrive home, expecting to find Serena, but find it has been placed for sale. They blame each other and separate, but are quickly abducted by government officials. Serena's downtrodden lieutenant, Jim Hartson, covertly frees the boys, saying he knows what Serena did to them. Smart Beavis and Butt-Head urge them to enter the portal, but the boys ignore them.All parties arrive at Beavis and Butt-Head's house. As Serena is about to shoot them, she realizes they are not her enemies, only foolish teenagers. Smart Beavis and Smart Butt-Head urge Beavis and Butt-Head to enter the portal, but Hartson is accidentally sucked in instead, closing the rift and saving the multiverse. Smart Beavis and smart Butthead acknowledge that possibly anything could have worked and they were making it more complicated by saying only Beavis and Butt-head could stop the portal, and acknowledge that while they are the smartest versions they are still not the brightest in existence. As Beavis attempts to express his love to Serena, Smart Beavis interrupts and offers to show her the cosmos; she leaves with him and Smart Butt-Head. In exchange for their silence, the government gives Beavis and Butt-Head their home back in its original condition. In another universe, the assembled alternative Beavises and Butt-Heads applaud Smart Beavis for becoming the first Beavis to have sex, although Serena does not return his calls.
241	Last of the Mohicans, The (1992)	Action, Romance, War	In 1757, during the French and Indian War, Mohican Chingachgook, his son Uncas and his white, adopted son "Hawkeye" are travelling through the upstate New York wilderness. Stopping at the farm of a friend, they learn of the British Army's intent to incorporate the colonial militia into their forces to fight against the French and their Indian allies. While some of the colonials and local Indian tribes agree to join the militia on condition that they will be released to defend their homes should the French/Indians attack, Hawkeye, the Mohicans and others show no interest.British Army Major Duncan Heyward arrives in Albany, New York, reports to commanding officer General Jerome Webb and is assigned to Colonel Edmund Munro, the commander of Fort William Henry in the Adirondack Mountains. Heyward is tasked with escorting Munro's two daughters, Cora and Alice, to their father. Before they leave, Heyward asks Cora to marry him, but she asks for more time before giving her answer.A Huron named Magua, masquerading as a Mohawk ally, is tasked with guiding Heyward, the two women, and a troop of British soldiers to the fort, but instead leads them into an ambush that kills most of the soldiers. Hawkeye, Chingachgook and Uncas, who had been tracking the Huron war party, arrive and kill all of the Hurons except Magua, who escapes. The trio agrees to take the women and Heyward to the fort. Reaching their friends' farm, they find their friends massacred by an enemy Ottawa war party, but do not stop to bury the victims so as not to alert the Hurons to their having been there. As their journey continues, Cora and Hawkeye are attracted to each other, while Uncas begins to show an interest in Alice.They find the fort under siege by the French and their Huron allies, but manage to sneak in. Colonel Munro is surprised to see his daughters, as he had sent a letter to them in Albany warning them to stay away, which never reached them. During the siege, a romance blossoms between Hawkeye and Cora. Heyward becomes jealous of Hawkeye when Cora tells Heyward she will not accept his marriage proposal. A militiaman sets out at night to try to reach General Webb at Fort Edward with a dispatch for reinforcements, with Hawkeye, Chingachgook and Uncas providing covering fire from the fort.Hawkeye and the militiamen confront Munro about the agreement with Webb that the militiamen could leave to protect their homesteads if they were threatened. After Heyward deliberately lies about the massacre at the farm, Munro refuses to honor the agreement. Hawkeye helps the men sneak away, and is arrested for sedition and sentenced to hang. In a parley with French General Louis-Joseph de Montcalm, when Munro learns that Webb will send no reinforcements, he is forced to accept Montcalm's terms of surrender, which include the promise that the British can leave the fort honorably with their arms. Magua is furious because he bears a personal grudge against Munro, whom he blames for the murder of his family and his own enslavement by the Mohawks, and Montcalm tacitly agrees to allow Magua to attack the British once they have left the fort.Once Munro, his soldiers, and the civilians (with Hawkeye still a prisoner) have left the fort and traveled some distance, Huron warriors led by Magua attack and massacre them. Munro's horse is killed by Magua and falls on top of him, trapping him; Magua promises him that he will kill his daughters and then cuts out his heart. Chingachgook and Uncas free Hawkeye, and they fight their way out of the massacre, taking Cora, Alice, Heyward and a soldier via canoe across a lake and down river. They hide in a cave behind a waterfall, but Magua and the Hurons find them. Before Hawkeye, Uncas and Chingachgook escape by leaping from the waterfall, Hawkeye tells Cora to stay alive and swears that he will find her.Magua takes his three prisoners to a Huron settlement, with Hawkeye, Chingachgook and Uncas in pursuit. While Magua is addressing a sachem, Hawkeye walks in unarmed as a parley to plead for their lives. The sachem rules that Heyward is to be returned to the British, Alice be given to Magua for the wrongs done to him by Munro, and Cora be burned alive. Magua, enraged at the sachem's statement that Magua's actions show that his way is not the true Huron way and his decision about the captives, storms off with his warriors, taking Alice with them.  Although Hawkeye is told he may leave in peace for his bravery, he offers to take Cora's place. Heyward, who is acting as interpreter, instead tells the Hurons to take his own life for Cora's. As Hawkeye is leaving the village with Cora, he shoots Heyward, who is being burned alive, as an act of mercy.Chingachgook, Uncas and Hawkeye then pursue Magua's party to rescue Alice. Uncas races ahead on a cliffside path and kills several of the Hurons in combat, but is killed by Magua and thrown off the cliff's edge. Devastated to see Uncas' death, Alice refuses to remain with Magua and commits suicide by jumping off the same cliff. Enraged, Hawkeye and Chingachgook catch up to the Hurons and kill many of them. Hawkeye then holds the rest at gunpoint, allowing Chingachgook to fight and kill Magua himself, avenging Uncas' death. Afterward, with Hawkeye and Cora by his side, Chingachgook prays to the Great Spirit to receive Uncas, proclaiming himself "the last of the Mohicans".
242	Kolya (1996)	Comedy	The film begins in 1988 in Soviet-occupied Czechoslovakia. František Louka, a middle-aged man dedicated to bachelorhood and the pursuit of women, is a concert cellist struggling to eke out a living by playing funerals at the Prague crematoriums. He has lost his previous job at the Czech Philharmonic, having been blacklisted as "politically unreliable" by the authorities. A friend offers him a chance to earn a great deal of money through a sham marriage to a Russian woman to enable her to stay in Czechoslovakia. The woman then uses her new citizenship to emigrate to West Germany, where her boyfriend lives.Due to a concurrence of circumstances, she has to leave behind her 5-year-old son, Kolya, for the disgruntled Czech musician to look after. At first Louka and Kolya have communication difficulties, as they don't speak each other's languages and the many false friend words that exist in Czech and Russian add to the confusion. Gradually, though, a bond forms between Louka and Kolya. The child suffers from suspected meningitis and has to be placed on a course of carefully monitored antibiotics. Louka is threatened with imprisonment for his suspect marriage and the child may be placed in a Soviet children's home. The Velvet Revolution intervenes though, and Kolya is reunited with his mother. Louka and Kolya say their goodbyes.Louka returns to the Czech Philharmonic and plays Má Vlast with the orchestra under the conductor Rafael Kubelík at the Old Town Square in 1990, while his pregnant girlfriend Klára watches from the crowd.
243	Jungle2Jungle (1997)	Children's, Comedy	Conrad Pope is an American composer and orchestrator. He has worked on numerous films and has collaborated with composers such as John Williams, James Newton Howard, Alan Silvestri, Danny Elfman, Mark Isham, James Horner, John Powell, Alexandre Desplat, and Howard Shore.
244	Smilla's Sense of Snow (1997)	Action, Drama, Thriller	In 1859, a meteorite streaks across the sky and crashes into the Gela Alta glacier in western Greenland, causing a massive explosion that kills an Inuk fisherman.In present-day Copenhagen, Smilla Jaspersen, a transplanted Greenlander, is studying ice crystals at a university lab. Although an Arctic ice specialist, Smilla has not completed her credentials and is unemployed, with a troubled past. When she returns to her apartment complex at the end of the day, she finds the body of six-year-old Isaiah Christiansen, a neighbor Inuk boy. He is lying in the snow by the edge of the building. The police say that he must have been playing and fallen from the roof. Smilla knew he was afraid of heights and, on the roof, sees that his footprints show he ran straight to the edge of the roof, as if threatened.At the morgue Smilla meets with Dr. Lagermann. She is surprised when he tells her that a prominent professor, Dr. Johannes Loyen, performed the autopsy on the boy, who was from a poor working-class family. When she consults with Loyen the next day, he declares the boy's death to be an accident. Unconvinced, Smilla files a complaint with the District Attorney. She goes to Lagermann's home seeking more information, and he says that he found a puncture wound on the boy's thigh, made by a biopsy needle after his death. He also says that Loyen was examining the boy every month.At the funeral, Smilla notices Dr. Andreas Tork, the CEO of Greenland Mining, offering money to Isaiah's mother, who rejects it angrily. Following her husband's accidental death in Greenland in mining, the company had offered her a pension. Detective Ravn from the District Attorney's office agrees to look into the case, but Smilla discovers he is involved with Tork. Smilla tracks down the company's former accountant, and gains access to a company report about activities in Greenland. A neighbor mechanic becomes involved and offers to help her.Detective Ravn threatens Smilla with jail for stealing Greenland Mining property. She agrees to suspend her investigation but, after learning from Isaiah's mother that her husband died from something in the mine's melt water, she continues. Smilla asks her father, Moritz Jaspersen, to help her in making sense of the Expedition Report; he agrees to look into it.At the apartment complex, Smilla searches around Isaiah's former hiding place by a stairwell, and discovers a cassette tape hidden behind the wall. Unable to understand the audio, she takes the tape to a blind audio expert, Licht. Shortly after he tells her that it is Isaiah's father talking to his son, Licht is murdered. Smilla barely escapes with her life and the mechanic picks her up. They follow their pursuers to a ship, which Tork is preparing for another Greenland expedition.Smilla's father shows her medical x-rays from the report, which reveal that a type of lethal, prehistoric "Arctic worm," long thought to be extinct, apparently was the cause of the "accidental" deaths of mine workers. When the worm entered individual's bodies and attacked organs, it caused toxic shock and death.Aided by others, Smilla gets aboard the mining ship as an employee. She meets Nils Jakkelsen, who helps her discover videotapes that reveal the mining company had discovered an energy-producing meteorite along with the parasitic worm.Tork believes the meteorite will give his company a dominant position in the industry. There is also a video tape of Prof. Loyen medically examining Isaiah. Smilla is chased throughout the ship by Tork's men, who kill Nils. Smilla is helped again by the mechanic, who tells her he has been working for the government to investigate the company.As the ship approaches shore, Smilla leaves and makes her way across the frozen landscape. She finds the entrance to the Greenland Mining ice cave, where the company is conducting research on the meteorite. Prof. Loyen is among those present. Tork explains that Isaiahs father was a diver who went into the water around the meteorite and contracted the parasitic worm. Isaiah was also potentially infected as well. Prof. Loyen then monitored Isaiah for a time to see if he was indeed infected. An armed confrontation takes place, but Smilla is rescued by the mechanic and another man. During a struggle, Prof. Loyen falls into the icy pool (containing said meteorite) in the cave, instantly freezing to death (as he sinks below the depths). Tork is wounded and runs out across the ice. Smilla pursues him and recounts what happened with Isaiah. Tork had followed the boy home in hopes of recovering the recording and in the resulting pursuit, Isaiah fled to the roof of his building and fell off the edge. From outside, the mechanic/agent sets off a powerful bomb that destroys the cave and buries all still inside.The resulting waves cause Tork to fall from the ice and drown in the freezing water. Smilla gazes over the landscape of ice and snow, the land of her childhood.
245	Devil's Own, The (1997)	Action, Drama, Thriller, War	In 1972 Northern Ireland, eight-year-old Frankie McGuire witnesses his father gunned down for portraying republican sympathies.Twenty years later in Belfast, Frankie and three fellow IRA members are ambushed by the British Army and Special Reconnaissance Unit agents. Two of the IRA gunmen are killed, but Frankie and his comrade Sean Phelan escape after managing to kill three soldiers, a civilian and four rival loyalists. Pursued by a British Army helicopter, Frankie's commander Martin MacDuff decides that the IRA needs Stinger missiles to fight back.Under the alias "Rory Devaney", Frankie arrives in New York City to buy missiles. American Judge Peter Fitzsimmons, a longtime IRA supporter, arranges for him to stay with Irish-American NYPD Sergeant Tom O'Meara, his wife Sheila, and their three daughters on Staten Island. Believing that "Rory" is an immigrant construction worker, Tom and his family welcome Frankie into their home.Sean reunites with Frankie, acquiring an old fishing boat to smuggle the missiles home. Frankie cuts a deal with black market arms dealer and Irish mobster Billy Burke to receive the missiles in several weeks time. Fitzsimmons has the money for the deal delivered to Frankie by Megan Doherty, another IRA operative posing as his family's nanny, and Frankie hides the duffel bag of cash in the O'Meara's basement. Megan later warns Frankie that MacDuff has been killed by British authorities and they must postpone the deal, much to Burke's displeasure.After lying to protect his partner, Eddie Diaz, for fatally shooting an unarmed thief in the back, a guilt-stricken Tom decides to retire from the force. He comes clean to Sheila and they return home, only to be confronted by masked intruders. Frankie arrives and he and Tom fight off the intruders as Sheila calls the police, but they are held at gunpoint until sirens approach and the assailants flee. Frankie confronts Burke for sending his men to steal the money, shooting one of the attackers in the knee, but Burke reveals that he is holding Sean hostage and demands payment for the missiles.Realizing that the intruders were searching Frankie's room in the basement, Tom discovers the duffel bag of cash. Confronted by Tom, Frankie reveals his true identity, but Tom has called Eddie and they arrest him. Stuck in traffic en route to the police station, Frankie overpowers Tom and takes his gun, mortally wounding Eddie when he draws his own gun, but is forced to flee without the money.With Eddie dead, Tom is questioned by the FBI and their British counterparts and realizes that they intend to kill Frankie, who meets Burke at an abandoned warehouse. Demanding the money, Burke presents Frankie with the missiles as well as Sean's severed head, and Frankie hands over a duffel bag rigged with a bomb. The resulting explosion allows Frankie to kill Burke and his men, and he drives off with the missiles.Frankie goes to Megan at the Fitzsimmons' residence, determined to complete his mission and deliver the missiles to Ireland. Downstairs, Tom interrupts a cocktail party and confronts the judge, before recognizing Megan from a photo in Frankie's bag, but Frankie escapes. Tom convinces Megan that only he can save Frankie from being killed by the authorities, and she directs him to the boat.At the dock, Tom sneaks aboard as Frankie sets sail with the missiles, leading to a shootout. Tom is wounded and disarmed, and Frankie prepares to kill him but realizes he too has been shot. Tom embraces a dying Frankie, recognizing that they both were fighting for causes they believe in, before steering the boat back to shore.
246	Chasing Amy (1997)	Drama, Romance	While promoting their comic Bluntman and Chronic at a comic book convention in the Manhattan borough of New York City, comic book artists and lifelong best friends Holden McNeil and Banky Edwards meet Alyssa Jones. A struggling writer working on her own comic Idiosyncratic Routine, Alyssa is friends with Hooper, an African-American activist writer who militantly masks his flamboyantly gay personality to promote his comic White-Hating Coon. Immediately attracted to her, Holden soon discovers her lesbianism while at an East Village bar called the Meow Mix.Holden and Alyssa soon bond, as they grew up in the same area of New Jersey, with Holden and Banky being natives of Highlands and Alyssa being a native of Middletown. This upsets the homophobic Banky, who resents Alyssa for intervening in their affairs. The duo's business partnership also suffers, as they had almost signed a lucrative deal to adapt Bluntman and Chronic into an animated television series, and Banky feels that Holden has abandoned their project.Unable to conceal his feelings any longer, Holden eventually confesses his love to Alyssa. She is initially angry and upset with him, but they later reconcile and begin a romantic relationship that night, which worsens things with Banky when he encounters them sleeping on his couch in the duo's shared studio Bank-Hold-Up in Red Bank the next morning. Banky encounters an old friend of his, who grew up with Alyssa and tells him she participated in a ménage à trois with two boys back in high school, which earned her the nickname "Finger Cuffs". Banky relays the story to Holden, who becomes deeply disturbed by the revelation, having believed that he is the first man Alyssa had ever slept with.Believing that Banky is jealously in love with Holden, disguising his true feelings with macho sexual banter, Hooper advises Holden to be honest and truthful and ask Alyssa about her past. The following night at a hockey game, Holden confronts her and clumsily attempts to bait her into confessing, which she eventually does, and she storms out of the arena. In the parking lot, she angrily confirms the threesome but defends her past sexual experiences, wanting to continue their relationship. Holden leaves feeling unsure.Later, Holden meets Jay and Silent Bob, the inspirations for the characters Bluntman and Chronic, for lunch at a local diner. He hands them their monthly residual pay for book sales and discusses his troubles regarding Alyssa. The normally-mute Bob reveals that a couple of years earlier, he had a girlfriend named Amy in a relationship mirroring Holden's. Although he loved her, his insecurities about her past promiscuity caused him to break up with her. He regretted it and has since spent a long time "chasing Amy".Inspired by Bob's story, Holden devises a plan to fix both his relationship with Alyssa and his fractured friendship with Banky. He invites them over and tells Alyssa that he would like to get over her past and remain her boyfriend while telling Banky that he realizes that he is in love with Holden, kissing him passionately to prove it. He proposes a threesome, which he believes will both end his envy towards Alyssa's broader experiences and resolve Banky's issues with them being a couple. The initially shocked Banky agrees to participate, but is relieved when an appalled Alyssa declines, reasoning that the offensive proposal will not salvage their relationship. Alyssa and Banky both silently depart.One year later, at a convention, Banky, while promoting his own comic Baby Dave, reveals to a fan that he now owns the publishing and creative rights to Bluntman and Chronic, having dissolved his partnership with Holden. Holden silently congratulates Banky on the success of Baby Dave, and Banky gestures him over to a booth hosted by Alyssa, encouraging him to speak to her. During their brief emotional conversation, Holden gives her a copy of Chasing Amy, his new comic based on their failed relationship, and asks her to contact him if she has anything to say about it. After he departs, Alyssa's new girlfriend arrives and asks about him. Smiling and teary-eyed, Alyssa feigns indifference, casually moves his comic aside, and dismissively replies, "Oh, just some guy I knew."
247	Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie (1997)	Action, Adventure, Children's	On the planet Liaria, a wizard named Lerigot is being hunted down by Divatox; an intergalactic space pirate, who seeks his golden key to traverse an inter-dimensional gateway and enter into matrimony with Maligore, an imprisoned demon who promises her great riches and power. Lerigot escapes Divatox's forces and travels to Earth in search of Zordon and his friend Alpha 5, but inadvertently arrives in Africa. Weakened by the sun's ultraviolet rays, Lerigot meets a tribe of chimpanzees and wanders off with them. Meanwhile, Divatox heads for Earth in pursuit.In Angel Grove, Rocky DeSantos, Adam Park, and Tommy Oliver train for a charity fighting competition to save the Youth Shelter, when Rocky accidentally injures his back. Katherine Hillard and Tanya Sloan arrive with Justin Stewart, a child who admires Rocky and frequents the shelter. As Rocky is taken to a hospital, Justin follows the group and learns they are Power Rangers. Zordon sends Tommy and Katherine to search for Lerigot. They find him and return to the Power Chamber.Searching for two human sacrifices to revive Maligore, Divatox's nephew Elgar, abducts Farkus "Bulk" Bulkmeier and Eugene "Skull" Skullovitch, but Divatox rejects them for not being pure of heart. Upon finding Kimberly Hart and Jason Lee Scott, who are scuba diving nearby, Divatox captures them. While recovering, Lerigot is contacted by Divatox, who has captured his family and demands he surrender himself. Divatox also uses Kimberly and Jason to pressure the Rangers. At the exchange site, Elgar tricks the Rangers and captures Lerigot.Zordon and Alpha create new powers for the Rangers to defeat Divatox. With these new Turbo powers and new vehicular Turbo Zords, the Rangers travel across the desert to a ship called the Ghost Galleon. They are joined by Justin, who has received Rocky's Blue Ranger powers during his recovery. On Divatox's submarine, Jason and Kimberly devise an escape plan, but though Bulk, Skull, and Kimberly escape the sub, Jason is trapped and left behind.After Divatox and the Rangers traverse the Nemesis Triangle and reach the island where Maligore is, Divatox destroys the Ghost Galleon and the Rangers narrowly escape. Kimberly is recaptured and brought to Divatox by the tribal natives of the island who worship Maligore as their god. At the temple in the volcano, the Rangers fail to free Jason and Kimberly before they are possessed by Maligore and attack the Rangers mercilessly, but the Rangers succeed in freeing Lerigot and his wife Yara, who undo the possession.A frustrated Divatox sacrifices her nephew and successfully revives Maligore. The Rangers combined their Turbo Zords and form the Turbo Megazord to fight Maligore. They defeat him as Divatox and Rygog flee, vowing vengeance. The Rangers pick up Jason, Kimberly, Lerigot, Yara, Bulk and Skull and return to Angel Grove. At the competition, Jason wins the fight in Rocky's place, earning the money to save the shelter.
248	Grosse Pointe Blank (1997)	Comedy, Crime	Martin Blank, a professional assassin based in Los Angeles, is preparing for a job when his assistant Marcella informs him that he has received an invitation to his ten-year high school reunion. Fellow assassin Grocer approaches Martin about joining his up-and-coming assassin's union, which Martin refuses as he prefers to work alone. On a job in Miami, Martin's attempt to stage his target's cause of death as natural causes goes wrong, and he is forced to shoot the target. His client demands that he make amends by killing a federal whistleblower in Detroit, close to his hometown of Grosse Pointe, where the reunion is taking place.Martin discovers that his childhood home in Grosse Pointe has been replaced by a convenience store and that his widowed and estranged mother Mary, to whom he had been anonymously sending money, is living in a nursing home and has dementia. He reconnects with his childhood friend, Paul Spericki, and high school sweetheart, Debi Newberry, a local radio disc jockey whom he had abandoned on prom night to enlist in the army.Martin is stalked by fellow hitman Felix LaPoubelle, who attempts to kill him by blowing up the convenience store. He is also followed by two NSA agents, Lardner and McCullers, who were tipped off to his contract by Grocer. Martin remains distracted by his desire to reconcile with Debi and procrastinates in opening the dossier on his target. Grocer tracks down Martin and tells him that Felix was hired by a wealthy dog owner whose prized retriever was killed on one of Martin's previous assignments. Martin replies that he knows Grocer made the agents follow him and again refuses to join the union.Debi is conflicted about her feelings for Martin, but he persuades her to attend the reunion with him. There, the two rekindle their relationship and plan to leave together, but Martin is attacked by Felix and kills him; Debi stumbles upon the scene and flees the reunion in horror. She later confronts Martin in his hotel room, where he explains that psychological testing by the army indicated a "moral flexibility" in him that prompted the CIA to recruit him as an assassin, after which he decided to become a freelance hitman. He assures Debi that he accepts only contracts on corrupt individuals, but his efforts to justify his work disgust her and she rejects his attempts at reconciliation.Martin retires from contract killing, provides Marcella with a large severance package, fires his psychiatrist and finally opens the dossier detailing the contract that brought him to Grosse Pointe; he discovers the target is Debi's father Bart, who is scheduled to testify against Martin's client. Grocer decides to kill Bart himself to impress Martin's client and eliminate Martin as a competitor. Martin abandons the contract and saves Bart, taking him home; Grocer, his cohorts and the NSA agents descend upon the house. During the siege, Martin tells Debi that he left her on prom night to protect her from his homicidal urges, but that he has fallen in love with her again and developed a different outlook on life. He kills Grocer's henchmen before he and Grocer both kill the NSA agents. Out of ammunition, the two fight before Martin cracks Grocer's head with a television set.Martin proposes marriage to Debi, who is too stunned by the killing spree to respond, though Bart gives him his blessing. Martin and Debi later leave Grosse Pointe together, with Debi confessing on her pre-recorded final radio show that she has decided to give love another chance.
249	Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery (1997)	Comedy	In 1967, Austin Powers is a flamboyant British spy, renowned for his charm, style, and embodiment of the era's free-spirited, hedonistic ethos. Unable to defeat Austin at this time, his nemesis Dr. Evil cryogenically freezes himself, intending to return when free love has waned, and greed and corruption dominate once more. Austin volunteers for cryostasis to counter Dr. Evil's eventual return.In 1997, Dr. Evil is revived and discovers that many of the evil schemes he planned to commit, like damaging the ozone layer and fabricating a sexual scandal involving Prince Charles, had already occurred without his involvement. Meanwhile, his henchman, Number Two, has transformed Virtucon, the legitimate front of Evil's empire, into a multibillion-dollar corporation. Uninterested in business, Dr. Evil conspires to hold the world ransom with nuclear weapons for $1 million—only to learn this is now an insignificant sum—and increases his demand to $100 billion. He also meets his teenage son, Scott, conceived with his preserved sperm. Scott, angry at his father due to his absence, rejects Dr. Evil's attempts to bond. The British Ministry of Defence revives Austin and assigns agent Vanessa Kensington, daughter of his former partner Mrs. Kensington, to help him adjust to the 1990s. Unlike her mother, who shared an unspoken love with Austin, the no-nonsense Vanessa is unimpressed by his outdated attitude toward casual sex and relationships. However, his charm and romantic side eventually win her over.Undercover as a married couple, Austin and Vanessa travel to Las Vegas to track Number Two and his secretary, Alotta Fagina. Austin infiltrates Alotta's penthouse and discovers Project Vulcan, Dr. Evil's plan to detonate a nuclear warhead at the Earth's core, triggering global volcanic eruptions. Alotta seduces Austin to learn his identity. Realizing Austin is closing in, Dr. Evil deploys fembots—irresistibly beautiful androids with machine guns concealed in their breasts. When Vanessa learns of Austin's encounter with Alotta, she scolds him for pursuing a relationship with her while being unfaithful, and warns that he will end up alone if he does not adapt to modern values. A reflective Austin contemplates his isolation, caused by the historic events he has missed, his friends who have died or outgrown him, and society's disdain for his archaic behavior.Austin and Vanessa infiltrate Dr. Evil's lair at Virtucon headquarters but are captured by his henchman, Random Task. Despite the United Nations agreeing to Dr. Evil's demands, he continues with his plan. Austin and Vanessa escape and reconcile. While Vanessa summons reinforcements, Austin encounters the fembots and destroys them by overloading their systems with a striptease. British forces storm the lair as Austin disables Project Vulcan. He confronts Dr. Evil, who mocks Austin's outdated hippie ideals. Austin retorts that the core value of the 1960s was freedom—a principle that remains timeless. Activating the lair's self-destruct mechanism, Dr. Evil escapes in a rocket. Austin and Vanessa evacuate before the lair explodes. Three months later, Austin and Vanessa are married. During their honeymoon, Random Task attacks, but the couple subdues him and retreats to their balcony. Among the stars, Austin spots the cryogenic chamber containing Dr. Evil, who vows revenge.
250	Fifth Element, The (1997)	Action, Sci-Fi	In 1914, aliens known as Mondoshawans meet their contact on Earth, a priest of a secret order, at an ancient Egyptian temple. They take the only weapon capable of defeating a great evil that appears every 5000 years, promising to protect it and return it before the great evil's re-emergence. The weapon consists of the four classical elements, as four engraved stones, plus a sarcophagus containing a "fifth element".In the 23rd century, the great evil appears in deep space as a giant living fireball. It destroys an armed Earth spaceship as it heads to Earth. The Mondoshawans' current human contact on Earth, priest Vito Cornelius, informs the president of the Federated Territories of the great evil's history and the weapon that can stop it.On their way to Earth, a Mondoshawan spacecraft carrying the weapon is ambushed and destroyed by a crew of Mangalores, alien mercenaries hired by Earth industrialist Jean-Baptiste Emanuel Zorg, who is working for the great evil. A severed hand in metal armor from the wreckage of the spacecraft is brought to New York City. From this, the government uses biotechnology to recreate the original occupant of the sarcophagus, a humanoid woman named Leeloo, who remembers her previous life. Alarmed by the unfamiliar surroundings and high security, she escapes and jumps off a ledge, crashing into the flying taxicab of Korben Dallas, a former major in Earth's special forces.Dallas delivers Leeloo to Cornelius and his apprentice, David, who recognizes her as the fifth element. As Leeloo recuperates, she tells Cornelius that the stones were not on board the Mondoshawan ship. Simultaneously, the Mondoshawans inform Earth's government that the stones were entrusted to an alien opera singer, the diva Plavalaguna. Zorg reneges on his deal with the Mangalores for failing to obtain the stones, and kills some of them. Earth's military sends Dallas to meet Plavalaguna; a rigged radio contest provides a cover, awarding Dallas a luxury vacation aboard a flying hotel on planet Fhloston, accompanied by flamboyant talk-show host Ruby Rhod. It includes a concert by Plavalaguna, and learning that Leeloo shares his mission, Dallas lets her accompany him. Cornelius instructs David to prepare the temple, then stows away on the luxury spaceship. The Mangalore crew, pursuing the stones for themselves, also illegally board the ship.During the concert, the Mangalores attack, and Plavalaguna is killed. Dallas extracts the stones from her body and kills the Mangalore leader, causing the others to surrender. Zorg arrives, shoots Leeloo, and activates a time bomb. He flees with a carrying case he presumes contains the stones, but returns when he discovers it is empty. As Zorg's bomb causes the hotel's evacuation, Dallas finds Leeloo traumatized and escapes with her, Cornelius, Rhod, and the stones in Zorg's private spaceship. Zorg deactivates his bomb, but a dying Mangalore sets off his own, destroying the hotel and killing Zorg.As the great evil approaches Earth, the four meet David at the temple. They deploy the stones, but Leeloo, having learned of humanity's history of cruelty, has given up on life. Dallas declares his love for her and kisses her. Leeloo combines the power of the stones, emitting divine light onto the great evil and defeating it. Dallas and Leeloo are hailed as heroes, and as dignitaries wait to greet them, the two passionately embrace in a recovery chamber.
251	Shall We Dance? (1996)	Comedy	The film begins with a close-up of the inscription above the stage in the ballroom of the Blackpool Tower: "Bid me discourse, I will enchant thine ear", from the poem Venus and Adonis by William Shakespeare. As the camera pans around the ballroom giving a view of the dancers, a voice-over explains that in Japan, ballroom dancing is treated with suspicion.Successful salaryman Shohei Sugiyama (Kōji Yakusho) has a house in the suburbs, a devoted wife, Masako (Hideko Hara), and a teenage daughter, Chikage (Ayano Nakamura). He works as an accountant for a firm in Tokyo. Despite these external signs of success, however, Sugiyama begins to feel as if his life has lost direction and meaning and falls into depression.One night, while coming home on the Seibu Ikebukuro Line, he spots a slender woman with a melancholic expression looking out from the window of a dance studio. He doesn't know it, but she is Mai Kishikawa (Tamiyo Kusakari), a well-known figure on the Western ballroom dance circuit. Infatuated, he decides on a whim to take dance lessons.Sugiyama’s life changes once his classes begin. Rather than Mai, his teacher is an older woman, Tamako Tamura (Reiko Kusamura), who becomes an important mentor to him. He meets his classmates: Tōkichi Hattori (Yu Tokui) who joined to impress his wife, and Masahiro Tanaka (Hiromasa Taguchi) who joined to lose weight. He also meets Toyoko Takahashi (Eriko Watanabe), another student. He further discovers that one of his colleagues from work, Tomio Aoki (Naoto Takenaka), frequents the dance studio. Tomio, who is balding and mocked at work for his rigid ways, is revealed to be secretly a long-haired (via a wig) ballroom dancer. Though distant from her, the classes increase his infatuation with Mai. His secret thus becomes twofold: not only must he hide the lessons from his wife, he must also hide them from his friends and colleagues as it is considered embarrassing according to traditional Japanese customs to participate in Western ballroom dance.Later, after being rebuffed by Mai, Sugiyama discovers to his surprise that his passion for ballroom dance has survived her rejection. Indeed, dance, rather than Mai, has given Sugiyama the meaning in life that he was looking for.Masako, noticing his odd behavior, believes he is having an affair, prompting her to hire a private detective to follow him. Meanwhile, along with his classmates, Sugiyama enters an amateur competition, only to find out that his wife, having finally learned the truth from the detective (who has now become a devoted fan of ballroom dancing), is in the audience. Surprised by this, he stumbles and nearly knocks his dance partner to the floor. Though he successfully catches her, he accidentally rips the skirt of her dress off. Both leave the contest.  Sugiyama later learns that Aoki was disqualified. When Aoki is ridiculed at work after his colleagues read of his failure in the newspaper, Sugiyama stands up and tells them not to mock something they don't understand.At home, Sugiyama tells his family that he has given up dance. A little while later, he is visited by Toyoko and Aoki, who try to get him to return and tell him to come to a farewell party for Mai, who is leaving for Blackpool. They hand him a letter from Mai in which she explains her own past failure at Blackpool, attributing it to her dancing alone and not truly trusting her partner and how working with Sugiyama and Toyoko reinspired her to try again.  Sugiyama at last has a real conversation with Masako about what happened, but angrily tells her he is through with dance, even when she asks him to teach her. But he gives in and they reconcile when his daughter Chikage pushes them together and he teaches her some steps.  On the way home the next day, he looks out of the train window and sees a sign in the dance studio window “Shall we dance, Mr. Sugiyama”.  He changes his mind and heads to the party, arriving in time for the last dance, where Mai will choose her partner.  Mai approaches him and asks him “Shall we dance?".
252	Lost World: Jurassic Park, The (1997)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi, Thriller	Four years after the events on Isla Nublar, a British family anchors their yacht off a beach on Isla Sorna and comes ashore, unaware of the genetically engineered dinosaurs on the island. Their daughter, Cathy Bowman, wanders off and is attacked by a group of Compsognathus.Peter Ludlow, nephew of Dr. John Hammond, uses the incident to oust Hammond and gain control of InGen. The company's second facility, "Site B" on Isla Sorna, was where the dinosaurs were cloned, but the island was abandoned during a hurricane several years earlier. Ludlow plans to exploit Isla Sorna's dinosaurs to save InGen, prompting Hammond to request Dr. Ian Malcolm's help in documenting the creatures to promote a non-interference policy. Ian's girlfriend, paleontologist Dr. Sarah Harding, is already on Isla Sorna, leading Ian to reluctantly agree to go, but only to retrieve her.Ian travels to Isla Sorna with equipment specialist and engineer, Eddie Carr, and video documentarian and activist, Nick Van Owen. They find Sarah and discover that Ian's daughter Kelly has stowed away in their research trailer. Ludlow and a mercenary team arrive on the island to capture dinosaurs, with help from big-game hunters Roland Tembo and Ajay Sidhu.Ian's group realizes that Ludlow intends to ship the captured specimens to San Diego for a new Jurassic Park, using a nearly finished amphitheater that Hammond abandoned in favor of the Isla Nublar site. Nick and Sarah free the captured dinosaurs, and the animals wreak havoc on the InGen team's camp. On the way back to the trailer, Nick rescues an injured Tyrannosaurus rex infant that Roland used as bait to hunt its parent. Knowing this will bring the baby's parents to them, Ian takes Kelly to safety and returns to the trailer to warn Sarah and Nick. They successfully treat the infant, but the Tyrannosaurus parents arrive, having tracked the infant's scent. They reclaim their infant and destroy the trailer by overturning and pushing it partially over the cliff. Eddie arrives and attempts to pull the trailer back up, but both Tyrannosaurus return and start tearing Eddie's SUV apart before they devour him.Ian, Sarah, and Nick are rescued by Ludlow's team and forced to work together since both groups lost all their communication equipment in separate attacks. They decide to travel to an abandoned InGen base to call for help. After the team sets up a camp, they are ambushed by the Tyrannosaurus adults. The party flees into a field of long grass where a pack of Velociraptors ambush them, killing Ajay and most of the team.Ian's group reaches the InGen base, fights off the Velociraptors, and successfully radios for helicopter extraction. Nick reveals that he stole Roland's bullets to prevent him from killing his trophy. However, Roland has sedated the male Tyrannosaurus with tranquilizers. As InGen personnel arrive to secure the male and infant, Roland declines Ludlow's job offer at the San Diego park, reflecting on Ajay's death and the morality of Ludlow's scheme.At the Port of San Diego, Ian and Sarah attempt to convince Ludlow to abandon his plans, but the ship carrying the male Tyrannosaurus suddenly crashes into the docks. The crew is found dead, and the adult is accidentally released and rampages throughout the city. Ian and Sarah locate the infant at the planned park and use it to lure the adult back to the docks. Ludlow tries to retrieve the infant but is killed by the dinosaurs. Sarah uses a tranquilizer gun to sedate the male before government forces can use lethal force on it, and Ian seals the cargo hold doors.In the aftermath, the dinosaurs are shipped back to Isla Sorna accompanied by the U.S. Navy. Ian, Sarah, and Kelly watch Hammond in a televised interview announcing that the American and Costa Rican governments have declared the island a nature reserve.
253	Pillow Book, The (1995)	Drama, Romance	Beginning with boot camp in MCRD Parris Island, South Carolina, the story follows Leckie through basic training and then to New River, North Carolina where he is briefly stationed, and follows him to the Pacific. Leckie is assigned to the 1st Marine Division and is deployed to Guadalcanal, Melbourne Australia, New Guinea, Cape Gloucester, before being evacuated with wounds from the island of Peleliu. Helmet for My Pillow is told from an enlisted man's point of view; a reprint edition stated the book was about "the booze, the brawling, the loving on 72-hour liberty, the courageous fighting and dying in combat as the U.S. Marines slugged it out, inch by inch, across the Pacific." In line with the book's poetic prose, many of the characters in the story are given aliases and are not directly identified. For example, an Australian guide to the Marines is given the name "The Digger", while a Marine war criminal experiencing a severe mental breakdown is known as "The Kid".
254	Batman & Robin (1997)	Action, Adventure, Crime	Batman and his partner, Robin, encounter a new villain, Mr. Freeze, who has left a string of diamond thefts in his wake. During a confrontation at the natural history museum, Freeze steals a large diamond and flees, freezing Robin and leaving Batman unable to pursue him. Later, Batman and Robin learn that Freeze was originally Doctor Victor Fries, a scientist working to develop a cure for a disease known as MacGregor's syndrome, hoping to heal his terminally ill wife, Nora. After a lab accident, Fries was rendered unable to live at average temperatures and forced to wear a cryogenic suit powered by diamonds for survival.At a Wayne Enterprises lab in Brazil, botanist Doctor Pamela Isley is working under the deranged Doctor Jason Woodrue, who has turned her research on plants into a super soldier serum dubbed Venom. After witnessing Woodrue use it to mutate serial killer Antonio Diego into the hulking Bane, she threatens to expose Woodrue's experiments. Woodrue attempts to kill her by overturning a shelf of various toxins; instead, Isley is mutated by the toxins into Poison Ivy, who murders Woodrue with a venom-laden kiss, destroys the lab and escapes to Gotham City with Bane, concocting a plot to use Wayne's money to support her research. Meanwhile, Alfred Pennyworth's niece, Barbara Wilson, makes a surprise visit and is invited by Bruce to stay at Wayne Manor until she goes back to school.Wayne Enterprises presents a new telescope for Gotham Observatory at a press conference interrupted by Ivy. She proposes a project that could help the environment, but Bruce declines her offer, knowing it could result in genocide. Batman and Robin decide to lure Freeze out using the Wayne Family diamonds and present them at a Wayne Enterprises charity event. Ivy attends the event and decides to use her abilities to seduce Batman and Robin. Freeze crashes the party but is defeated and incarcerated at Arkham Asylum. Ivy takes an interest in Freeze and helps him escape. Dick discovers that Barbara has been participating in drag races to raise money for Alfred, who is dying of MacGregor's syndrome; a fact he kept from Bruce and Dick, but his niece is secretly aware of his situation and is trying to find treatment for him.Batman, Robin, and the police arrive at Freeze's lair in response to his escape, discovering Nora preserved in a cryogenic chamber and that Freeze has developed a cure for the early stages of MacGregor's syndrome. The villains soon secretly arrive to recover Freeze's diamonds and Nora. Wanting Freeze for herself, Ivy cuts off the power to Nora's chamber, steals the diamonds, and seduces Robin, escalating tensions between him and Batman. At her hideout, Ivy convinces Freeze that Batman was responsible for her attempt at Nora's life and he then resolves to make humanity suffer for revenge, with Ivy plotting to repopulate Earth using her mutant plants afterward. Freeze and Bane commandeer Gotham Observatory and convert the new telescope into a giant freeze ray, while Ivy uses the Bat-Signal to contact Robin. Robin attempts to go after Ivy alone, but Batman convinces him not to fall for Ivy's seduction. Barbara discovers the Batcave, where an artificial intelligence version of Alfred reveals he has made a suit for Barbara. Barbara dons the suit and becomes Batgirl, arriving at Ivy's lair in time to help Batman and Robin subdue her.Freeze begins to freeze Gotham over whilst Batman, Robin, and Batgirl head to Gotham Observatory together to stop him. Batman defeats Freeze in combat, while Batgirl and Robin incapacitate Bane and thaw the city. Freeze accuses Batman of taking Nora's life, only to be shown a recording of Ivy admitting to the crime. Batman reveals that Nora survived and offers Freeze the chance to continue his research on MacGregor's syndrome in exchange for his cure. Freeze accepts and returns to Arkham, where he is imprisoned in the same cell as Ivy, upon whom he plans to take revenge. Alfred is cured and Bruce and Dick agree to let Barbara join them in fighting crime.
255	My Best Friend's Wedding (1997)	Comedy, Romance	Three weeks before her 28th birthday, New York City food critic Julianne "Jules" Potter receives a call from her lifelong friend Michael O'Neal, a Chicago sportswriter. Years earlier, the two agreed that if they were both unmarried by age 28, they would marry each other. Michael tells her that in four days, he will marry the beautiful Kimmy Wallace, a college student eight years his junior whose father owns the Chicago White Sox. Realizing she is in love with him, Jules resolves to sabotage his wedding. Arriving in Chicago, she reunites with Michael and meets Kimmy, who asks her to be the maid of honor. Jules schemes to break up the couple, but her attempt to humiliate Kimmy at a karaoke bar backfires. She manipulates Kimmy into asking her father to offer Michael a job, which Jules knows will anger Michael, but this fails as well.Frustrated, Jules begs her friend George Downes for help, and he flies to Chicago. On George's advice, Jules prepares to tell Michael how much she loves him but instead tells him that she is engaged to George, hoping to make Michael jealous. George, who is gay, plays along but embarrasses Jules at lunch with the wedding party, singing "I Say a Little Prayer" as the whole restaurant joins in. George flies home, and Jules tells Michael that her "relationship" with George is over. Michael admits to feeling jealous and gives her the chance to confess her feelings, but she lets the moment pass. They share a dance as Michael sings their song, "The Way You Look Tonight".The day before the wedding, at Kimmy's father's office, Jules uses his email account to forge a message from him to Michael's boss, asking that Michael be fired to allow Kimmy's father to hire him at Kimmy's insistence. She saves the message rather than send it. Jules lies to enlist Michael's help saying she used Walter's office for her job, but they find the office locked. Returning to Jules' hotel, Michael receives a message from his boss notifying him of the email because Walter's secretary  sent it because Walter told her he had emails on his computer he wrote over lunch and to send them out. Furious, he calls Kimmy, calling off the wedding.The next morning, Jules discovers that neither Michael nor Kimmy have told anyone else that the wedding is off. She tries to manipulate the couple into breaking up for good, but Michael and Kimmy decide to get married after all. Jules finally confesses her love to Michael and passionately kisses him. Kimmy witnesses this and drives away distraught, pursued by Michael, who in turn is pursued by Jules in a caterer's truck. Jules calls George while driving and explains the situation, who assures her that Michael loves Kimmy and Jules has now a brief opportunity to ensure the couple are reconciled before the scheduled time of the wedding. Finding Michael at Chicago Union Station, Jules confesses to writing the email to his boss that accidentally got sent by Walter's secretary just to win Michael back. Although angry with her Michael forgives her and tells her that here at the station is where he proposed to Kimmy and she accepted, and they split up to look for Kimmy.Jules finds Kimmy in the bathroom of Comiskey Park. Amid a crowd of onlookers, Kimmy confronts Jules for interfering with Michael. Jules apologizes, assuring Kimmy that Michael truly loves her, and they reconcile. The wedding proceeds, and at the reception, Jules gives a heartfelt speech as Kimmy's maid of honor. Jules allows the newlyweds to temporarily have "The Way You Look Tonight" as their song until they find their own song. Jules and Michael share their goodbyes, both finally moving on. On the phone with George, Jules is surprised to see him at the reception, and they dance together.
256	When the Cats Away (Chacun cherche son chat) (1996)	Comedy, Romance	The story is about a young woman living in Paris, in the Bastille neighborhood, who has lost her cat. Through the pursuit of the cat, the film lets the spectator discover the contrasts of the district, which is evolving from a typical Parisian district to a modern and young district and the contrast between its inhabitants, among them a nice simpleton and the old woman who are bored. In fact, it is the story of a village in a large city, Klapisch shows once again the behaviour of an individual inside a group, as he did in Le péril jeune or Riens du tout. This time he has succeeded in joining together actors, theatre actors, and residents of the district, creating a credible atmosphere that is probably the reason for the success of this film outside France.
257	Men in Black (1997)	Action, Adventure, Comedy, Sci-Fi	In 1961, the Men in Black (MIB) organization is founded after secretly making first contact with extraterrestrials. The MIB designates Earth as a neutral zone for alien refugees who live in secret among humans. Agents monitor alien activity and use memory-erasing neuralyzer devices to maintain secrecy.In 1997, MIB Agents K and D disrupt a border patrol operation at the Mexico–United States border to capture an alien named Mikey. When Mikey becomes violent, K kills him and neuralyzes the patrol officers. D, feeling too old to continue, asks K to neuralyze him so he can retire.Soon after, NYPD officer James Darrell Edwards III apprehends a suspect, unaware they are an alien. The alien warns of a coming threat before committing suicide. K, impressed by James’s performance, recruits him into the MIB. After completing a series of tests, James becomes Agent J, and his previous identity is erased from public records.Meanwhile, a hostile alien known as a "Bug" crash-lands in upstate New York. The Bug kills a farmer named Edgar and uses his skin as a disguise. K and J, tipped off by a tabloid news article, question Edgar’s wife. They learn that the Bug has killed two aliens who were living on Earth in disguise. Their bodies, along with their pet cat, are sent to a morgue overseen by coroner Laurel Weaver.At the morgue, the alien tells J and Laurel that "the galaxy is on Orion's Belt" before dying. After neuralyzing Laurel, K identifies the alien as Rosenberg, a prince from the Arquillian Empire. K and J visit Frank the Pug, an alien informant, who explains that Rosenberg was protecting a miniature galaxy. The galaxy is a powerful energy source which the Bug wants to use to destroy the Arquillians. An Arquillian warship soon arrives in Earth’s orbit and demands the MIB return the galaxy or they will destroy the Earth.J and the Bug both realize the galaxy is on the collar of Rosenberg’s cat, Orion, which is now with Laurel. The Bug captures her and swallows the galaxy. As the Arquillians prepare to destroy Earth to stop the Bug, the MIB locks down all transportation. J guesses the Bug will head to the New York State Pavilion, where the MIB hid flying saucers during the 1964 World’s Fair.At the site, the Bug tries to escape with Laurel. She briefly breaks free, and the agents shoot down the ship. The Bug sheds its human skin and reveals its true form, swallowing the agents’ weapons. K allows himself to be eaten so he can retrieve his weapon from inside. J distracts the Bug until K shoots the Bug apart from within. Laurel uses J’s gun to finish the bug off.After returning the galaxy to the Arquillians, K reveals that he was training J to take his place. J neuralyzes him so he can retire. Later, J continues his work with Laurel, who has joined the MIB as Agent L.
258	Contact (1997)	Drama, Sci-Fi	Dr. Ellie Arroway works for the SETI program at the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico. She was inspired to pursue a career in science, starting with amateur radio, by her father, who died in her youth. Her work involves listening to radio emissions from space in the hopes of finding signs of intelligent extraterrestrial life. The program loses funding after David Drumlin, the President's science advisor, deems it futile. However, Arroway receives financial support from S. R. Hadden, the secretive billionaire industrialist who runs Hadden Industries, which enables her to keep working at the Very Large Array (VLA) in New Mexico.Four years later, when Drumlin is about to terminate the SETI program at the VLA, Arroway discovers a signal containing a sequence of prime numbers originating from the star Vega. Drumlin and the National Security Council, headed by Michael Kitz, attempt to seize control of the facility. Arroway's team discovers a video hidden within the signal: Adolf Hitler's opening address at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany. The Hitler transmission was the first to penetrate the Earth's ionosphere and reach Vega.The project is put under security and its progress is monitored around the world. Arroway discovers the signal contains over 63,000 pages of encoded data, and Hadden provides her with the means to decode it. The decoded data reveals schematics for a machine that may be a form of transportation for a single person. Multiple nations provide funding for the construction of the machine, at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral.An international panel will select a candidate to travel in the machine. Arroway is a leading candidate until the Christian philosopher Palmer Joss, a member of the panel with whom she briefly had a romantic relationship in Puerto Rico, draws attention to her atheism. The panel selects Drumlin. During the first tests, a religious terrorist destroys the machine with a suicide bomb, killing himself, Drumlin, and several others. Hadden, now residing on the Mir space station and dying of cancer, reveals to Arroway the U.S. government and his company have used a secret contract to build a second machine in Hokkaido, Japan. Arroway, the only American remaining among the candidate pool, will use it.Equipped with multiple recording devices, Arroway enters a pod which is dropped into the machine, and seemingly travels through  wormholes. She observes a radio array-like structure at Vega, signs of civilization on an alien planet, and a celestial event that makes her ecstatic. Arroway finds herself on a beach similar to a childhood drawing she made of Pensacola, Florida. An alien approaches, taking on the appearance of her deceased father. He explains that the aliens detected humanity's radio emissions and judged them worthy of being shown a first step into the cosmos.Arroway regains consciousness in the pod. The mission control team tell her that the pod fell through the machine into a safety net and that the experiment achieved nothing. Arroway insists she was gone for about 18 hours, but her recording devices show only static. A Congressional Committee headed by Kitz speculates the signal and machine were a hoax designed by Hadden, who has since died. Arroway requests the committee accept the truth of her testimony on faith, saying that, while her testimony cannot be proven scientifically, it has affected her humanity. Arroway reunites with Joss, who says he believes her. Kitz and the White House official Rachel Constantine discuss the confidential information, and observe that Arroway's device recorded 18 hours of static. Arroway receives ongoing financial support for the SETI program at the VLA.
259	George of the Jungle (1997)	Children's, Comedy	While touring Burundi with local guide Kwame and a trio of porters, San Francisco heiress Ursula Stanhope encounters her spoiled fiancé Lyle van de Groot, who wishes to take her home and has hired two poachers, Max and Thor, to track her down. Kwame tells the group of the "White Ape", a local legend of a superhuman primate that lives on Ape Mountain and rules the jungle. The next day, Ursula refuses to go home until she sees an ape, so Lyle enters the jungle to find them. The two encounter a lion, and Lyle knocks himself unconscious trying to flee. Ursula is saved by the "White Ape", George.After taking Ursula to his tree house home and caring for her, George introduces her to his three animal friends: Ape, the sapient talking gorilla who raised him; Shep, his pet African forest elephant that acts like a dog; and Tookie, a toco toucan who gives him news involving the jungle's animals. George is smitten with Ursula and attempts to woo her; Ursula soon reciprocates his attraction, and her time spent with George makes her more fond of him.Lyle, Max, and Thor soon arrive at the treehouse, but Ursula berates Lyle for trying to abandon her during the lion attack. Max and Thor try to shoot Shep for his ivory, and Ape shouts at Shep to run. Everyone is stunned by the sight of the talking ape, and Max and Thor decide to tranquilize and capture him. George runs to stop them, and is accidentally shot by Lyle, who thought the gun was his novelty lighter that he had planned to scare George with. Lyle is imprisoned after being identified as the shooter by the porters. Max and Thor are deported, but resolve to return to the treehouse to capture Ape and make a fortune off of him in Las Vegas. Meanwhile, Ursula takes George to San Francisco to get medical help for his gunshot wound and to show him the human world, which he has not seen since infancy.While Ursula is at work, George explores San Francisco on his own and uses his vine-swinging skills to rescue a man whose paraglider has become caught on the suspension cables of the Bay Bridge. Ursula admits what happened in Africa to her parents and intends to break off the wedding, but her overbearing mother, Beatrice, objects. At a party intended to celebrate Ursula's engagement, Beatrice takes George aside. She tells him that Ursula's marriage to Lyle must proceed as planned and threatens to harm George if he interferes. In Burundi, Max and Thor tranquilize Ape; before he falls unconscious and is captured, Ape sends Tookie to find George. Tookie flies to San Francisco and informs George of Ape's capture, forcing George to leave Ursula and return to Burundi. While confused by George's unexplained departure, Ursula realizes she loves George and goes to find him, despite her mother's protests.Max and Thor, having returned to the treehouse after getting turned around by a phony shortcut trail, are confronted by George. He fights and defeats them with help from Ursula and the animals. Lyle then appears, revealed to have escaped prison and become a legally ordained minister able to perform marriage ceremonies. Lyle has George subdued by a group of mercenaries, and forcibly takes Ursula to a boat waiting on the Ape River to perform their marriage rites. However, the ceremony is interrupted by a series of harsh rapids that put them both in danger. George is rescued from the mercenaries with help from Shep and the gorillas, and swings in to reach Ursula and Lyle, but crashes painfully into a massive tree. As the tree falls over the river, George manages to pull Ursula to safety while the rapids lead Lyle into a dark cave. Lyle, thinking Ursula is still in the boat, proclaims their wedding vows, but to his horror, he discovers that he has just married himself to a gorilla, who kisses him.George and Ursula declare their love for each other and marry, with the people of San Francisco, Africa, and the jungle's animals in attendance. Some time later, the two live in their treehouse and raise a son, George Jr., whom they present to the animals from atop Pride Rock (a parody of another Disney film The Lion King). A mid-credits scene shows that Ape has moved to Las Vegas and become a famous singer, with a humiliated Max and Thor forced to be part of his performance.
260	Event Horizon (1997)	Action, Mystery, Sci-Fi, Thriller	In 2047, a distress signal is received from the Event Horizon, a starship that disappeared during its maiden voyage to Proxima Centauri seven years earlier. The ship has mysteriously reappeared in orbit around Neptune, prompting the US Aerospace Command to dispatch the rescue vessel Lewis and Clark to investigate. Its crew—Captain Miller, second-in-command Lieutenant Starck, pilot Smith, medical technician Peters, engineer Ensign Justin, doctor D.J., and rescue technician Cooper—is joined by Dr. William Weir, the Event Horizon's designer. Shortly before arrival at the Event Horizon, he briefs them on the ship's experimental gravity drive with a simple visualization of how it folds spacetime to instantly transport the ship across vast distances. He then plays for them the distress signal, which consists of screams, howls, and what sounds like a voice. D.J. recognizes it as the Latin "Līberāte mē", which he translates as "Save me".Upon boarding the Event Horizon, the crew finds signs of a massacre. As they search for survivors, the ship's gravity drive activates and briefly pulls Justin into a portal before unleashing a shock wave that breaches the hull of the Lewis and Clark. The crew is forced to move to the Event Horizon while Cooper rescues Justin from the portal, finding that he has been reduced to a catatonic state.Smith and Cooper are sent on a spacewalk to repair the hull of the Lewis and Clark while the rest of the crew begin to experience hallucinations of what they fear or regret most. Miller sees a subordinate he was forced to abandon to his death; Peters sees her son with his legs covered in bloody lesions; Weir sees an eyeless vision of his late wife urging him to join her. Justin suddenly wakes from his coma while the entire ship seems to be shaking and attempts to vent himself from the airlock; he is saved at the last second by Miller, who places a severely injured Justin in stasis. Shaken, Miller confides with D.J. about his hallucinations, prompting the doctor to share that he found a longer phrase in the distress signal. It really says "Libera te tutemet ex inferis" or as he translates it: "Save yourself from hell"). D.J. concludes that the ship's drive must have opened a gateway somewhere beyond the known universe and brought something horrible back with it. A video log discovered on the Event Horizon adds more weight to this conclusion, revealing a scene of the crew brutalizing each other after engaging the gravity drive, with their captain chanting in Latin as he holds his own eyeballs in his hands.Miller immediately orders his crew to speed up their evacuation, ignoring Weir's vehement protests to the contrary. As she and Smith retrieve oxygen from the Event Horizon, Peters is lured to her death by a hallucination of her son. Weir finds her body and is flung into a hallucination of his wife's suicide, driving him to gouge out his own eyeballs and embrace the ship's evil presence. Now thoroughly corrupted, he uses an explosive to destroy the Lewis and Clark, killing Smith and blasting Cooper into space, then kills D.J. by vivisecting him. Miller confronts Weir on the bridge but is overpowered. Weir initiates a 10-minute countdown to activate the gravity drive and return the ship to the other hellish dimension. Meanwhile, Cooper has used his spacesuit's oxygen supply to propel himself back to the ship and appears at the bridge window. Weir shoots at him, shattering the window and blowing himself into space with the decompression. Miller, Starck, and Cooper survive and manage to seal off the ship's bridge. With their own ship destroyed, Miller plans to split the Event Horizon in two with explosives and use its forward section as a lifeboat. He is attacked by hallucinations which turn out to be the resurrected and now even more mutilated Weir. Miller fights him at the gravity drive and detonates the explosives, sacrificing himself to save his remaining crew.The gravity drive activates, pulling the ship's stern section into a black hole. Starck and Cooper enter stasis beside a comatose Justin and wait to be rescued. Seventy-two days later, the wreckage of the Event Horizon is boarded by a rescue party who discover the survivors in stasis. Starck hallucinates Weir as one of the rescuers and screams but she quickly awakens, realizing that it was only a nightmare. Cooper and the rescue team try to calm the terrified Starck as the doors close.
261	Air Bud (1997)	Children's, Comedy	After the death of his father, 12-year-old Josh Framm, his mother Jackie, and his two-year-old sister Andrea have relocated to Fernfield, Washington. One day after school, Josh practices basketball by himself in a makeshift court that he sets up behind an abandoned church, where he meets an abandoned and runaway Golden Retriever who had recently escaped from his abusive owner: an alcoholic clown named Norman Snively, who had locked him in a kennel for causing trouble at a birthday party when the kennel unknowingly fell out due to Snively not securing the back. Discovering his uncanny ability to play basketball, Josh names him Buddy and takes him home. Jackie agrees to let Buddy stay until Christmas. Once the holidays arrive, Jackie allows Josh to keep Buddy as a Christmas present.At school, Josh earns the disdain of star basketball player and team bully Larry Willingham but befriends kindhearted maintenance engineer and retired pro player Arthur Chaney. With Chaney's encouragement, Josh earns a place on the Timberwolves, the school basketball team, despite the reservation of their competitive coach, Joe Barker. He befriends teammate Tom Stewart at his first game. Buddy escapes and shows up at school during the game. The audience loves him when he scores a basket.Barker is fired after being caught emotionally and physically abusing Tom for his poor performance. At Josh's suggestion, he is replaced by Chaney. Arthur emphasizes the need for players to work as a team instead of focusing on themselves. When Larry is subbed out due to ball-hogging and unsportsmanlike conduct, his father forces him to leave the team and join their rival. Buddy becomes the mascot of the school's basketball team and appears in their halftime shows. The Timberwolves lose one game before qualifying for the State Finals.Just before the championship game, Snively appears after seeing Buddy on television. Hoping to profit from Buddy's newfound fame, he forces Jackie to hand over Buddy as he has papers proving he is the legal owner. Withdrawn and depressed, Josh discovers Snively living in a small income house and sneaks into his backyard, freeing Buddy from his chain. Snively notices him and pursues them in his dilapidated pickup truck through a park before crashing into a lake. Josh protects Buddy by setting him free in the forest to find a new life.The Timberwolves struggle in the championship game and an injury leaves them with four players. Buddy shows up to the crowd's cheers. After it is discovered that there is no rule preventing a dog from playing basketball, he is added to the roster and leads the team to victory.Despite his ownership papers being ruined in the car wreck, Snively takes the Framm family to court for custody of Buddy. Chaney suggests that Buddy choose his owner. As a fan of Chaney, Judge Cranfield accepts his proposal and moves the court outside to the lawn, where Buddy attacks Snively and chooses Josh. Cranfield grants custody to Josh as a ranting Snively is dragged away by the police, while Josh and the rest of the citizens rejoice and gather around Buddy to welcome him home.
262	In the Company of Men (1997)	Drama	Chad and Howard are two middle management employees at a corporation, temporarily assigned to a branch office away from home for six weeks. Embittered by bad experiences with women, Chad and Howard form a mean-spirited revenge scheme to find an insecure woman, romance her simultaneously, and then break up with her at the same time. Chad is the originator and driving force behind the scheme, while Howard is the more passive of the two, which leads to a later conflict with the scheme.Chad decides upon Christine, a deaf co-worker who is so self-conscious that she wears headphones so people, thinking that she is listening to music, are compelled to get her attention visually without immediately learning that she is deaf. Chad and Howard decide to each ask her out, and over the course of several weeks, date her simultaneously.In the meantime, things with the project go wrong; a fax Chad is supposed to have made to the home office is "lost" and a presentation Chad is supposed to deliver to the home office is unable to be carried out successfully after some documents are allegedly printed so lightly that they are illegible. These mishaps culminate in Howard being demoted and Chad taking his place as the head of the project after Chad places the blame for the mishaps unfairly on Howard. Chad eventually sleeps with Christine, and she falls in love with him. When Christine eventually breaks this news to Howard, Howard tells Christine the truth about their scheme, and tells her that he loves her. Christine is shocked by the revelation, and refuses to believe that Chad would do this. When she confronts Chad, he admits the truth. Christine angrily slaps Chad, but Chad is unashamed of his behavior, and cruelly taunts Christine, who collapses into tears after he leaves her.Weeks later, Howard confronts Chad back home at his apartment. Howard is now apparently in the bad graces of the company, having been moved to a lower floor, while Chad is doing well, and thus offering to say something on Howard's behalf. Nevertheless, Howard is not worried about work; he confesses to Chad that he really loved Christine. At this point, Chad, despite having previously told Howard that his girlfriend, Suzanne, had left him, shows Howard that she is still there, asleep in his bed. Chad says that he carried out the plan "because I could," and cruelly asks Howard how it feels to have truly hurt someone. Howard, who had never done anything like that before, leaves, horrified. He vomits down the stairwell.Howard later travels back to the city and to a bank where he sees Christine working, and tries to speak to her, but she looks away in anger. He loudly pleads with her to "listen" to him, but his pleas literally fall on deaf ears.
263	Steel (1997)	Action	John Henry Irons is a weapons designer who invents high-tech laser guns, protective armor, and sonic sound cannons for the United States military. One soldier, Nathaniel Burke, decides to show just what Irons' weapons can do and sets one of Irons' sonic cannons at the highest power setting, firing the device at an abandoned building, but the weapon backfires and destroys the building the team is situated in. Irons' partner, Susan "Sparky" Sparks, is crushed by a large slab of concrete in the ensuing chaos. In court, Irons reveals Burke's role in the incident and Burke is dismissed from the military. Because his weapons resulted in Sparks becoming a paraplegic, Irons resigns in disgust. Meanwhile, Burke hatches a plot to sell Irons' weapons to criminal gangs, recruiting a video arcade manager to help him carry out this deed.Irons witnesses a bank robbery organized by gang members wielding Burke's modified guns; they escape before he can interrogate them on where they obtained the weapons. The gang does not tell Irons anything when confronted directly in their hideout. Irons visits Sparks in a veteran's hospital and takes her to his own assembled laboratory, where he hopes he and Sparks can create weapons needed to combat the criminals. With the help of Uncle Joe, they forge a suit of armor and the weaponry necessary for Irons to carry out his war on crime and become the vigilante "Steel". During his crusade against crime, Irons is pursued by the cops and is forced to return to his lair. Five nights later, the robbers arrange to rob another bank. Irons, as Steel, tries to stop them, but is hindered by the robbers' weapons. When Irons returns to his grandmother's house, he is arrested.Meanwhile, Burke prepares to auction off all his modified weapons to every criminal organization in the world over the Internet. When Irons is released from jail, Sparky is captured by Burke's thugs. Irons, as Steel, attempts to infiltrate Burke's headquarters, but is captured himself in the process. When Burke continues with the auction, he is tricked by Steel, which allows him and Sparks to rebel and destroy Burke's lair. Burke himself is killed when a laser he fires towards Steel reflects back towards him due to Steel's suit. After this, Steel, Sparky, Joe, and Martin escape Burke's lair.The following day, Col. David talks to actor Arnold Schwarzenegger (actually Irons via voice changer) about Steel and the events on what happened the day before and offers him to help before realising it is actually Irons who he is talking to and after that, Irons declines David's offer.In the grand opening of her restaurant, Irons' grandmother tells him about Steel and then tells Joe that everyone would be proud of his heroism. After Sparky shows the new modifications of her wheelchair that allows her to walk, Irons smiles and hugs her.
264	Mimic (1997)	Sci-Fi, Thriller	In New York City, cockroaches are spreading the "Strickler's disease" that is killing hundreds of the city's children. Unable to develop a cure for the disease, Dr. Peter Mann, deputy director of the CDC, recruits entomologist Dr. Susan Tyler. Dr. Tyler uses genetic engineering to create the "Judas breed", a hybrid between a mantis and a termite that releases an enzyme which accelerates the roaches' metabolism. This way, the roaches burn calories faster than they can nourish themselves and thus starve to death. The roaches carrying the disease are eradicated, and Peter and Susan later marry.Three years later, a priest is chased and dragged underground by an assailant. The only witness is Chuy, a boy who refers to the attacker as "Mr. Funny Shoes" to his disbelieving guardian, an immigrant subway shoe shiner named Manny. Later, two kids sell a "weird bug" from the subway to Susan, which she performs tests on, and realizes it is similar to the Judas breed. Initially, she believes that this is impossible since the specimens she released were all female and designed with a lifespan of only a few months, which should have ensured that the breed would die off after a single generation. Before she can examine the insect further it is stolen by a figure who escapes out the window. After informing the police, she consults with her mentor, Dr. Gates, who autopsies a larger specimen found in the city's sewage treatment plants, and finds that its organs are fully formed, meaning the Judas breed is not only alive but has developed into a viable species, with a colony underneath the city.Looking for more specimens, the kids go down the tracks where they find an egg sac and are then killed by the same assailant. Meanwhile, Chuy enters the abandoned church of the dead priest to find "Mr. Funny Shoes" and is abducted. Peter, his assistant Josh Maslow and MTA officer Leonard Norton enter the maintenance tunnels to investigate. However, Peter and Leonard get stuck and send Josh for help. Susan encounters a shadowy creature in a trench coat on a train platform. She approaches the figure, which unfolds into an insect the size of a human being. The creature abducts Susan and carries her into the tunnels. Meanwhile, Josh finds a way out but is found by a Judas and killed. Manny also enters the tunnels in search of Chuy and comes across Susan, whom he rescues along with Peter and Leonard, and they barricade themselves inside a train car.Susan surmises that the Judas breed's accelerated metabolism has allowed them to reproduce at an accelerated rate, causing them to evolve over tens of thousands of generations within only three years, developing lungs, allowing increased size, and the ability to mimic their human prey. The group formulates a plan to get the car moving: using the remains of a dead bug to mask their scent as they work, Peter will switch the power on, and Manny will switch the tracks. Susan projects that the Judas will spread throughout the tunnels and overrun the city unless they manage to kill the colony's single fertile male. While trying to reach the track switches, Manny finds Chuy who has survived due to his imitating the clicking noises the bugs use for communication. However, before they can escape Manny is killed by the male Judas. Susan, realizing Manny has been gone too long, goes in search of him but finds only Chuy. Leonard's injured leg starts bleeding heavily and knowing the smell will incite the creatures and endanger the group, he creates a diversion that allows the others to get away, before being killed. Peter finds a dumbwaiter and puts Susan and Chuy in it, but stays behind to destroy the breed for good. He is chased into a room where hundreds are nesting and blows them all up by setting fire to a loose gas pipe, before diving underwater to safety.The male Judas escapes the blast and goes after Chuy but is distracted by Susan, who lures it into the path of an oncoming train, which runs over it. The two make it to the surface, with Susan assuming that Peter had died in the blast. She then sees what appears to be another Judas, only for it to be revealed to actually be Peter alive and well. The three then reunite and embrace one another.
265	Hunt for Red October, The (1990)	Action, Thriller	In November 1984, Soviet submarine captain Marko Ramius is given command of Red October, a new Typhoon-class ballistic missile submarine with a "caterpillar drive", rendering it nearly undetectable to passive sonar. At sea, Ramius secretly kills political officer Ivan Putin and relays false orders to his crew that they are to conduct missile drills off America's east coast. American Los Angeles-class attack submarine USS Dallas, which had been shadowing Red October, loses contact once the sub's caterpillar drive is engaged.CIA analyst and former Marine Jack Ryan is based in London, but returns to Washington, D.C. After consulting with Vice Admiral James Greer, the deputy director of the CIA, Ryan briefs government officials on Red October and the threat it poses. Upon learning that the bulk of the Soviet Navy has been deployed to the Atlantic to find and sink the sub, the military staff conclude that Ramius plans a renegade nuclear strike. Countering this view, Ryan hypothesizes that Ramius, a native-born Lithuanian widower with few remaining personal ties to the Soviet Union, actually plans to defect with the sub, to the United States. National Security Advisor Jeffrey Pelt gives Ryan three days to confirm his theory before the U.S. Navy will be ordered to find and sink Red October. Ryan sets out to rendezvous with an aircraft carrier in the mid-Atlantic.An unknown saboteur causes Red October's caterpillar drive to malfunction during risky maneuvers through a narrow undersea canyon. Aboard Dallas, Petty Officer Ronald "Jonesy" Jones, a sonar technician, discovers a way to detect Red October using his underwater acoustics software, and the boat plots an intercept course. After a hazardous mid-ocean transfer, Ryan is able to board Dallas, where he attempts to persuade its captain, Commander Bart Mancuso, to contact Ramius and determine his real intentions.The Soviet ambassador informs NSA Jeffrey Pelt that Ramius intends to launch a missile attack on the U.S. and asks for help in sinking Red October. That order is sent to the U.S. fleet, including Dallas, which has reacquired the Soviet sub. Ryan remains convinced that Ramius plans to defect with his officers and finally convinces Mancuso to contact Ramius and offer assistance. Ramius, stunned that the Americans correctly guessed his plan, accepts Mancuso's offer. Ramius then stages a nuclear reactor "emergency", ordering the sub to surface and his crew to abandon ship. After a U.S. frigate is spotted heading right for them, Ramius submerges, leaving his crew in life rafts. Ryan, Mancuso, and Jonesy board Red October via a rescue submarine, at which point Ramius turns over his sub to the Americans and requests asylum for himself and his officers.Red October is then ambushed by Alfa-class submarine V. K. Konovalov, commanded by Ramius' former student, Captain Tupolev. As the two Soviet subs maneuver, one of Red October's cooks, Loginov, reveals himself to be the saboteur. He opens fire on the bridge, fatally wounding first officer Vasily Borodin, before retreating to the missile bay, intending to ignite a missile engine and destroy the ship. Loginov is pursued by Ryan and Ramius, and he wounds Ramius before being killed by Ryan. Meanwhile, Konovalov fires upon Red October with a torpedo, which Dallas is able to divert toward herself and evade by launching countermeasures and conducting an emergency blow to the surface. The torpedo reacquires Red October but Mancuso executes a maneuver that diverts the torpedo towards Konovalov, which it strikes and destroys. The crew of Red October, now rescued, witness the submerged explosion from the deck of the U.S. frigate. Unaware of the second Soviet submarine, they believe that Ramius has sacrificed himself and scuttled Red October to avoid being boarded.Ryan and Ramius, their subterfuge complete, navigate Red October to the Penobscot River in Maine. Ryan, despite his own fear of flying, falls asleep on a flight home to London next to a teddy bear for his daughter.
266	Kull the Conqueror (1997)	Action, Adventure	Kull battles for the right to join Valusia's elite Dragon Legion until being told by General Taligaro that as a barbarian from Atlantis, he will never be allowed to join a legion of 'noble blood'. Taligaro then learns that the Valusian King Borna has gone mad and is slaughtering his heirs, riding to Valusia with Kull following. The confrontation that follows ends with Kull mortally wounding Borna, who with his last breath names Kull his successor, to the dismay of Taligaro and most of the assembled nobles. Soon after, Kull meets his harem and recognizes one of them, Zareta, as a fortuneteller he once encountered, who also foretold his kingship. Kull summons her to his chambers, where she reads the cards and tells him that the fate of his kingdom would depend on a kiss. Kull then attempts to sleep with Zareta, but he dismisses her when she reminds him that she is a slave and acts when commanded.The next day, Kull attempts to free his slaves, but finds that his rulings are hampered by the stone tablets detailing the laws of Valusia. Taligaro and his cousin secretly attempt to assassinate Kull during his coronation, but fail. Taligaro and his conspirators are summoned the following night by the necromancer Enaros, who offers to aid them by resurrecting Akivasha, the Sorceress Queen of the ancient Acheron Empire, which the god Valka destroyed ages before Valusia was built on its remains. Using Taligaro's group to suit her ends to gain power and restore Acheron, Akivasha uses her magic to enchant Kull and become his queen. Akivasha then places Kull in a deathlike slumber, framing Zareta of "regicide" while taking Kull to her temple to keep as a plaything.Kull escapes with the help of the Valkan priest Ascalante, Zareta's brother. The pair free Zareta and the trio head north via the ship of Kull's untrusting associate Juba, in the hope of obtaining the Breath of Valka, the only weapon that can stop Akivasha from regaining her full power. Realizing what they are up to, Akivasha sends Taligaro after them; he catches them just as Zareta obtains the Breath, mortally wounding Ascalante and leaving Kull to die. Taligaro reveals his intent to use Zareta to betray Akivasha and take the Topaz Throne. On the day of the solar eclipse, Kull returns to Valusia as Akivasha gradually begins assuming her true demonic form, easily thwarting Taligaro's attempt to kill her with Zareta. After Kull wounds Taligaro and kills Enaros, Zareta kisses Kull and passes the Breath of Valka to him, who kisses the now-fully demonic Akivasha to transmit Valka's Breath and extinguish her flame forever. Kull proceeds to kill Taligaro when he attempts to take Zareta hostage, removing the last opposition to his rule.After being reinstated as king by the now more amenable nobles, Kull names Zareta his queen, then uses his axe to destroy the Tablets of the Law, abolishing slavery in Valusia and allowing it to be reborn as a kingdom of honor rather than tradition.
267	unknown	unknown	The Unknown was a 1915 film directed by J. E. Mathews released in support of The Sunny South or The Whirlwind of Fate (1915). It is considered a lost film.
268	Chasing Amy (1997)	Drama, Romance	While promoting their comic Bluntman and Chronic at a comic book convention in the Manhattan borough of New York City, comic book artists and lifelong best friends Holden McNeil and Banky Edwards meet Alyssa Jones. A struggling writer working on her own comic Idiosyncratic Routine, Alyssa is friends with Hooper, an African-American activist writer who militantly masks his flamboyantly gay personality to promote his comic White-Hating Coon. Immediately attracted to her, Holden soon discovers her lesbianism while at an East Village bar called the Meow Mix.Holden and Alyssa soon bond, as they grew up in the same area of New Jersey, with Holden and Banky being natives of Highlands and Alyssa being a native of Middletown. This upsets the homophobic Banky, who resents Alyssa for intervening in their affairs. The duo's business partnership also suffers, as they had almost signed a lucrative deal to adapt Bluntman and Chronic into an animated television series, and Banky feels that Holden has abandoned their project.Unable to conceal his feelings any longer, Holden eventually confesses his love to Alyssa. She is initially angry and upset with him, but they later reconcile and begin a romantic relationship that night, which worsens things with Banky when he encounters them sleeping on his couch in the duo's shared studio Bank-Hold-Up in Red Bank the next morning. Banky encounters an old friend of his, who grew up with Alyssa and tells him she participated in a ménage à trois with two boys back in high school, which earned her the nickname "Finger Cuffs". Banky relays the story to Holden, who becomes deeply disturbed by the revelation, having believed that he is the first man Alyssa had ever slept with.Believing that Banky is jealously in love with Holden, disguising his true feelings with macho sexual banter, Hooper advises Holden to be honest and truthful and ask Alyssa about her past. The following night at a hockey game, Holden confronts her and clumsily attempts to bait her into confessing, which she eventually does, and she storms out of the arena. In the parking lot, she angrily confirms the threesome but defends her past sexual experiences, wanting to continue their relationship. Holden leaves feeling unsure.Later, Holden meets Jay and Silent Bob, the inspirations for the characters Bluntman and Chronic, for lunch at a local diner. He hands them their monthly residual pay for book sales and discusses his troubles regarding Alyssa. The normally-mute Bob reveals that a couple of years earlier, he had a girlfriend named Amy in a relationship mirroring Holden's. Although he loved her, his insecurities about her past promiscuity caused him to break up with her. He regretted it and has since spent a long time "chasing Amy".Inspired by Bob's story, Holden devises a plan to fix both his relationship with Alyssa and his fractured friendship with Banky. He invites them over and tells Alyssa that he would like to get over her past and remain her boyfriend while telling Banky that he realizes that he is in love with Holden, kissing him passionately to prove it. He proposes a threesome, which he believes will both end his envy towards Alyssa's broader experiences and resolve Banky's issues with them being a couple. The initially shocked Banky agrees to participate, but is relieved when an appalled Alyssa declines, reasoning that the offensive proposal will not salvage their relationship. Alyssa and Banky both silently depart.One year later, at a convention, Banky, while promoting his own comic Baby Dave, reveals to a fan that he now owns the publishing and creative rights to Bluntman and Chronic, having dissolved his partnership with Holden. Holden silently congratulates Banky on the success of Baby Dave, and Banky gestures him over to a booth hosted by Alyssa, encouraging him to speak to her. During their brief emotional conversation, Holden gives her a copy of Chasing Amy, his new comic based on their failed relationship, and asks her to contact him if she has anything to say about it. After he departs, Alyssa's new girlfriend arrives and asks about him. Smiling and teary-eyed, Alyssa feigns indifference, casually moves his comic aside, and dismissively replies, "Oh, just some guy I knew."
269	Full Monty, The (1997)	Comedy	In the mid-1990s, the once-successful steel mills of Sheffield, South Yorkshire have shut down and most of the workers have been made redundant. Former steelworkers Gary "Gaz" Schofield and Dave Horsfall resort to stealing scrap metal from the abandoned mills and selling it to make money, taking Gaz's son Nathan with them for assistance, but a security guard keeps surprising them and locking them inside the mill.Gaz is facing trouble from his former wife Mandy and her boyfriend Barry over child support payments that he cannot pay since losing his job. Nathan lives with Mandy and Barry but Gaz has joint custody of him with Mandy. Mandy is seeking a court ruling giving her sole custody of Nathan.One day, Gaz spots a crowd of women lined up outside a club to see a Chippendales' striptease act, and is inspired to form his own striptease group using local men, hoping to make enough money to pay off his child support obligations. The first to join the group is Lomper, a security guard at the mill where Dave and Gaz once worked, whose suicide attempt they interrupt. Next, they recruit Gerald Cooper, their former foreman, who is hiding his unemployment from his wife. Gaz and Dave see Gerald and his wife, Linda, at a dance class, and recruit him to teach them some moves.Looking for more recruits, the four men hold an open audition and settle on Horse, an older man who is a good dancer, and Guy, who cannot dance but proves to be unusually well-endowed. The six men begin to practise their act. Gaz then learns that he has to pay a £100 deposit to secure the club for the night. He cannot afford this, but Nathan gets the money out of his savings, saying that he trusts Gaz to repay him. When they are greeted by two women while putting up posters for the show, Gaz boasts that they are better than the real Chippendales because they go "the full monty". Dave, struggling with his body image, drops out and finds a job as a security guard at Asda. The others publicly rehearse at the mill for some female relatives of Horse, but a passing policeman catches them mid-show, and Gaz, Gerald and Horse are arrested for indecent exposure, costing Gaz the right to see Nathan. Lomper and Guy escape to Lomper's house and start a relationship.Gerald is thrown out by Linda after bailiffs arrive at their house and seize their belongings to pay Gerald's debts, resulting in him having to stay with Gaz. Later Gaz goes to Asda and asks Dave if he could "borrow" a jacket for Lomper's mother's funeral. Dave agrees and also decides to quit his security job. They steal two suit jackets and go to the funeral.Soon, the group find that the act and their arrest has popularised them. They agree to forgo the plan, until Gaz learns that the show is sold out. He convinces the others to do it just for one night only. Initially Dave still refuses, but regains his confidence after encouragement from his wife, Jean, and joins the rest of the group minutes before they go on stage. Nathan also arrives with Dave, having secretly come along, and tells Gaz that Mandy is there, but she would not let Barry go with her.Gaz refuses to do the act because there are men in the audience (including the police officers who watched the footage of the security camera's recording of them earlier), when the posters were supposed to say it was for women only. The other five are starting the act when Nathan orders Gaz to go out on stage. Gaz, proud of his son, joins the others and performs in front of the audience and Mandy, who seems to see him in a new light. Their act is a success.
270	Gattaca (1997)	Drama, Sci-Fi, Thriller	In the "not-too-distant" future, eugenics is common. A genetic registry database uses biometrics to classify those so created as "valids" while those conceived naturally and more susceptible to genetic disorders are known as "in-valids". Genetic discrimination is illegal, but in practice genotype profiling is used to identify valids to qualify for professional employment while in-valids are relegated to menial jobs.Vincent Freeman was conceived naturally, and his genetic profile indicates a high probability of several disorders and an estimated lifespan of 30.2 years. His parents, regretting their decision, use genetic selection in conceiving their second child, Anton Jr. Growing up, the two brothers often play a game of "chicken" by swimming out to sea as far as possible, with the first one returning to shore considered the loser; Vincent always loses. Vincent dreams of a career in space travel, but is always reminded of his genetic inferiority. One day, Vincent challenges Anton to a game of chicken and beats him. Anton starts to drown and is saved by Vincent. Shortly after, Vincent leaves home.Years later, Vincent works cleaning office spaces, including that of spaceflight conglomerate Gattaca Aerospace Corporation. He gets a chance to pose as a valid by using donated hair, skin, blood, and urine samples from former swimming star Jerome Eugene Morrow, who was paralyzed after being hit by a car. With Jerome's genetic makeup, Vincent gains employment at Gattaca and is assigned as a navigator for an upcoming mission to Saturn's moon Titan. To conceal his identity, Vincent must meticulously groom and scrub down daily to remove his own genetic material, pass daily DNA scanning and urine tests using Jerome's samples, and hide his heart defect.When a Gattaca administrator is murdered a week before a possible launch, the police find one of Vincent's eyelashes near the crime scene, but can only identify it as from an "unregistered" in-valid, and thus launch an investigation to find who owns the eyelash. During this, Vincent becomes close to a co-worker, Irene Cassini, and falls in love with her. Though a valid, Irene has a higher risk of heart failure that will bar her from any deep space mission. Vincent also learns that Jerome's paralysis is self-inflicted; after placing silver in the Olympics, Jerome threw himself in front of a car. Jerome maintains that he was designed to be the best, yet somehow wasn't, and is suffering because of this.Vincent repeatedly evades the grasp of the investigation. Finally, it is revealed that Gattaca's mission director Josef killed the administrator because he threatened to cancel the mission. Vincent learns that the detective who closed the case was his brother Anton, who consequently has discovered Vincent's presence. The brothers meet, and Anton warns Vincent about his illegal actions, but Vincent asserts that he has gotten to this position on his own merits. Anton challenges Vincent to a final game of chicken. As the two swim out at night, Vincent's stamina surprises Anton, so Vincent reveals that he won by not saving energy for the swim back. Anton turns back and begins to drown, but Vincent rescues him and swims them back to shore.On the day of the launch, Jerome reveals that he has stored enough DNA samples for Vincent to last two lifetimes upon his return and gives him an envelope to open once in flight. After saying goodbye to Irene, Vincent prepares to board, but discovers there is a final genetic test, and he currently lacks any of Jerome's samples. He is surprised when Dr. Lamar, who oversees background checks, reveals that he knows Vincent has been posing as a valid. Lamar admits that his son looks up to Vincent and wonders whether his son, who is genetically selected, but "not all that they promised", could exceed his potential just as Vincent has. The doctor changes the test results, allowing Vincent to pass.As the rocket launches, Jerome dons his swimming medal and immolates himself in his home's incinerator. Vincent opens the note to find a lock of Jerome's hair.
271	Starship Troopers (1997)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi, War	In the future, Earth is governed by the United Citizen Federation, a stratocratic regime founded generations earlier by "veterans" after democracy and social scientists brought civilization to the brink of ruin. Citizenship is exclusively earned through federal service, which grants rights—like voting and procreation—that are withheld from ordinary civilians. Humans, who are now capable of interstellar travel, conduct colonization missions throughout the galaxy, bringing them into conflict with a race of highly evolved insectoid creatures dubbed "Arachnids" or, derisively, "bugs".Against his parents' objections, teenage jock Johnny Rico enlists in the Mobile Infantry to remain close to his girlfriend, spaceship pilot Carmen Ibanez. Their psychic friend Carl Jenkins joins military intelligence, while Isabelle "Dizzy" Flores—who is in love with Rico—deliberately transfers to his squad. Carmen ends her relationship with Rico due to their diverging career paths and her growing feelings for a fellow pilot, Zander Barcalow. During training, Rico impresses his drill sergeant, Zim, earning a promotion to squad leader. However, Rico makes a mistake during a training exercise, which leads to the death of a squad member and the resignation of another, resulting in Rico's demotion and flogging. Disheartened, Rico quits, but re-enlists after learning that an asteroid sent by the Arachnids has destroyed Buenos Aires, killing millions, including his parents.An invasion force is deployed to Klendathu, the Arachnids' home planet, but military intelligence underestimates the Arachnids' defensive abilities, leading to hundreds of thousands of human casualties. Badly wounded, Rico is rescued by Lieutenant Jean Rasczak, his former high school teacher, but is mistakenly reported dead, devastating Carmen. Following his recovery, Rico, Dizzy, and squadmate Ace Levy join Rasczak's elite unit, the Roughnecks. After Rico defeats a gigantic "Tanker Bug" on the disputed planet of Tango Urilla, he is elevated to the rank of corporal for his valor and begins a romantic relationship with Dizzy.Responding to a distress signal on the Arachnid-controlled Planet P, the Roughnecks discover an Arachnid-ravaged outpost and are ambushed by the bugs. Carmen and Zander recover the surviving Roughnecks by dropship, but not before Dizzy is fatally impaled by an Arachnid and Rico mercy kills the mutilated Rasczak. The group returns to the fleet assembled in orbit above P, where Dizzy is eulogized.Jenkins, now a colonel, reveals the Roughnecks were deliberately ordered into the trap, justifying it as a necessary sacrifice to confirm the existence of a "Brain Bug", an intelligent Arachnid strategically directing the others. He assigns Rico command of the Roughnecks and field-promotes him to lieutenant, instructing him to return to P and capture the Brain Bug. As the battle commences, Carmen's ship is destroyed by the Arachnids, but an escape pod carrying her and Zander crashes into an underground tunnel system. The pair are captured by the Arachnids and the Brain Bug consumes Zander's brain, absorbing his knowledge. Rico directs his squad to complete their mission while he, Ace, and their squadmate Watkins rescue Carmen and hold the Arachnids at bay with a miniature nuclear bomb.The Brain Bug escapes while the Arachnids attack and fatally wound Watkins, who sacrifices himself by detonating the bomb while his teammates escape. On the surface, they learn that Zim has captured the Brain Bug and the assembled troops rejoice as Jenkins psychically detects it is afraid. A propaganda broadcast details how the Brain Bug is being invasively studied to learn its secrets and ensure humanity's victory. The ad encourages viewers to enlist and do their part in the war so they can become like Carmen, now captain of her own ship, and Rico, who enthusiastically leads his troops into another battle.
272	Good Will Hunting (1997)	Drama	Twenty-year-old Will Hunting of South Boston is a self-taught math genius who was recently paroled after completing a prison term. He works as a janitor at MIT, and spends his free time drinking with his friends Chuckie, Billy and Morgan.When Professor Gerald Lambeau posts a difficult graph theory mathematics problem on a blackboard as a challenge for his graduate students, Will solves the problem anonymously, stunning both the students and Lambeau. As a challenge to the unknown genius, Lambeau posts an even more difficult problem. He later catches Will writing the solution on the blackboard late at night, but initially thinks Will is vandalizing it and chases him off. At a bar, Will meets Skylar, an English woman about to graduate from Harvard, who plans on attending medical school at Stanford.Meanwhile, Lambeau, realizing Will was not vandalizing the problem but solving it, asks the campus maintenance staff his whereabouts, but is informed he did not turn up for work. Lambeau learns Will was placed at MIT by a parole program, and obtains his parole officer's details.Will and his friends start a fight with a gang that includes a member who used to bully Will as a child. Will is arrested after he attacks a responding police officer. Lambeau sits in on his court appearance and watches Will defend himself. He arranges for Will to avoid jail time if he agrees to study mathematics under Lambeau's supervision and participate in psychotherapy sessions. Will agrees but treats his therapists with mockery.In desperation, Lambeau calls on Dr. Sean Maguire, his college roommate, who now teaches psychology at Bunker Hill Community College. Unlike the other therapists, Sean actually challenges Will's defense mechanisms. During the first session, Will insults his deceased wife, and Sean threatens him, but after a few unproductive sessions, Will finally begins to open up.Will is particularly struck by Sean's story of how he met his wife, who later died of cancer, by giving up his ticket to the historic game six of the 1975 World Series after falling in love at first sight. Sean's explanation for surrendering his ticket was to "see about a girl", and he does not regret his decision. This encourages Will to build a relationship with Skylar, though he lies to her about his past and is reluctant to introduce her to his friends or show her his home. Will also challenges Sean to take an objective look at his own life, since Sean cannot move on from his wife's death.Lambeau sets up a number of job interviews for Will, but he scorns them by sending Chuckie as his "chief negotiator", and by turning down a position at the NSA with a scathing critique of the agency's moral position. Skylar asks Will to move to California with her, but he refuses and tells her he is an orphan, and that his foster father physically abused him.Will breaks up with Skylar and later storms out on Lambeau, dismissing the mathematical research he has been doing. Sean points out to Will that he is so adept at anticipating future failure in his interpersonal relationships that he deliberately sabotages them to avoid emotional pain. Chuckie likewise challenges Will over his resistance to taking any of the positions he interviews for, telling him he owes it to his friends to make the most of opportunities they will never have, even if it means leaving one day. He then tells Will that the best part of his day is the brief moment when he waits at his doorstep, thinking Will has moved on to something “greater”.Will walks in on a heated argument between Sean and Lambeau over Will's potential. Lambeau leaves, and Sean and Will talk and it comes to light that they were both victims of child abuse. Sean helps him see that he is a victim of his own inner demons and to accept that the abuse he received was not his fault by repeatedly stating, "It's not your fault", causing him to break down in tears in Sean's arms. Will accepts one of the job offers arranged by Lambeau. Having helped Will manage his problems, Sean reconciles with Lambeau, deciding to take a sabbatical.Will's friends give him a used car for his 21st birthday so he can commute to work. Later, Chuckie goes to Will's to pick him up, only to find that he is not there, much to his happiness, as Will had finally done what Chuckie had been wishing for all these years. Will leaves a note for Sean asking him to tell Lambeau that he had to go "see about a girl", revealing he instead chose to reunite with Skylar, much to Sean's approval.
273	Heat (1995)	Action, Crime, Thriller	Neil McCauley is a professional thief based in Los Angeles. He and his crew—right-hand man Chris Shiherlis, enforcer Michael Cheritto, driver Gilbert Trejo, and newly hired hand Waingro—rob $1.6 million in bearer bonds from an armored car. During the heist, Waingro kills a guard without provocation, forcing the crew to eliminate the other two guards. McCauley prepares to kill Waingro in retaliation for the deaths of the guards, but he escapes. Unbeknownst to McCauley, Waingro is a serial rapist and murderer.LAPD Police Lieutenant Vincent Hanna and his team (Detectives Bosko, Drucker, Casals, and Schwartz) investigate the robbery. Hanna, a dedicated lawman and former Marine, has a strained relationship with his third wife Justine and struggles to connect with his stepdaughter Lauren. McCauley, who lives a solitary life, begins a relationship with Eady, a graphic designer. The pair bond over their mutual isolation from society.McCauley's fence Nate suggests that he sell the stolen bonds to their original owner, money launderer Roger Van Zant. Van Zant pretends to agree but instead arranges an ambush. Anticipating a trap, McCauley and his crew counter-ambush and kill the hitmen. Afterward, McCauley threatens Van Zant with revenge. An LAPD informant connects Cheritto to the robbery, and Hanna's team begins monitoring him, identifying the rest of the crew and their next target, a precious metals depository. The team stakes out the depository, and subsequently breaks in, but when a careless officer makes a noise, McCauley aborts the heist. Hanna refuses to arrest them for breaking and entering since he thinks their charges will be dropped down to misdemeanors.McCauley's crew agrees to one last bank robbery worth $12.2 million. Hanna tracks McCauley and pulls him over on the 105 Freeway, inviting him to coffee. They discuss their dedication to their respective jobs and the limitations of their personal lives; Hanna describes his failing marriage, and McCauley confides that he is similarly isolated. Hanna tells him about a recurring nightmare he has where he sees all the dead bodies he's encountered in his career sitting around a large banquet table, and McCauley tells him about a dream he has where he is drowning. Despite their mutual respect, both men acknowledge that they will kill the other if necessary. Waingro makes a deal with Van Zant to help eliminate McCauley's crew. Trejo quits the bank robbery at the last moment, claiming that the LAPD is following him too closely. McCauley recruits an old colleague, Don Breedan, to take Trejo's place as the getaway driver, and the crew carries out the heist.Tipped by Van Zant's associate Hugh Benny, the LAPD intercepts the crew as they leave the bank, leading to a massive shootout. During the gunfight, Shiherlis kills Bosko, while Breedan and Cheritto are killed alongside many police officers. McCauley and Shiherlis flee. However, during their escape, Shiherlis is seriously wounded by Casals. McCauley takes Shiherlis to a doctor to treat his injuries and leaves him with Nate. Suspecting that Trejo tipped off the LAPD, McCauley arrives at his house to confront him but finds him mortally wounded and his wife killed, both at the hands of Waingro. Before asking McCauley to kill him, Trejo reveals that Waingro and Van Zant forced him to divulge the bank heist plans. McCauley then agrees to put Trejo out of his misery and kills him.McCauley kills Van Zant in his mansion, while Hanna's team detains Benny. Learning of McCauley's connection to Waingro and that the latter is hiding in a hotel, Hanna uses Waingro as bait to lure McCauley. As McCauley prepares to flee the country, Eady discovers his criminal identity but agrees to go with him. Before escaping, Shiherlis attempts to reconcile with his wife Charlene after she has been forced by the LAPD to bring him in. As Shiherlis encounters Charlene at her safe house, she warns him away with a hand gesture, and he escapes.Having separated from Justine, Hanna finds Lauren in his hotel room, unconscious after attempting suicide. He rushes her to the hospital and saves her life. Hanna reconciles with Justine, although the two agree that their marriage will never work.McCauley drives with Eady to the Los Angeles International Airport to flee to New Zealand via private jet. However, when Nate gives him Waingro's location, McCauley abandons his usual caution to seek revenge. Posing as hotel security and triggering a fire alarm evacuation, McCauley infiltrates the hotel and kills Waingro in his room. However, as McCauley returns to Eady, he is spotted by Hanna and flees. Hanna chases McCauley onto the tarmac at the airport, and the two stalk each other before Hanna gets the drop on McCauley and shoots him in the chest. Hanna takes McCauley's hand as he dies of his wounds.
274	Sabrina (1995)	Comedy, Romance	Sabrina Fairchild is the young daughter of the Larrabee family's chauffeur, Fairchild. Sabrina has been in love with David Larrabee all her life. David is a playboy, constantly falling in love, yet he has never noticed Sabrina, much to her dismay.Sabrina travels to Paris for a fashion internship at Vogue and returns to the Larrabee estate as an attractive, sophisticated woman. David, after initially not recognizing her, is quickly drawn to her despite being newly engaged to Elizabeth Tyson, a doctor whose father is a business magnate.David's workaholic elder brother Linus fears that David's imminent wedding to the very suitable Elizabeth might be endangered. If the wedding were to be canceled, so would a lucrative merger with the bride's family business, Tyson Electronics, run by her father Patrick. This could cost the Larrabee Corporation, run by Linus and his mother Maude, over a billion dollars.After Linus manipulates David into sitting on champagne glasses in his back pocket, resulting in injuries that require David to be hospitalized and on painkillers, Linus redirects Sabrina's affections to himself in order to keep David's wedding on track. Sabrina falls in love with Linus, even though she quotes others as calling him "the world's only living heart donor" and someone who "thinks that morals are paintings on walls and scruples are money in Russia." In the process, Linus falls in love with Sabrina, surprising himself.Unwilling to admit his feelings, Linus confesses his scheme to Sabrina at the last minute and sends her back to Paris. Before she gets on the plane to Paris, her father informs her that over the years of chauffeuring the father of David and Linus, the partition was always open in the car and he was able to listen to the senior Mr. Larrabee's business dealings. When Mr. Larrabee bought stock, the chauffeur would buy too, and when Mr. Larrabee sold, the chauffeur would also sell. He then reveals that this has allowed him to amass personal wealth of over $2 million, although he continued to work as a chauffeur since he had a happy home and situation for the family. He is now able to give Sabrina the life that he and her late mother dreamed of for her.Meanwhile, Linus finally realizes his true feelings for Sabrina. He is induced to follow her to Paris by chiding from his mother and an unexpectedly grown-up and responsible David, who steps into his shoes at the Larrabee Corporation with detailed plans for the merger with Tyson. Linus arrives in Paris and reunites with Sabrina, revealing his love to her and kissing her.
275	Sense and Sensibility (1995)	Drama, Romance	When Henry Dashwood dies, his wife and three daughters — Elinor, Marianne and Margaret — are left with an inheritance of only £500 a year. The bulk of his estate, Norland Park, is left to his son, John, from his first marriage. John and his greedy, snobbish wife Fanny immediately install themselves in the large house; Fanny invites her brother, Edward Ferrars, to stay with them. She frets about the budding friendship between Edward and Elinor, believing he can do better, and does everything she can to prevent it from developing into a romantic attachment.Sir John Middleton, a cousin of the widowed Mrs. Dashwood, offers her a small cottage house on his estate, Barton Park in Devonshire. She and her daughters move in and are frequent guests at Barton Park. Marianne meets the older Colonel Brandon, who falls in love with her at first sight. Competing for her affections is the dashing John Willoughby, with whom she falls in love. Later one morning she expects him to propose marriage to her, but he instead leaves hurriedly for London.Sir John's mother-in-law, Mrs. Jennings, invites her daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Palmer, to visit. They bring with them the impoverished Lucy Steele. Lucy confides in Elinor that she and Edward have been engaged secretly for five years, thus dashing Elinor's hopes of a future with him. Mrs. Jennings takes Lucy, Elinor, and Marianne to London, where they meet Willoughby at a ball. He barely acknowledges their acquaintance, and they learn he has become engaged to the extremely wealthy Miss Grey. Marianne is inconsolable. Colonel Brandon then reveals that his ward Beth, illegitimate daughter of his former love Eliza, is pregnant with Willoughby's child and was abandoned by him; Willoughby's aunt, Lady Allen, had disinherited him upon discovering this. The engagement of Edward and Lucy also comes to light. Edward's mother demands that he break it off. When he honorably refuses, his fortune is taken from him and given to his younger brother, Robert.On their way home to Devonshire, Elinor and Marianne stop for the night at the country estate of the Palmers, who live near Willoughby. Marianne cannot resist going to see Willoughby's estate and walks a long way in torrential rain to do so. As a result, she becomes seriously ill and is nursed back to health by Elinor after being rescued by Colonel Brandon. After Marianne recovers, the sisters return home. They learn that Lucy has become Mrs. Ferrars and assume that she married Edward. However, Edward arrives to explain that Lucy has in fact wed his now-wealthy brother Robert, and Edward is thus released from his engagement. Edward proposes to Elinor and becomes a vicar, while Marianne marries Colonel Brandon.
276	Leaving Las Vegas (1995)	Drama, Romance	Ben Sanderson is an alcoholic Hollywood screenwriter who has lost his job, family, and friends. With nothing left to live for, and with a sizable severance check from his boss, he heads to Las Vegas where he plans on drinking himself to death. One early morning, he drives drunkenly from his Los Angeles home down to the Las Vegas Strip; he nearly hits a woman, Sera, on the crosswalk. She chastises him and walks away.Sera is a prostitute working for abusive Latvian pimp Yuri Butsov. Russian mobsters are after Yuri, so he ends his relationship with Sera for fear that the Russians might otherwise hurt her.On his second day in Las Vegas, Ben hunts up Sera. He introduces himself, and offers her $500 to spend an hour in his room with him. Sera agrees, but Ben does not want sex. Instead, they talk and develop a rapport; Sera invites Ben to move into her apartment. Ben makes Sera promise to never ask that he stop drinking; in return, Ben promises never to criticize her occupation. She thanks him and agrees to his terms.At first, the pair are happy; yet each soon becomes frustrated with the other's behavior. Sera pleads with Ben to consult a rehab clinic, but all her advice is wasted on him. While Sera is working, Ben goes to a casino and returns with another prostitute. Sera returns home to find them in her bed, and throws Ben out. Shortly afterward, Sera is approached by three college students at the Excalibur Hotel and Casino. She initially rejects them, proclaiming that she "dates" just one customer at a time. Eventually, however, Sera acquiesces when offered an increased price. After she arrives at the students' hotel room, the trio change their deal by demanding anal sex. When she refuses and attempts to leave, all three violently gang-rape her.The following day, Sera's landlady sees her bruised. She tells Sera to leave by the end of the week. Sera receives a call from Ben, who is on his deathbed. She visits Ben, and the two make love; he dies shortly thereafter. Later, Sera tells her therapist that she accepted Ben for who he was, and that she loved him.
277	Restoration (1995)	Drama	Young doctor Robert Merivel enters into King Charles II of England's service after saving the King's favorite spaniel. Merivel revels in debauched pleasure and popularity at court until the King arranges for him to wed Celia, a royal mistress who has fallen out of favor. The arranged marriage is to fool the King's favorite mistress, Barbara Castlemaine. Merivel is given an estate named Bidnold in Suffolk, and Celia is installed in a house in Kew where the king can secretly visit. Merivel lives a life of debauchery there, but also finds pleasure in restoring the house to its former beauty with assistance from Will Gates, the estate manager. Matters become complicated when Merivel breaks the King's cardinal rule and falls in love with Celia. The King commissions artist Elias Finn to paint Celia's portrait. Elias tricks Merivel into revealing his romantic feelings for Celia, who does not return Merivel's affections. After discovering Merivel's romantic feelings for Celia, the King banishes him from court and back to his life as a physician.Merivel rejoins his old friend, John Pearce, who now runs a Quaker sanitarium. There, Merivel meets Katharine, a troubled young woman whose husband abandoned her after their daughter drowned. Merivel and Katharine become lovers. When Pearce contracts consumption, Merivel tends his dying friend. They discover that Katharine is pregnant with Merivel's child. After Pearce's death, Merivel and Katharine leave.The pair returns to London just as the Great Plague has hit. Katharine gives birth to a daughter, Margaret, via Caesarean section, but dies from the procedure. Before her death, Merivel promises Katharine he will care for Margaret.As the plague continues killing people, Merivel is compelled to help as a physician. He leaves Margaret with a wet nurse, and goes into the city. He separates the sick from the well, who have all been quarantined together, and eases the suffering of the dying. When asked his name, Merivel says he is John Pearce, as a tribute to his friend.  Merivel realizes his life now is more rewarding and fulfilling than the one he left behind.Under the alias "Pearce" and in disguise, Merivel is summoned to the palace, where the King fears that Celia has contracted the plague. Merivel examines Celia and reassures the King that she has a treatable fever, and also that she is pregnant.  Before the King can express his thanks, the court is notified that a large part of London is on fire. Merivel races back to save his infant daughter but is unable to find her. He falls through the burning floor and lands in a small row boat below. Unconscious, he floats on the river current away from the city. He awakens back at Bidnold, being cared for by Will Gates. As Merivel recuperates, he grieves his lost daughter. Soon after, the King and his entourage arrive. Celia suspected the true identity of the "John Pearce" who examined her, and it was confirmed when a nurse came to the palace with Margaret, urgently seeking the whereabouts of Robert Merivel.  With that, the King steps aside and reveals the nurse holding Margaret, alive and well.  Impressed with the man that Merivel has become, and for his courage and good work in treating Celia and the plague victims, the King returns Bidnold to Merivel, promising it will never be taken away. The film ends with Merivel returning to London, with Margaret in his arms, to establish a new hospital with the King's assistance.
278	Bed of Roses (1996)	Drama, Romance	Lisa Walker (Mary Stuart Masterson) is a business executive who has gotten used to being alone but doesn't like it very much. She was abandoned by her birth parents and then spent most of her childhood being raised by Stanley (S.A. Griffin), a foster father who never really loved Lisa after her adopted mother died.One morning after finishing a business meeting, Lisa gets word that Stanley has died. Alone in her apartment, after attempting to feed her now dead pet fish, she breaks down and cries uncontrollably. The next day at work, Lisa gets an unexpected delivery of flowers from a secret admirer. Puzzled, she presses the delivery man for information on who might have sent her the flowers. He says the sender wants to remain anonymous. Lisa asks her friends for names and visits the flower shop to no avail.After getting to know each other better, the florist confesses that he sent them. Lewis (Christian Slater) runs a flower shop and often takes long walks through the neighborhood at night, trying to lose memories of his deceased wife and child. He saw Lisa crying in her window and hoped the roses would cheer her up. Before long, Lisa and Lewis begin dating but each has emotional issues to resolve before their story can have a happy ending.
279	Once Upon a Time... When We Were Colored (1995)	Drama	The film takes place in Glen Allan, Mississippi, during the mid-20th century. In the early stages of the film, the audience gains more knowledge regarding Cliff's upbringing. His biological mother was too young to take care of him and was not able to provide Cliff with financial support therefore he was raised by his extended family. Ma Pearl and Poppa begin to take care of him but after a couple of years, Ma Ponk begins to take care of Cliff and ultimately raises him, with the help of Poppa.Ma Ponk, Poppa, and Cliff are the three main characters in the film. Another scene that occurs early on in the film which helps to portray the racial climate during the 1950s in the South, is when Cliff and Poppa attend a parade hosted by the Ku Klux Klan and are confronted for being African Americans by a violent Ku Klux Klan member. As the film progresses, it is known that Cliff lives in a low-income, rural place where almost every adult is a laborer, most commonly a field worker. This is known when the narrator mentions that Cliff attends school in a single bungalow where his classmates are the children of servants, illiterate farm workers, poor field workers, and maids. Even his caregiver, Ma Ponk works in a cotton field picking cotton for a white farmer.Also, the majority of the people living in this small town are part of a Christian church where at times they come together and unite to stay strong against the social injustices placed upon them. Ma Ponk is religious and is an active participant in her local Christian church. As she is a faithful member, she attends meeting regularly and is part of the church's gospel choir. As the film progresses even more, the audience has the chance to see Cliff grow up into a hard-working young man with positive aspirations of becoming more educated. Cliff begins working for an older white woman, Ms. Mavory, who begins to show an interest in educating and enlightening Cliff. She asks him if he likes to read and he says yes therefore she then begins to make trips to the local library and checks out books for Cliff to read, which he otherwise would not have access to.One book that she checks out for Cliff is Homer's Iliad. Cliff reads it and mentions to Cleve that he actually enjoys reading the book. The fact that Cliff enjoys reading great classics and strives to excel in school shows that he does want to make a positive change in himself and in society. He does not make a radical change but instead makes a subtle positive change by choosing to work hard and continue his education. When Cliff grows older and finishes his high school education, he leaves his hometown to migrate North. He leaves the South in hope of finding a better life and reaching his dreams.
280	Up Close and Personal (1996)	Drama, Romance	Aspiring news anchor Tally Atwater makes a demo tape of a fake story and is hired by Miami station manager Warren Justice. Though she lacks polish and experience, Warren sees promise in Tally and decides to give her a chance, giving her tough love assignments to foster her talent. After a well-done news story about two immigrants who drowned off the shores of Miami Beach, Tally and Warren form an even closer mentor/mentee friendship built upon mutual respect and simmering attraction. On New Year’s Eve, Tally covers the first locally-born baby of the year, a child by convicted felon Fernando Buttanda. A heated exchange occurs on air between Tally and the lead male anchor. She confronts the station's perception that she is merely in her position because she is Warren’s “protégée” and threatens to quit.Tally tracks down and meets with talent agent Bucky Terranova, who takes her on as a client and lands her a position as a reporter in Philadelphia, a much larger market. Due to her impending departure, Tally decides to confront her feelings for Warren. The two end up physically consummating their emotional relationship, including a getaway to the Florida Keys before Tally’s move to Philadelphia.Tally struggles at her new post - largely due to hostile veteran reporter Marcia McGrath, who jealously protects her position as top reporter - and starts to lose some of the charisma that initially captured Bucky’s attention. At Bucky's request, and out of affection for Tally, Warren visits her in Philadelphia and talks her through missteps she has taken by trying to emulate Marcia instead of being herself. Encouraged by Warren, Tally begins to perform to her previous standards, leading Marcia to accept an offer from a station in Cincinnati, thus handing the position to Tally. Tally asks Warren to marry her and relocate to Philadelphia so that they can be together. On their honeymoon they come up with a story idea that looks at a “day in the life” of Fernando, who has been relocated to a Philadelphia prison. During this time, Warren’s backstory is revealed as he attempts to find a job in order to remain close to Tally.While filming the segment at the prison, a prison riot occurs wherein Tally and her cameraman Ned Jackson are taken hostage. Tally covers the volatile and groundbreaking story from within the prison walls as Warren looks on from outside, guiding her through her first national broadcast. As the story uncovers, she fulfills the potential that Warren initially saw in her. Her poise and bravery leads to an evening anchor position with the nationally-broadcast IBS News. While relaying the job offer to Warren, she discovers that he senses a developing story in Panama that he intends to cover. Warren tells Tally that she inspired him to want more, including possibly returning to journalism. Sadly, during Tally’s going away party at the Philadelphia station, it is reported that Warren and his crew were fired upon after wrapping up their story, resulting in Warren's death.The movie ends with Tally discussing the purpose of journalism. In a touching tribute, she notes that Warren had a hunch, followed it, and ultimately got the story.
281	River Wild, The (1994)	Action, Thriller	A Boston couple, Gail and Tom Hartman, are having marital problems, mostly due to Tom, an architect, spending so much time working. Gail, a history teacher and former river guide, is taking their son, Roarke, on a rafting trip down the Salmon River in Idaho, along with their dog, Maggie. Their daughter, Willa, is staying behind with Gail's parents in Idaho. Tom, who had remained in Boston, unexpectedly joins them at the last minute. As they are setting off, they meet three other rafters, Wade, Terry, and Frank, who appear to be friendly.The Hartmans catch up with the trio during a day break, and notice that Frank is no longer with Wade and Terry. They explain that he hiked out after an argument. Unfortunately, he was their guide, and Wade and Terry lack any rafting experience. Gail offers to guide them down the rest of the river. Before getting back on the water, Maggie wanders off and becomes curious about something in the brush farther up the canyon. Tom fetches her before she uncovers it, and they return to the raft.After a day's rafting, they make camp for the night, but Tom continues working on his architectural project, disappointing Roarke, who feels neglected. They are joined by Wade and Terry, who help celebrate Roarke's birthday that night. After Wade begins acting suspiciously, Gail agrees with Tom that they should part ways with him and Terry. Their plans are upended when Wade and Terry shove off first with Roarke aboard their raft. Wade, showing off to Roarke, reveals they have a gun. During a rest stop, Gail and Tom attempt to take off with Roarke before Wade and Terry notice. That fails, and Wade pulls the gun on Tom. As they struggle, Maggie runs off into the bushes. Gail then realizes that Wade and Terry committed a recently reported robbery and have killed Frank, who was wounded during the robbery and was slowing them down.The Hartmans are forced down the river at gunpoint before setting up camp for the night. During the night, Tom tries and fails to wrestle the gun away from Terry. Tom runs into the river with Wade chasing him. Wade shoots at Tom and appears to have hit him. Wade returns telling Gail and Roarke that Tom is dead. It is then revealed that Wade’s gunshot had missed Tom, and he had escaped. The next day they run into a ranger, Johnny, who knows that Gail intends to run the Gauntlet, and warns her not to try. Wade shoots him and throws his body into the rapids.Unbeknownst to anyone, Tom, who finds Maggie, is racing on foot along the canyon rim to get ahead of the raft. After a harrowing ride, the group makes it through the Gauntlet. Tom reappears, and flips the raft. As he struggles with Terry, Gail is able to get the gun. She shoots and kills Wade while Tom subdues Terry. A helicopter with rangers aboard arrives, and they arrest Terry. Gail and Tom share a kiss by the rapids. The film ends with the Hartmans in embrace.
282	Time to Kill, A (1996)	Drama	In Canton, Mississippi, ten-year-old African American girl Tonya Hailey is abducted, raped, and beaten by two local white men, Billy Ray Cobb and Pete Willard, while on her way home from getting groceries. The duo dump her in a nearby river after a failed attempt to hang her. Tonya survives, and Sheriff Ozzie Walls arrests Cobb and Willard. Tonya's father, Carl Lee Hailey, contacts Jake Brigance, a white lawyer who previously defended his brother Lester. Jake admits the possibility that the rapists will walk free. Carl Lee goes to the county courthouse and opens fire with an automatic rifle, killing both rapists and unintentionally wounding Deputy Dwayne Looney, whose leg is later amputated. Carl Lee is arrested, and Jake agrees to defend him.As the rape and subsequent revenge killing gain national media attention, district attorney Rufus Buckley decides to take the case in hopes of furthering his political career. He seeks the death penalty, and presiding Judge Omar Noose denies Jake a change of venue to a more ethnically diverse county, meaning that Carl Lee will face an all-white jury. Brigance seeks help from his defense team: law student Ellen Roark, close friend Harry Rex Vonner, and former mentor and longtime activist Lucien Wilbanks, a once-great civil rights lawyer. Meanwhile, Billy Ray's brother, Freddie Lee Cobb, plans to avenge Billy's death by joining and enlisting the help of the Mississippi branch of the Ku Klux Klan and its Grand Dragon, Stump Sisson, to ensure Carl Lee's conviction and death sentence by any means necessary.On the first day of the trial, the Klan takes to the streets and rallies, only to be outnumbered by counter-protesters consisting of the area's minority residents as well as white locals who support Carl Lee's acquittal. The protest erupts into a violent brawl that results in dozens of injuries and Sisson's death. The Klan also begins to target Jake, assaulting his elderly secretary and her husband, the latter of whom dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault. They also burn a cross on his lawn and threaten his wife and daughter which forces him to send them away during the trial. When Jake refuses to back down, the Klan then increases their attacks, including kidnapping and assaulting Ellen and burning Jake's house down.Jake is able to discredit the state's psychiatrist, Dr. Wilbert Rodeheaver. However, Buckley, in turn, discredits Jake's psychiatrist, Dr. Willard Tyrell Bass, by revealing his prior conviction of statutory rape. Dispirited, Jake tells Carl Lee that there is little hope for an acquittal and tries to persuade him to take a plea deal that will imprison him for life but spare him execution. Carl Lee refuses this, replying that he had chosen Jake as an attorney because he is a white man and has insight into how the jury sees Carl Lee. During closing arguments, a deeply-shaken Jake tells the jury to close their eyes and listen as he describes the entire ordeal of Tonya, to which some of the jurors shed tears. In his final comment, Jake asks the jury to imagine how they would feel if she were white.After deliberation, the jury finds Carl Lee not guilty of all charges. Jubilation ensues among the supporters while the Klan becomes enraged over their defeat. Meanwhile, Sheriff Walls arrests Freddie Lee for his crimes, as well as a corrupt deputy who is also revealed to be a Klansman. Sometime later, Jake brings his wife and daughter to a family cookout at Carl Lee's house to celebrate his freedom, challenging Carl Lee's previous statement that their children would never play together.
283	Emma (1996)	Drama, Romance	In early 19th-century England, Emma Woodhouse is a spirited, proud young woman of wealth and high rank who fancies herself worldlier than merited by her limited life experience. After her governess, Miss Taylor, marries Mr Weston, Emma proudly takes credit for bringing the couple together and now considers herself a matchmaker within her small community. Her father and an intimate family friend, George Knightley, whose brother is married to Emma's sister, dispute her naive assumption that she knows who among her acquaintance should be paired. Though acknowledging good intentions, they discourage any further matchmaking attempts. Ignoring their warnings, she schemes to match Mr Elton, the haughty village clergyman with social aspirations, with her new friend, Harriet Smith, a good-natured young woman of uncertain parentage.Robert Martin, a respectable local farmer, proposes to Harriet, who is infatuated with Martin and inclined to accept. Believing Harriet can have better prospects, Emma urges her to refuse him. Knightley warns Emma not to interfere, asserting that Martin is a young man of higher status than Harriet can reasonably expect. Disregarding Knightley's reasoning, Emma moves forward with her matchmaking scheme. Meanwhile, Mr Elton has aspirations toward Emma herself, flattering her by excessively admiring her watercolour portrait of Harriet and otherwise fawning over Emma. Never thinking that a clergyman would aspire to her high-born self, Emma mistakenly interprets Elton's attentions to herself as ways of advancing his interest in Harriet. When Elton fervently declares his love to Emma, however, she is taken aback and strongly rejects him. Emma's rejection and assumption that he should court Harriet, who Elton believes beneath him, offends Elton, who subsequently attempts to humble Emma whenever the opportunity arises. Soon afterwards, he marries a vain socialite who competes with Emma for status within the community.Mr Weston's son, the handsome and dashing Frank Churchill, visits from London, charming Emma and the community with his graceful manners. Though Frank is attentive to Emma, she nevertheless determines to match him with Harriet as consolation for Elton's rejection. However, it is later revealed that Frank is secretly engaged to Jane Fairfax, a beautiful but impoverished young gentlewoman who has been reduced to supporting herself as a paid companion. Emma expresses unreasonable dislike for Jane for the very maturity and cleverness that make Jane universally admired among the locals. Frank's financial prospects hinge on an inheritance from his aunt, who would disapprove of the match and disinherit him because of Jane's lack of fortune and social status. After this aunt dies, Frank announces his engagement to Jane, revealing that his feigned interest in Emma was a deflection. Emma is more offended at Frank's disregard for her matchmaking with Harriet than is Harriet herself, who states she has no interest in Frank, preferring Knightley. The gallant Knightley had "rescued" Harriet by dancing with her at a ball after Elton had blatantly snubbed her. It is subsequently revealed that Knightley has secretly been in love with Emma, his sister-in-law, who regards him as a brother who often criticises her high-handedness.During a country picnic, Emma's gauche attempt at wit ridicules the loquaciousness of the impoverished Miss Bates, deeply hurting her. After Knightley scolds her, Emma works to make amends with Miss Bates to regain Knightley's approval. Before Frank's secret engagement to Jane is revealed, Knightley mistakenly believes Emma is in love with the markedly attentive Frank and distances himself by visiting his brother and Emma's sister. During his absence, Emma frequently thinks about Knightley, but does not realise she loves Knightley until Harriet expresses her own infatuation with him.When Knightley returns, he and Emma meet and have a conversation that begins awkwardly, with Emma asserting that she has not been devastated by Frank's engagement to Jane. It ends with Knightley admitting his love and proposing to Emma and with her glad acceptance. Their engagement upsets Harriet, who for a time avoids Emma, but she returns a few weeks later, happily engaged to Martin, whom she always loved. All concerned attend Emma and Knightley's wedding.
284	Tin Cup (1996)	Comedy, Romance	Roy "Tin Cup" McAvoy is a former golf prodigy who lost his chance to become a professional golfer when he attempted a risky shot for the final round of the PGA Tour Qualifying Tournament rather than taking a safer shot. He owns a ramshackle driving range in West Texas, where he drinks and hangs out with his pal Romeo Posar and their friends.One day Dr. Molly Griswold, a clinical psychologist, arrives looking for a golf lesson. She has been dating David Simms, a top professional golfer who played with Roy at the University of Houston. Roy is attracted to Molly.The next day, Simms shows up at Roy's trailer ahead of a local benefit tournament. Roy thinks he is being invited to play, but Simms actually wants to hire him as a caddie. During the round, Roy needles Simms about laying up instead of having the nerve to take a 230-yard shot over a water hazard. A bet among the other players is made, and Simms fires Roy after he makes the long shot.To get even with Simms and prove his worth to Molly, Roy decides to try to qualify for the U.S. Open. He makes a play for Molly. She turns him down but offers to be his sports psychologist in exchange for golf lessons.In the first qualifying round, with Romeo as his caddie, Roy's game is excellent, but he insists on playing recklessly. They fight, and Romeo quits. Despite breaking most of his clubs in a tantrum, Roy advances to the final qualifying round. Without Romeo, he barely succeeds at the sectional qualifying round, earning a spot in the U.S. Open. Romeo returns and helps Roy with some swing problems.On the first day of the U.S. Open, Roy, playing hungover, shoots a horrendous 83. Meanwhile, Molly sees Simms' unpleasant side and decides she wants to be with Roy. With renewed confidence, he shocks the golf world by making the cut with a round record at 10 under par. Roy's third round is also excellent and moves him into contention.On the last day of the tournament, Roy is in a three-way battle to win. For the fourth day in a row, he takes a shot that repeatedly fails to keep the ball out of the water hazard. On his twelfth and final shot, facing disqualification, he reaches the green and gets the ball into the hole. Roy has blown a shot at winning the U.S. Open, but Molly reassures him that people will always remember his amazing shot.Back in Texas, Molly tells Roy that he automatically qualified for next year's Open. They kiss passionately.
285	Secrets & Lies (1996)	Drama	Hortense Cumberbatch, a Black optometrist in London, embarks on a journey to trace her family history following the death of her adoptive mother. Despite warnings about potential challenges, she discovers her birth mother is Cynthia Purley, a white woman working in a cardboard box factory in East London. Cynthia lives with her daughter Roxanne, a street sweeper, and tensions arise in their strained relationship. Cynthia's brother Maurice, a successful photographer, lives in the suburbs with his wife Monica, who struggles with depression over her inability to have children.Cynthia and Monica share a mutual dislike, with Monica viewing Cynthia as self-pitying and hysterical, while Cynthia sees Monica as greedy and snobbish. Maurice, caught in the middle, rarely visits Cynthia and Roxanne. However, they all anticipate celebrating Roxanne's 21st birthday. Maurice's surprise visit to Cynthia prompts an emotional breakdown, and he gives her money for house repairs, expressing a desire to host a barbecue for Roxanne's birthday.Roxanne, unknown to Cynthia, has a boyfriend named Paul, leading to a heated argument between mother and daughter. Hortense, determined to connect with her birth mother, contacts Cynthia and eventually persuades her to meet. In a face-to-face meeting, Cynthia, unprepared for Hortense's race, denies her identity until confronted with birth documents. Cynthia, overwhelmed with shame, slowly accepts the truth, and the two begin bonding.As Cynthia and Hortense develop a friendship, Roxanne notices her mother's newfound secrecy. Cynthia, planning to bring Hortense to Roxanne's birthday party, asks Maurice if she can bring a colleague from work. Despite reservations, Hortense agrees to attend and pose as Cynthia's friend. The party becomes tense, with passive-aggressive exchanges between Cynthia, Monica, and other guests.In a moment of nervousness, Cynthia reveals to Roxanne that Hortense is her daughter, leading to disbelief and anger. Maurice intervenes, convincing Roxanne to listen, while Cynthia and Monica quarrel. Cynthia berates Monica and Maurice defends her, disclosing her infertility, and urges everyone to share their pain rather than harbour resentments.Monica breaks down, Cynthia comforts her, and the two women reconcile with a hug. Cynthia reveals Roxanne's father was an American medical student who disappeared after a vacation encounter. When asked about Hortense's father, Cynthia cryptically replies, "Don't break my heart, darling," and then breaks down crying and Monica and Hortense comfort her. After the party, Monica expresses her love for Maurice, and Hortense visits Cynthia and Roxanne, expressing her desire for a sister. Roxanne, despite the complexities, welcomes Hortense as her half-sister.
286	English Patient, The (1996)	Drama, Romance, War	German gunners shoot down a British biplane flying across a desert. A group of Bedouin pulls the badly burned pilot from the wreckage, rescuing him.Hana, a French-Canadian WWII Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps combat nurse, discovers from a wounded soldier that her boyfriend has been killed. In October 1944 Italy, she is caring for a dying, severely burned English-accented patient who says that he cannot remember his name. His only possession is a copy of Herodotus's Histories, with personal notes, pictures, and mementos stored inside.When a nurse friend is killed in front of her, Hana decides that she is a curse to her loved ones. She gains permission to settle in a bombed-out monastery with her patient, as he is suffering during their hospital unit's relocation.Lieutenant Kip, a Sikh sapper in the British Indian Army posted with Sergeant Hardy to clear German mines and booby traps, joins them. David Caravaggio, a Canadian Intelligence Corps operative who was tortured during a German interrogation, also arrives there. He questions the patient, who gradually reveals his past. Over the days of the patient relating his story, Hana and Kip begin a love affair.In the late 1930s, Hungarian cartographer László Almásy is exploring a region of the Sahara as part of a Royal Geographical Society archeological and surveying expedition group, which includes his good friend Englishman Peter Madox, and British couple Geoffrey and Katharine Clifton, who provide aerial surveys using their plane.Almásy discovers through a Bedouin the location of the ancient Cave of Swimmers, containing cave paintings. As the group documents their findings, Almásy and Katharine fall in love. He writes about her in notes folded into his book, which she discovers when he awkwardly accepts two watercolours of the cave walls and asks her to paste them into the book.Upon returning to Cairo, they begin an affair, while the group arranges for more detailed archaeological surveys of the cave and the surrounding area. Almásy buys her a silver thimble as a gift. Geoffrey secretly watches her from his car and realizes that she is cheating. Months later, Katharine breaks things off, fearing the repercussions from Geoffrey. The archaeological projects are then halted due to the onset of the war. Madox leaves his Tiger Moth airplane at Kufra Oasis before his return to Britain.Caravaggio now seeks revenge for his injuries, so far killing the German interrogator who had his thumbs cut off and the spy who identified him but now seeks whoever provided maps to the Germans, allowing them to infiltrate Cairo. He suspects Almásy, asking "Did you kill the Cliftons?", to which Almásy concedes "Maybe ... I did".Almásy tells Caravaggio, with Hana listening nearby, about packing camp in 1941 when Geoffrey arrives in the biplane. He aims at Almásy, who jumps out of the way, and crashes. Almásy finds Geoffrey dead at the controls and Katharine badly injured in the front seat. It was an attempted double murder-suicide, as he uncovered their affair. Almásy carries Katharine to the Cave of Swimmers and observes that she is still wearing the thimble that he had given her as a gift on a chain. She declares that she has always loved him.Leaving her there with provisions and his book, Almásy walks three days across the desert. At British-held El Tag, he explains her desperate situation and asks for help, but a young officer detains him on suspicion of being a spy. Transported away by train, Almásy escapes and eventually comes across a German army unit. They take him to the Kufra Oasis, where Madox has hidden his plane. Exchanging maps for fuel, Almásy flies to the cave and finds Katharine dead. Taking her on the plane, they are burned when shot down. After hearing the story, Caravaggio gives up his quest for revenge.Kip is reposted once he has cleared the explosives; he and Hana agree that they will meet again. Later, Almásy tells her that he has had enough by pushing vials of morphine towards her. Though distraught, Hana grants his wish, administering the lethal dose. As he drifts to sleep, she reads him Katharine's final letter, written while alone in the cave. The next morning, Hana goes with Caravaggio to Florence, holding Almásy's book tightly as they ride away.
287	Marvin's Room (1996)	Drama	Marvin, a man who had a stroke 20 years ago, is left incapacitated and bedridden. He has been given care by his daughter Bessie in their Florida home, and ignored by his other daughter Lee, who moved to Ohio with her husband 20 years ago and has not since contacted her family.Bessie's doctor has informed her that she has leukemia (the same disease from which her and Lee's mother died in their youth) and needs a bone marrow transplant, so she turns to her sister for help.  Lee, in turn, turns to her 10-year-old son Charlie and 17-year-old son Hank, the latter of whom has been in a mental institution for setting fire to his mother's house. However, the rebellious Hank says that he will not submit to the test to find a bone-marrow match.Nevertheless, they all travel to stay with Bessie. When Lee learns that she may have to take over her father's care, she begins shopping for nursing homes, fearing that she will have to uproot her life. Eventually, however, the estranged family grows closer, and Hank agrees to get tested.As Bessie seems to get progressively worse, and testing reveals that the boys are not a match as bone-marrow donors, Lee comes to terms that it is now her turn to take care of her family. She familiarizes herself with her father's medications and walks into his room with his lunch to see Bessie flashing sunlight off the mirror that often makes Marvin smile.
288	Scream (1996)	Horror, Thriller	In the small town of Woodsboro, California, high school student Casey Becker is home alone when she receives a phone call from an unknown person. They discuss horror films until the caller turns sadistic, threatening her life and revealing that her boyfriend, Steven Orth, is tied up on her patio. The caller demands she answer questions about horror films to save his life, but Casey gives an incorrect answer about Friday the 13th, resulting in Steve's death. Casey attempts to escape, but is stabbed to death by someone wearing a "Ghostface" costume, and her disemboweled corpse is found hanging from a tree by her parents.The next morning, the news media descend on the town as a police investigation ensues. Casey's classmate, Sidney Prescott, struggles with the impending first anniversary of the rape and murder of her mother Maureen by Cotton Weary. The trauma has made her unable to consummate her relationship with her boyfriend, Billy Loomis. As her father Neil is traveling for work, Sidney waits at home alone for her best friend, Tatum Riley. She receives a call taunting her about Maureen's death and is attacked by Ghostface, who disappears just before Billy climbs through her window. Sidney immediately grows suspicious when he drops a cell phone, and Billy is arrested by Deputy Sheriff Dewey Riley, Tatum's brother. Outside the police station, Sidney gets into a physical altercation with investigative journalist Gale Weathers. Gale had written a book claiming that Maureen had multiple extramarital affairs, including one with Cotton, whom Gale believes was falsely accused of Maureen's homicide. Sidney stays at Tatum's home but receives another taunting call from the killer. The calls are traced to Neil's phone, but the police are unable to locate him.Following his release, Billy encounters Sidney at school and further upsets her by comparing his absent mother to Maureen's death. After suspending classes in the wake of the murders, Principal Himbry is killed in his office. To celebrate the school's closure, Stu Macher, Tatum's boyfriend, hosts a party at his secluded home. Dewey and Gale keep watch on the party in case the killer strikes again. Tatum is isolated in the garage by Ghostface, who crushes her neck in the garage door. As fellow high schooler Randy Meeks details the rules of surviving a horror film, news arrives of Himbry's murder. Most partygoers leave to see his body, nearly running over Dewey and Gale while inadvertently leading them to Neil's hidden car. Billy arrives at the house to reconcile with Sidney, and they finally have sex. Afterward, they are attacked by Ghostface, and Billy is stabbed. Sidney evades Ghostface, who kills Gale's cameraman Kenny and stabs Dewey when he returns. Gale, attempting to flee in her van, crashes and is knocked unconscious. Sidney seeks refuge inside the house, locking Stu and Randy outside as they accuse each other of being the killer.A seemingly wounded Billy emerges and allows Randy inside before shooting him in the shoulder, revealing himself as the killer and Stu as his accomplice. Billy confesses they killed Maureen because the discovery of her affair with his father led to his mother's abandonment. The pair abducted Neil to frame him for their crimes and proceed to stab each other to depict themselves as the last survivors. However, they are distracted by Gale's return, allowing Sidney to incapacitate Billy and kill Stu by dropping a television set on his head. Billy nearly stabs Sidney but is shot by Gale. After Randy remarks that horror film killers revive for a final scare, Billy lunges for them, but Sidney shoots him in the head, killing him. As dawn breaks, Neil is rescued, Dewey is taken away by ambulance, and Gale provides an impromptu news report about the night's events.
289	Evita (1996)	Drama, Musical	At a cinema in Buenos Aires on July 26, 1952, a film is interrupted when news breaks of the death of Eva Perón, Argentina's First Lady, at the age of 33. As the nation goes into public mourning, Ché, a member of the public, marvels at the spectacle and promises to show how Eva did "nothing for years". The rest of the film follows Eva (née Duarte) from her beginnings as an illegitimate child of a lower-class family to her rise to become First Lady; Ché assumes many different guises throughout Eva's story.At the age of 15, Eva lives in the provincial town of Junín, and longs for a better life in Buenos Aires. She persuades a tango singer, Agustín Magaldi, with whom she is having an affair, to take her to the city. After Magaldi leaves her, she goes through several relationships with increasingly influential men, becoming a model, actress and radio personality. She meets Colonel Juan Perón at a fundraiser following the 1944 San Juan earthquake. Perón's connection with Eva adds to his populist image, since they are both from the working class. Eva has a radio show during Perón's rise and uses all of her skills to promote him, even when the controlling administration has him jailed in an attempt to stunt his political momentum. The groundswell of support that Eva generates forces the government to release Perón, and he finds the people enamored of him and Eva. Perón wins election to the presidency and marries Eva, who promises that the new government will serve the descamisados.At the start of the Perón government, Eva dresses glamorously, enjoying the privileges of being the First Lady. Soon after, she embarks on what is called her "Rainbow Tour" of Europe. While there, she receives a mixed reception. The people of Spain adore her, the people of Italy call her a whore and throw things at her, and Pope Pius XII gives her a small, meager gift. Upon returning to Argentina, Eva establishes a foundation to help the poor. The film suggests the Perónists otherwise plunder the public treasury.Eva is hospitalized and learns that she has terminal cancer. She declines the position of Vice President due to her failing health, and makes one final broadcast to the people of Argentina. She understands that her life was short because she shone like the "brightest fire", and helps Perón prepare to go on without her. A large crowd surrounds the Unzué Palace in a candlelight vigil praying for her recovery when the light of her room goes out, signifying her death. At Eva's funeral, Ché is seen at her coffin, marveling at the influence of her brief life. He walks up to her glass coffin, kisses it, and joins the crowd of passing mourners.
290	Fierce Creatures (1997)	Comedy	Willa Weston arrives in Atlanta to take a high-ranking position in a company recently acquired by Octopus Inc.'s owner, Rod McCain. When he informs her he has already sold the company, she then agrees to run another recent acquisition, Marwood Zoo. She is to create a business model that can be used for multiple zoos in the future. Rod McCain's son Vincent, who is attracted to Willa, announces that he will join her at the zoo. The zoo's newly appointed director is a retired Hong Kong Police Force officer and former Octopus Television employee, Rollo Lee. To meet Octopus's revenue target of 20% from all assets, he institutes a "fierce creatures" theme. Believing dangerous and violent animals will attract more visitors, all animals not meeting those requirements must go. All the animal keepers, including spider-handler Bugsy, try to change Rollo's mind. One such attempt involves getting him to kill some of the cutest animals himself, but Rollo sees through their prank and fakes the animals' extermination. He keeps the animals in his bedroom which later causes Willa and Vincent to believe he is having an orgy with female staff. Rollo discovers that several staff members are faking animal attack injuries. He fires several warning shots at those responsible and Reggie rushes in, believing that one of them is shot. Rollo then finds a visitor who has had a genuine accident but, not believing it is real, tastes her blood whilst loudly proclaiming that it is fake. Willa and Vincent, upon seeing this fiasco, demote Rollo to middle management. Vince even threatens to fire him if he does not cease his apparent activities with the female staff.Vince covers both the zoo and animals alike with advertisements after garnering sponsors, dresses the staff in ridiculous outfits, and installs an artificial panda in one of the enclosures. His continued attempts to seduce Willa fail, while she comes to enjoy working at the zoo after connecting with a silverback gorilla. Willa finds herself attracted to Rollo after becoming fascinated by his apparent ability to attract multiple women. When he tries to discuss Vince's marketing plan, she suggests dinner, but she postpones when she remembers Rod is coming from Atlanta to discuss the running of the zoo.Worried that the visit might be part of a plan to close the zoo, Rollo and the zookeepers bug Rod's hotel room to find out. Although the plan goes awry, they discover he wants to sell it to Japanese investors who'll turn it into a golf course. Also, he plans to have himself cryogenically frozen whenever he gets ill so Vince would never inherit anything. Discovering Vince has stolen sponsorship money he raised, Willa warns him to return it, or she will tell Rod. As Rollo attempts to work out how the theft can be traced, he and Willa finally kiss, just as Vince arrives to return the money. A confrontation then ensues as Willa, Rollo, Bugsy, and several others attempt to stop Vince from running off with the money. Rod arrives just as Vince, who is holding a gun, is being subdued and announces the police are on their way to arrest him for stealing. Vince tries and fails to shoot his father, but then Bugsy takes the pistol and accidentally shoots Rod between the eyes. In the panic that follows, a plan emerges to fool Neville, Rod's business associate, and the arriving police. The keepers work together to dress Vince up as Rod, as he can imitate his father's accent fairly well. When they arrive, Vince (as Rod) tells them that he has rewritten the will, specifying that the zoo will become a trust for the caretakers while Vince will inherit everything else, and he asks all of them to be witnesses. After signing the new will, Vince locks himself in a caretaker hut where they fake Rod's suicide. Although Neville becomes suspicious, he is left dumbstruck when he finds his boss's dead body in the hut. Now free, the zookeepers destroy the evidence of McCain's ownership. Vince becomes the new CEO of Octopus, while Willa and Rollo happily begin a new life together while continuing to run the zoo.
291	Absolute Power (1997)	Mystery, Thriller	In Washington, D.C., master thief Luther Whitney breaks into the mansion of billionaire Walter Sullivan. He is forced to hide upon the arrival of Sullivan's wife Christy, on a drunken rendezvous with Alan Richmond, the President of the United States. Hidden behind the bedroom vault's one-way mirror, Luther watches as Richmond becomes sexually violent; Christy, in self-defense, wounds his arm with a letter opener. Richmond screams for help, and Secret Service agents Bill Burton and Tim Collin burst in, see Christy about to stab the President, and fatally shoot her. Chief of Staff Gloria Russell arrives, and they stage the scene to look like a burglary gone wrong. Luther is unnoticed until he makes his getaway, pursued by the agents, but he manages to escape with millions in valuables as well as the incriminating letter opener.Detective Seth Frank heads the murder investigation. Though Luther, known to authorities as a high-profile burglar, becomes a prime suspect, Frank does not believe he is a murderer because he was never a violent criminal. Burton asks Frank to keep him informed on the case and wiretaps Frank's office telephone. Just as Luther is about to flee the country, he sees Richmond on television publicly commiserating with Sullivan – a close friend and financial supporter of the president – on his loss. Incensed, Luther decides to bring Richmond to justice.Luther's estranged daughter, Kate, accompanies Frank to her father's home in search of clues.  Photographs of her indicate that Luther has secretly been watching her as she grew up. Fearing for her father's life, she agrees to set him up, arranging a meeting at an outdoor café. Frank guarantees Luther's safety, but Burton learns of the plan through the wiretap, and both Collin and Michael McCarty – a hitman hired by a vengeful Sullivan – prepare to kill Luther. The two snipers, each unaware of the other, try to shoot Luther when he meets with Kate. Luther escapes disguised as a police officer. Luther later explains to Kate exactly how Christy was killed and by whom.Suspecting that Kate must know the truth, Richmond decides she must be eliminated. When Luther learns from Frank that the Secret Service is surveilling Kate, he races back to D.C. to protect her. Collin rams Kate's car over a cliff edge. Luther arrives too late, but Kate survives. Collin tries again to kill her at the hospital with a poison-filled syringe, but is killed by Luther.Luther replaces Sullivan's chauffeur and tells Sullivan what truly happened the night his wife was killed. He gives Sullivan the letter opener with Richmond's blood and fingerprints and drops him off outside the White House. A shocked and enraged Sullivan then enters the building to confront Richmond. Later on television comes the shocking news from Sullivan that Richmond allegedly committed suicide by stabbing himself to death with the letter opener. Meanwhile, Frank discovers that a remorseful Burton has committed suicide and uses the evidence Burton left behind to arrest Russell. Back at the hospital, Luther reconnects with his daughter.
292	Rosewood (1997)	Drama	Mann is a mysterious World War I veteran who is scouting out land to buy. He comes to the town of Rosewood, a small and predominantly black town in Florida. Rosewood is home to the Carriers, an upwardly mobile black family, led by a matriarch, Aunt Sarah, and her proud, headstrong son, Sylvester. Mann soon meets Beulah "Scrappie" Carrier, Sylvester's young cousin and the two quickly fall in love.Aunt Sarah works as a housekeeper for James Taylor and his wife, Fanny, a white couple who lives in the white town of Sumner. Fanny, who has a history of cheating on her husband, has a rendezvous with her lover while her husband is at work. Fanny argues with her lover, who ends up beating her. Aunt Sarah and her granddaughter, Lee Ruth, overhear the argument and the subsequent beating but do not intervene. A distraught Fanny, despairing of explaining her injuries to her husband, leaves her house and calls for help. She then tells several townspeople that she has been beaten by a black man. The white residents readily believe Fanny's claim. Hearing of an escaped black convict named Jesse Hunter, a posse from Sumner and nearby towns goes to Rosewood to investigate. The black residents of Rosewood are quickly targeted by a white mob, including men from out of state and members of the Ku Klux Klan.As a stranger, Mann is afraid that he will be accused of attacking Fanny and lynched. He plans to leave town over the protests of several Rosewood residents who have met in a church to discuss plans to defend their community. Outside the church, Mann clashes with John Wright, a Navy Spanish American War veteran and the owner of a general store, one of the few white residents of Rosewood. Wright is also engaging in a torrid extramarital affair with Sylvester's cousin, Jewel; Mann leaves.When the posse arrives at the Carrier's home, Aunt Sarah attempts to placate the angry crowd. When she announces that Fanny Taylor's attacker had been a white man, someone in the crowd shoots her and she dies of her injuries. The posse comes and Sylvester shoots and kills two of its members. The posse falls back and a shootout erupts. After Aunt Sarah's murder, the posse attacks Rosewood. Mann is on his way out of town when he witnesses the lynching of Sam Carter, the blacksmith. Changing his mind about leaving, Mann returns to Rosewood to fight alongside the residents.The posse swells in number. Believing that James Carrier held information about the escaped convict, they seek him out. After making an unsuccessful attempt to intervene on James' behalf, Wright reluctantly allows Sheriff Walker to take Carrier into custody because the officer said he only wanted to question him. When Carrier says he doesn't have any information, he is immediately shot by one of the members of the mob. Wright gets upset and the mob accuses him of being soft on blacks.The violence escalates and spills out into neighboring towns. When the posse gets to the border of Alachua County, a group of armed deputized white men and a sheriff block the roads and turn them back. Surviving members of the Carrier family eventually escape on a train, which had been arranged by Wright. Scrappie and Mann finally share a kiss before Mann departs with Sylvester. The two plan to meet up later. After the violence dies down, James Taylor confronts his wife, Fanny. He realizes that Fanny has lied to him about the true cause of her injuries and had affairs with other men after being told by the sheriff and the townspeople. Officially the final death toll was eight people, two white and six black. Other accounts by survivors and several African-American newspapers place the number anywhere from 40 to 150.
293	Donnie Brasco (1997)	Crime, Drama	In 1978 New York City, Lefty Ruggiero, an aging enforcer in the Bonanno crime family, meets Joseph D. Pistone, a young undercover FBI agent posing as jewel thief "Donnie Brasco". Donnie insists that a diamond that Lefty has acquired from a strip club owner is fake; when the two confront the owner, Donnie beats him up and takes his car as repayment.Lefty teaches Donnie the rules of the Mafia and introduces him to members of his crew, including Sonny Black, Nicky, Paulie and rival crew leader Sonny Red. After the boss of the Bonanno family is killed, Sonny Black is promoted to lead the crew; Lefty resents the decision, believing that his years of service make him more deserving. As the crew runs a series of successful shakedowns and hijackings in the city, Pistone exploits his position as an associate in Lefty's crew to gather information for the FBI via wiretap recordings. He also forms a genuine bond with Lefty, who is struggling with family issues, a lifetime of debt, and his perception of underappreciation in the crew.Pistone is asked by his FBI supervisor to incorporate Miami-based undercover FBI Agent Richie Gazzo into the Donnie Brasco operation. He persuades Lefty to meet with Richie and set up an illegal gambling racket in a long-closed tavern that he owns. Lefty hopes to impress the local mob boss, Santo Trafficante Jr., by throwing a yacht party and persuading him to support his new business.Sonny Black finds out about Lefty's plan and intercedes by ingratiating himself to Trafficante and officially taking Donnie under his wing. Lefty believes that Donnie has betrayed him and cuts ties with him until Lefty's son nearly dies of a drug overdose, and Donnie is the only one who comes to comfort him. Pistone's marriage with his wife Maggie continues to worsen due to long absences while undercover, leaving her alone to look after their three daughters. Pistone's behavior increasingly becomes more like that of the criminal who he pretends to be, even hitting Maggie when she argues with him.On its opening day, Sonny Black's club is raided by corrupt Miami Police officers on Trafficante's payroll as a favor to Sonny Red. Suspecting a setup, Sonny Black and his crew return to New York and gun down Sonny Red and two other mobsters in an ambush. Lefty kills Nicky afterward for lying about a drug deal and because Sonny Black suspected that he snitched on the crew in Florida. Donnie is brought in to help clean up and dispose of the bodies.Sonny Black becomes the new boss, and Lefty orders Donnie to kill Sonny Red's son Bruno so that Donnie can officially become a member of their family. As Lefty and Donnie stake out Bruno's hiding place, Donnie tries to offer money to Lefty to leave the Mafia, but Lefty begins questioning his loyalty at gunpoint. Before they can kill Bruno, the FBI arrests them both (to protect Donnie's cover) and end the investigation.FBI agents visit Sonny Black's hangout and reveal Donnie's true identity to the crew. When Lefty is called to a meeting with his crew, he puts his valuables away for his girlfriend to find, knowing that he will be killed for letting an FBI agent infiltrate the Bonanno family. In a small private ceremony, Pistone receives a medal and a reward check of $500 for his service, and Maggie asks him to come home afterward.A postscript says that the evidence collected by Pistone in the Donnie Brasco operation led to over 200 indictments and over 100 convictions. Pistone lives with his wife under an assumed name in an undisclosed location, with a $500,000 open contract on his head.
294	Liar Liar (1997)	Comedy	Fletcher Reede is a divorced defense lawyer living in Los Angeles who loves spending time with his young son, Max. However, he has a habit of giving precedence to his career, breaking promises to Max and his ex-wife Audrey, and then lying about the reasons. After Fletcher misses Max's birthday party when senior partner Miranda lures him into having sex in the office to land a promotion, Max makes a birthday wish for Fletcher to be unable to lie for one day.Fletcher soon discovers that he is unable to lie, mislead, or withhold the truth. This alienates him from Miranda and his secretary Greta, gets his car impounded when he confesses all of his traffic infractions and unpaid parking tickets to a police officer, and causes him an inability to bend the truth in court.Fletcher's newest client is Samantha Cole, a gold digger who wants to get around a pre-nup with her soon-to-be ex-husband, Richard Cole. The main witness, Kenneth Falk, with whom Samantha has been cheating, is eager to lie in court to win, but Fletcher cannot suborn perjury. Meanwhile, Audrey is considering a move to Boston with Jerry, who proposed upon receiving a job offer there. Although they have not been together long, she accepts, to protect Max from future disappointments that Fletcher may cause him.Fletcher tries to delay the case by staging an assault on himself but is unable to lie his way into a continuance. Knowing that he cannot refute the proof of Samantha's adultery, he successfully disputes the validity of her prenuptial agreement after hearing her reveal her actual age during an argument. Discovering Samantha signed it as a minor without parental consent, this entitles her to 50% of Richard's marital assets, allowing Fletcher to win the case truthfully. However, Samantha also insists on contesting custody of their children for extra child support payments. Fletcher watches as she pulls her crying children out of Richard's arms. Horrified, he demands the decision be reversed, but the judge holds him in contempt. Fletcher calls Audrey to bail him out, but she informs him that their plane leaves for Boston that night. Greta, realizing he turned over a new leaf, pays his bail. Fletcher rushes to the airport, but Audrey and Max's plane has left the gate. In desperation, he hijacks a mobile stairway to pursue the plane onto the runway. He gets the plane to stop but is injured after he crashes the mobile stairway and gets thrown off. On a stretcher, Fletcher vows to Max that he will spend more time with him. He says that despite the fact that he is free to lie now that the 24 hours have elapsed, it feels better to be honest. Max believes him, and Audrey, encouraged by Jerry, decides to remain in California.One year later, Fletcher  and Audrey are celebrating Max's birthday. Max makes a birthday wish, only to find that Fletcher and Audrey are kissing when the lights come back on. Fletcher asks Max if he wished for them to get back together, but he says he only wished for rollerblades. The family returns to normal as Fletcher chases Audrey and Max around the house with "the Claw", a  game that Fletcher often plays with Max.
295	Breakdown (1997)	Action, Thriller	Jeff Taylor and his wife Amy drive from Boston to San Diego in a new Jeep Grand  Cherokee. Nearing the Arizona desert they nearly collide with a battered pickup. At a gas station the pickup's driver, Earl, angrily confronts Jeff before departing. On a remote stretch the Jeep stalls. Amy accepts a lift from a passing tractor‑trailer driven by Red Barr to reach a diner and seek assistance, while Jeff remains with the vehicle. Inspecting the engine, he discovers the battery cables deliberately loosened. After reconnecting them he arrives at the diner, where employees insist Amy never appeared. Jeff intercepts Barr's rig, but Barr denies knowledge. Sheriff Boyd searches the cab, finds nothing, and directs Jeff to the nearby town of Brackett.Returning to the diner, Jeff is approached by Billy, a seemingly slow‑witted mechanic, who claims Amy left with several men and warns him to avoid the police. Following Billy's directions, Jeff is ambushed by Earl, escapes by plunging the Jeep into a river, and is captured by Earl and Billy. They take him to Barr at an isolated hideout. Barr demands that Jeff withdraw $90,000, threatening Amy's life. In Brackett Jeff can access only $5,000, so he conceals one‑dollar bills between two hundred‑dollar notes and pockets a letter opener, abandoning an attempt to alert the bank manager when he suspects Barr's accomplices are watching.Earl collects Jeff, boasts of sabotaging the Jeep, and states the couple will be murdered regardless. Jeff frees himself with the opener, stabs Earl, ties him up, and forces him to reveal a rendezvous point at a truck stop. The pair are halted by Boyd. Earl fatally shoots the sheriff but is shot dead in return. After radioing for aid, Jeff goes to the truck stop and finds and hides beneath Barr's trailer and is carried to Barr's remote farm.In the barn Jeff discovers trophies from earlier tourist robberies. Billy and accomplice Al arrive with a bound Amy and lock her in a cellar freezer. Armed with a revolver, Jeff confronts Barr. A distraction from Barr's young son Deke allows Billy to flee, but Jeff forces Barr to open the cellar and locks him, his wife, and the child inside. The Taylors steal a pickup and flee. Billy dies when his car explodes, and Al is killed after crashing into Barr's detached trailer. On a steel bridge Barr attempts to ram the couple's truck, and Amy's leg becomes trapped. Jeff boards the tractor unit, wrestles with Barr and, after a struggle involving a chain, hurls him over the edge. Amy releases the pickup's brake, dropping the dangling semi onto Barr and killing him. The Taylors wait on the bridge for the authorities to arrive.
296	Promesse, La (1996)	Drama	The plot involves a father, Roger, who mercilessly trafficks and exploits undocumented immigrants. His son, Igor, is fifteen and an apprentice mechanic, who also works for his father in his labor contracting operation. When one of their illegal workers is seriously injured at the worksite, left to die, and the death concealed by Roger and Igor, a guilt-ridden Igor must choose between his father's chosen way of life and his promise to the dying man.
297	Ulee's Gold (1997)	Drama	Ulee Jackson is a widowed beekeeper in Wewahitchka, Florida. His son Jimmy is in prison following a botched bank robbery and Jimmy's wife, Helen, has abandoned their two daughters and is living in Orlando. Ulee's stubborn independence prevents him from asking for help, and he has his hands full running his business and acting as surrogate parent to Casey and Penny. Casey is a rebellious teenager and Penny is a timid 10-year-old who seems confused by her parents' absence and the tension at home.When Ulee visits Jimmy in prison, Jimmy tells him that Helen has turned up at the Orlando home of petty criminals Eddie Flowers and Ferris Dooley. They were Jimmy's accomplices in the robbery, but were never caught. Now they say Helen is sick, and Jimmy asks Ulee to bring her home.Ulee goes to pick up Helen, but it turns out what Eddie and Ferris really want is the stolen money that Jimmy allegedly hid after the robbery. Ulee agrees to ask Jimmy about it, and then takes Helen home. Helen's "illness" is actually drug addiction and, while she is almost comatose on the way home, she becomes violent and belligerent as she wakes up near the house. Ulee's tenant and next door neighbor, a divorced nurse named Connie, is brought into the home by a frightened Penny, and over the next few days helps Helen through her drug withdrawal.Meanwhile, Ulee learns that Jimmy hid the bank money in an ice chest under a wrecked pick-up truck left to rust in the swamp. He tells Eddie and Ferris he will bring the money to Orlando in a few days, but they decide they cannot wait and take Helen, Casey, and Penny hostage in Ulee's home. They are then tied up and left in the house as Eddie and Ferris force Ulee at gunpoint to take them to the money. As they are leaving Ulee's house, with Ulee driving, Ulee, uncharacteristically, makes the tires squeal. The unusual sound is enough to get the attention of Connie, who walks over to the house, finds the bound women and releases them. Most likely, she also calls the sheriff to alert him to Eddie and Ferris' actions. After the money has been retrieved, Ulee has an opportunity to kick the pistol into the swamp. The two criminals ride with Ulee back into town, then Eddie, angry about the lost gun, stabs him in the parking lot when they arrive. As Ulee stumbles away bleeding, Eddie and Ferris drive off but are pulled over almost immediately by the sheriff.In a newly hopeful Jackson household, Helen has stepped back into her role as a mother, and Jimmy expects to be paroled soon. Ulee is happy to return to his bees, but has mixed feelings about giving up some of his responsibilities, as Jimmy has asked to work with Ulee.  As he recovers from his wound he begins work on expanding his business to accommodate Jimmy's return, and seems to finally be taking a romantic interest in Connie.
298	Face/Off (1997)	Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller	FBI Special Agent Sean Archer survives an assassination attempt by Castor Troy, a terrorist-for-hire, but the bullet kills his son Michael. Archer then engages in an extended vendetta against Troy. It culminates, six years later, in his team ambushing Troy, who is with his younger brother and accomplice, Pollux, on a remote desert airstrip. Troy goads Archer by saying he knows of a bomb that is located somewhere in Los Angeles and is set to explode in a few days. Before Archer can learn more, Troy is knocked unconscious and falls into a coma. Pollux, in custody, affirms that the bomb is real but refuses to reveal its location.In secret, Archer reluctantly undergoes a highly experimental face transplant procedure by Dr. Malcolm Walsh to take on Castor Troy's face, voice, and appearance. Archer-as-Troy is taken to the same high-security prison where Pollux is being held in order to obtain information on the bomb's location. Troy unexpectedly awakens from his coma and discovers that his face is missing. He calls his gang, and they force Dr. Walsh to transplant Archer's face onto him. Meanwhile, Archer successfully learns the bomb's location from Pollux before being informed that he has a visitor. Anticipating a reunion with his colleagues and a return to his normal life, Archer instead finds Troy wearing his face. Upon revealing he has murdered everyone else who knows about the face transplant, Troy gleefully informs Archer that he looks forward to running his FBI career and ravishing his wife.Pollux is freed when he willingly tells Troy-as-Archer of the bomb's location, and Troy subsequently disarms the bomb. Troy earns admiration from the FBI office and becomes close to Archer's wife Eve and daughter Jamie, whom Archer had been neglecting while seeking to avenge the death of his son. Back at the prison, Archer-as-Troy escapes after staging a riot and retreats to Troy's headquarters. There, he meets Sasha, the sister of Troy's primary drug kingpin Dietrich Hassler, and her son Adam, who reminds him of Michael. Archer discovers that Adam is Troy's son. Troy learns of Archer's escape and hastily assembles a team to raid his headquarters.The raid turns into a bloodbath and many FBI agents and several members of Troy's gang, including Dietrich and Pollux, are killed. Archer, Sasha, and Adam all manage to escape. In the aftermath of the raid, Archer's supervisor, Director Victor Lazarro, angrily lambasts Troy-as-Archer for the unnecessary bloodshed he caused. Troy, still furious over Pollux's death, murders Lazarro and is subsequently promoted to acting director in his place. Meanwhile, after taking Sasha and Adam to a safe location, Archer-as-Troy approaches Eve and convinces her to test Troy-as-Archer's blood to confirm his identity. After testing the blood and being convinced that the man wearing her husband's face is in fact an imposter, Eve tells Archer that Troy will be vulnerable at Lazarro's funeral.At the ceremony, Troy has taken Eve hostage. Sasha arrives, and a gunfight ensues; Sasha manages to save Eve after taking a bullet. Archer promises a dying Sasha that he will take care of Adam and raise him away from criminal life. Troy briefly takes Jamie hostage, but she escapes by stabbing him with the butterfly knife that he lent her earlier for self-defense.Troy is forced to escape and reaches the docks, where he commandeers a speedboat while Archer commandeers another one to pursuit. The chase ends when Archer forces Troy to the shore in a collision. With their boats grounded, the two proceed to fight to the death. Archer manages to corner Troy at gunpoint with a speargun, while Troy tries to disfigure Archer's face as a last attempt to defeat him. Archer kicks Troy in the testicles, causing him to lose his grip on the gun and allowing Archer to finally kill him.Backup agents arrive and address Archer by his name, having been convinced by Eve of Archer's true identity. After the face transplant surgery is reversed, Archer returns home, where he adopts Adam into his family, keeping his promise to Sasha.
299	Hoodlum (1997)	Crime, Drama, Film-Noir	In 1934, Ellsworth "Bumpy" Johnson is released from Sing Sing and returns to Harlem, where mobster Dutch Schultz asserts his control of the lucrative numbers game. Schultz begrudgingly reports to Mafia boss Charles "Lucky" Luciano, who pays bribes to special prosecutor Thomas E. Dewey to protect his business.Reuniting with his cousin "Illinois" Gordon, Bumpy returns to the employ of Harlem crime boss Madame Queen, whose business is threatened by Schultz. Bumpy is introduced to Francine, a friend of Illinois' girlfriend Mary. Schultz’s meeting with the Queen ends in a standoff when he presents her with a rival’s testicles. Walking Francine home from a club, Bumpy charms her with his poetry.Madame Queen is attacked by Schultz’s men, led by black enforcer Bub Hewlett, but Bumpy and fellow mobster Whispers repel the assassins and rescue her. At a meeting of the Commission, Schultz states his determination to take over Harlem. After robbing Schultz’s operation with Illinois, Bumpy is chastised by Madame Queen for making his own decisions. Schultz then hires two hitmen, the Salke brothers, to kill Bumpy, and has his police contact, NYPD Captain Foley, arrange for Madame Queen's arrest. At a party, a 17-year-old named Tyrone asks Bumpy for a job, and Francine struggles to reconcile her feelings for Bumpy with his criminal ways.The Salkes break into Bumpy’s home, killing his guards, but Bumpy ambushes them and kills one while a terrified Francine shoots the other dead. Illinois is beaten and robbed by Foley and his officers, while Madame Queen is arrested for illegal gambling. Taking over her operation, Bumpy enlists Tyrone as a runner, and ignores the Queen’s orders to avoid violence. By May 1935, he is locked in an all-out war with Schultz. His wealth and power grow, as does the body count, including Tyrone. Bumpy’s attempt to comfort Tyrone’s mother at his funeral is rejected.At an ice cream parlor with Francine, Bumpy realizes his banana split has been poisoned. When the shop owner reveals that Bumpy’s associate Vallie ordered him to hire the new teenage employee responsible, Bumpy forces the boy to eat the poisoned ice cream despite his attempts to apologize. Whispers then kills Vallie with a razor. Bumpy confronts Schultz at the Cotton Club with Vallie’s severed finger, demanding he cease his Harlem operations, but Schultz refuses.Disguised as truck drivers, Bumpy and Illinois deliver a bomb to one of Schultz’s illicit breweries, narrowly escaping before the warehouse explodes. Illinois returns home to find Schultz had Mary killed in retaliation. Threatened by Dewey to end the bloodshed in Harlem, Luciano invites Bumpy and Schultz to a meeting, against both their wills.Visiting Madame Queen in prison, Bumpy is rebuked for inciting a gang war. Finding she can no longer accept who he is, Francine leaves him, and Illinois drunkenly confronts him over the innocent lives lost. Illinois is abducted and tortured by Foley, to Hewlett’s disgust, but refuses to betray his cousin. At Luciano’s meeting, Bumpy and Schultz refuse to settle their dispute. After finding Illinois’ corpse left as a message, Bumpy slits Foley’s throat while he's with a black prostitute, but spares Hewlett’s life and offers him a partnership.Bumpy accepts an alliance with Luciano, and Luciano’s driver – on Bumpy’s orders – informs Schultz that Bumpy will be meeting with Luciano’s accountant. Schultz and his men burst in; when the accountant pleads innocence, Dutch shoots him dead. At a restaurant, Schultz’s long-suffering bodyguard Lulu shoots him in the bathroom, and Schultz calmly returns to his table before dying. Meeting Luciano outside for payment, Lulu is shot dead. With Dutch eliminated and the gang war settled, Dewey – having received an enormous bribe from Bumpy, delivered by Hewlett – warns Luciano to stay away from Harlem. Hewlett and Bumpy part ways, and Bumpy arrives at Illinois’ funeral. After exchanging looks with Francine and Madame Queen, Bumpy walks out into the rain alone.
300	Air Force One (1997)	Action, Thriller	A joint operation between American and Russian special forces captures General Ivan Radek, the dictator of a rogue neo-Soviet regime in Kazakhstan that retained its nuclear weapons, threatening war. Three weeks later, U.S. president James Marshall attends a diplomatic dinner in Moscow, during which he praises the operation and warns the United States will not negotiate with terrorists. Marshall and his entourage, including his wife Grace and daughter Alice, and several of his cabinet and advisers, prepare to return home on Air Force One. Six Radek loyalists disguised as journalists led by Egor Korshunov board the plane.After takeoff, Secret Service agent Gibbs, a mole, enables Korshunov and his men to obtain weapons and hijack the plane, killing multiple security and military personnel before taking the passengers hostage, including Grace and Alice. Marshall is raced to an escape pod in the cargo hold and seemingly escapes as the pod is ejected. Korshunov breaches the cockpit, aborting the plane from making an emergency landing at Ramstein Air Base. A squadron of F-15s escort Air Force One as Korshunov has it piloted towards Kazakhstan.However, Marshall, a veteran of the Vietnam War and a Medal of Honor recipient, had hidden himself in the cargo hold instead of using the pod. He covertly kills two of Korshunov's men and obtains a satellite phone to communicate with vice president Kathryn Bennett, letting his staff know he is still alive and aboard the plane. Korshunov, assuming that it is merely a Secret Service agent in the cargo hold, contacts Bennett and demands Radek's release, threatening to kill a hostage every half-hour. Separating Alice and Grace from the group, he kills National Security Advisor Jack Doherty and Deputy Press Secretary Melanie Mitchell. Marshall unsuccessfully tries to force Korshunov to land by dumping some fuel after rewiring the plane's circuitry.Marshall devises a plan to trick Korshunov into bringing Air Force One to a lower altitude of 15,000 feet for a mid-air refueling so that the hostages can parachute safely off the plane. As a KC-10 tanker docks with Air Force One, Marshall escorts the hostages to the cargo hold, where the majority parachute to safety. Korshunov and his men discover the deception and catch Marshall, Chief of Staff Lloyd Shepherd, Major Norman Caldwell, and Gibbs. The induced turbulence severs the connection between the tanker and Air Force One, and the fuel leak ignites, destroying the tanker.With the president and his family now under his control, Korshunov forces Marshall to contact Russian president Stolicha Petrov and arrange for Radek's release. Bennett is urged by Defense Secretary Walter Dean to invoke the 25th Amendment, thus overriding Radek's release, but she refuses. While Korshunov and his men celebrate Radek's release, Marshall breaks free and kills Korshunov and his remaining loyalists. Marshall rescinds his order, and Radek is shot dead while attempting to escape.Marshall and Caldwell direct the plane back to friendly airspace but are tailed by a second batch of Radek loyalists in MiG-29s. The F-15s rejoin with Air Force One and engage with the enemy aircraft, but Air Force One suffers severe damage to its fuel tanks, engines, and tail controls from the MiG-29's gunfire, and an explosion from an F-15 when its pilot sacrifices himself to intercept a missile.A standby United States Air Force Special Operations Command MC-130E with the callsign Liberty 24 is called to help, sending parajumpers on tether lines to rescue the survivors. Marshall insists that his family and the wounded Shepherd be transferred first. When there is time for only one more transfer, Gibbs reveals himself as the traitor, killing Caldwell and the parajumper. Marshall attacks Gibbs and attaches himself to the transfer line at the last moment. Air Force One crashes into the Caspian Sea, killing Gibbs while the MC-130E airmen reel Marshall in to safety. With Marshall and his family confirmed safe, Liberty 24 is given the callsign Air Force One as it flies to safety.
301	In & Out (1997)	Comedy	Souled Out (1997) was the inaugural Souled Out professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Championship Wrestling (WCW). The event took place on January 25, 1997 from the Five Seasons Center in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. The pay-per-view was presented by the nWo in storyline and the official title of the event was nWo Souled Out. It was an nWo-themed pay-per-view, with nWo official referee Nick Patrick officiating all of the matches by wearing an nWo T-shirt and cap and the group's members Eric Bischoff and Ted DiBiase providing commentary. Eight matches were contested at the event and all the matches featured WCW roster versus nWo members. nWo leader Hollywood Hogan defended the WCW World Heavyweight Championship against WCW's The Giant in the main event as Giant invoked his title opportunity which he earned by winning the 1996 World War 3. The match ended in a no contest when the nWo referee Nick Patrick stopped counting the pinfall for Giant and the nWo members interfered to attack him.
302	L.A. Confidential (1997)	Crime, Film-Noir, Mystery, Thriller	In 1953, the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) aims to improve its public image following decades of corruption. Career-focused sergeant Edmund Exley lives in the shadow of his legendary detective father, whose murderer was never identified; Exley names the suspect "Rollo Tomasi,” representing any criminal who escapes justice. Fame-seeking narcotics sergeant Jack Vincennes collaborates with tabloid journalist Sid Hudgens to perform high-profile celebrity arrests, and volatile officer Wendell White uses violence to interrogate and intimidate suspects, particularly women-abusers, because his father murdered his mother.On Christmas Eve, White encounters high-class prostitutes Lynn Bracken and Susan Lefferts, and former officer Leland Meeks. They work for Pierce Patchett, a millionaire businessman operating Fleur-de-Lis, a clandestine prostitution ring hosting women surgically altered to resemble film stars. White begins a relationship with Bracken. Following the "Bloody Christmas" scandal—involving drunken officers beating inmates—Exley is promoted to detective lieutenant after persuading his superiors to save the department's reputation by only prosecuting securely pensioned officers. Exley coerces Vincennes to testify, while White refuses to comply and is suspended. White's partner Dick Stensland is fired for his involvement, making other officers hostile towards Exley. Following the imprisonment of powerful gangster Mickey Cohen, police captain Dudley Smith recruits White to frighten off criminals attempting to take Cohen's place. A spate of murders targeting Cohen's underlings leads to the disappearance of 25 lb (11 kg) of his heroin.Exley investigates a massacre at the Nite Owl coffee house, with Stensland and Lefferts among the victims. Three African American felons are arrested for the crime, and interrogation reveals the men have been raping a captive woman. White rushes to free the woman and executes her captor, planting evidence to suggest he acted in self-defense. The African-Americans escape the station and are killed by Exley in the ensuing shootout, closing the case and earning him a medal for bravery. However, unable to ignore inconsistencies in the case, Exley and White continue the investigation independently. White interviews Lefferts's mother and discovers Meeks's body beneath her house. He interrogates Cohen's ex-bodyguard, Johnny Stompanato, who reveals Meeks was trying to sell the stolen heroin.Hudgens and Vincennes orchestrate a homosexual tryst between struggling actor Matt Reynolds and district attorney Ellis Loew to create blackmail photos. However, after Reynolds is found murdered, a guilt-ridden Vincennes joins Exley's investigation. Vincennes learns that Meeks and Stensland formerly worked together under Smith, and dropped an investigation into Patchett and Hudgens blackmailing prominent businessmen with photos of their illicit trysts. He then confronts Smith, who shoots him dead. With his last breath, Vincennes says "Rollo Tomasi."Exley becomes suspicious when Smith asks him about "Rollo Tomasi", a name Exley disclosed only to Vincennes. Smith arranges for White to find photos taken by Hudgens of Bracken having sex with Exley. Enraged, White confronts and fights Exley until they realize that their investigations implicate Smith. They deduce that Stensland killed Meeks for the heroin, and Smith orchestrated the Nite Owl massacre to kill Stensland and framed the African-Americans. Exley and White interrogate Loew, discovering Smith and Patchett are taking over Cohen's empire and used the photos of him with Reynolds to coerce his cooperation. Exley and White later find Hudgens and Patchett murdered.Smith lures Exley and White into a remote ambush. Though badly wounded, the pair kill Smith's men. Smith offers to mislead the approaching police and further promote Exley, but Exley executes him to prevent him avoiding punishment. Despite Exley's evidence, LAPD officials decide to protect the department's image by claiming Smith died a hero; Exley agrees to cooperate as a second "hero" for further accolades. Outside city hall, Exley says goodbye to Bracken and White before they leave for Arizona.
303	Ulee's Gold (1997)	Drama	Ulee Jackson is a widowed beekeeper in Wewahitchka, Florida. His son Jimmy is in prison following a botched bank robbery and Jimmy's wife, Helen, has abandoned their two daughters and is living in Orlando. Ulee's stubborn independence prevents him from asking for help, and he has his hands full running his business and acting as surrogate parent to Casey and Penny. Casey is a rebellious teenager and Penny is a timid 10-year-old who seems confused by her parents' absence and the tension at home.When Ulee visits Jimmy in prison, Jimmy tells him that Helen has turned up at the Orlando home of petty criminals Eddie Flowers and Ferris Dooley. They were Jimmy's accomplices in the robbery, but were never caught. Now they say Helen is sick, and Jimmy asks Ulee to bring her home.Ulee goes to pick up Helen, but it turns out what Eddie and Ferris really want is the stolen money that Jimmy allegedly hid after the robbery. Ulee agrees to ask Jimmy about it, and then takes Helen home. Helen's "illness" is actually drug addiction and, while she is almost comatose on the way home, she becomes violent and belligerent as she wakes up near the house. Ulee's tenant and next door neighbor, a divorced nurse named Connie, is brought into the home by a frightened Penny, and over the next few days helps Helen through her drug withdrawal.Meanwhile, Ulee learns that Jimmy hid the bank money in an ice chest under a wrecked pick-up truck left to rust in the swamp. He tells Eddie and Ferris he will bring the money to Orlando in a few days, but they decide they cannot wait and take Helen, Casey, and Penny hostage in Ulee's home. They are then tied up and left in the house as Eddie and Ferris force Ulee at gunpoint to take them to the money. As they are leaving Ulee's house, with Ulee driving, Ulee, uncharacteristically, makes the tires squeal. The unusual sound is enough to get the attention of Connie, who walks over to the house, finds the bound women and releases them. Most likely, she also calls the sheriff to alert him to Eddie and Ferris' actions. After the money has been retrieved, Ulee has an opportunity to kick the pistol into the swamp. The two criminals ride with Ulee back into town, then Eddie, angry about the lost gun, stabs him in the parking lot when they arrive. As Ulee stumbles away bleeding, Eddie and Ferris drive off but are pulled over almost immediately by the sheriff.In a newly hopeful Jackson household, Helen has stepped back into her role as a mother, and Jimmy expects to be paroled soon. Ulee is happy to return to his bees, but has mixed feelings about giving up some of his responsibilities, as Jimmy has asked to work with Ulee.  As he recovers from his wound he begins work on expanding his business to accommodate Jimmy's return, and seems to finally be taking a romantic interest in Connie.
304	Fly Away Home (1996)	Adventure, Children's	After surviving a car accident, in which her mother Aliane dies swerving out the way of an oncoming truck, 13-year-old Amy Alden is brought from New Zealand to Ontario, Canada, by her estranged father Thomas Alden, a sculptor and inventor, to live with him and his girlfriend Susan.When a construction crew destroys a small wilderness area near the Alden home, Amy finds an abandoned nest of 16 goose eggs. Without Thomas, Susan, or her uncle David knowing, she takes the eggs and keeps them in a dresser in her father's old barn to incubate. When the eggs hatch, she is allowed to keep the goslings as pets. Thomas asks for help from local Animal Regulation officer Glen Seifert on how to care for the geese. Seifert comes over to the Alden house, and explains that the geese have imprinted on Amy as their mother. He explains that geese learn everything from their parents including migratory routes, but also warns Thomas that a private ordinance dictates that all domestic geese must have their wings pinioned (clipped) to render them flightless. He promptly tries to demonstrate the process with one of the goslings, which upsets Amy. Thomas throws Seifert off his property, only for Seifert to threaten the Aldens that if the birds start flying, he will have to confiscate them.Thomas decides to use an ultralight aircraft he had been constructing to teach the birds to fly and show them their migratory routes, but quickly realizes the birds will only follow Amy. Aided by his friend Barry, Thomas teaches Amy how to fly an ultralight aircraft of her own. David knows someone running a bird sanctuary in North Carolina, and arranges for the geese to go to the sanctuary. The birds have to arrive before November 1, or the sanctuary will be torn down by developers who plan to turn it into a coastal housing development.Amy and Thomas practice flying the aircraft, but Igor, the weakest of the geese, who has a limp, accidentally hits the front of Amy's aircraft and lands in an isolated forest. While the group goes off to search for the bird, Seifert returns to the Alden farm and confiscates the other geese. The next day, the Aldens free the geese, and Amy leads them on their migration to North Carolina, keeping Igor strapped in her cockpit as he is unable to fly in his current condition.Making an emergency landing at Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station in western New York on the south shore of Lake Ontario, Amy and Thomas almost get arrested. They become national news, with residents cheering them on.Thomas and Amy meet an old woman with a vendetta against goose shooting, and she invites them to stay the night at her house. That night Amy asks Thomas why he rarely visited her and her mother. From her mother, she knows that her parents were artists, who tend to be selfish, and that her mother left for both of their sakes. Thomas tells her that he was afraid and angry at himself for letting them leave, so he spent the next ten years buried in his work. He apologizes to Amy.Thirty miles before reaching the bird sanctuary, Thomas's aircraft suffers a structural failure and crashes in a cornfield; having suffered a dislocated shoulder he tells Amy to finish the journey by herself. Thomas hitchhikes to the bird sanctuary. While waiting for the geese, Thomas, Susan, David, Barry, and many animal enthusiasts stand up to developers who are waiting to start the excavation of the site.Amy eventually appears with the geese, much to the joy of the townspeople and Amy's family, and to the dismay of the developers. The townspeople and the Aldens celebrate their victory. During the end credits, a note reveals that all 16 geese - including a fully recovered Igor - returned to the Aldens' farm on their own in the following spring.
305	Ice Storm, The (1997)	Drama	In 1973, two families in an affluent Connecticut suburb experiment with adultery and substance abuse over one Thanksgiving weekend. One family, the Hoods, consists of parents Ben and Elena and their children, Paul and Wendy. Ben is dissatisfied with his marriage and his career.The other family, Jim and Janey Carver and their sons, Mikey and Sandy, are the Hoods’ neighbors and friends. Ben is having an affair with Janey to deal with his midlife dissatisfaction. His wife, Elena, is also bored with her life and looking to bring some excitement back but is unsure how to do so. Young Wendy Hood enjoys sexual games with the Carver boys and with her school peers. Paul Hood has fallen for Libbets Casey, a classmate at the boarding school he attends, though his roommate Francis is also interested in her. Ben thinks Mikey Carver is odd and withdrawn, while Sandy, the younger one, experiments with dangerous objects like toy explosives.When Janey does not show up for a tryst one day, Ben accuses her of losing interest in the affair. Janey reasons she can’t put the tasks and errands of her own family on hold for him. On the Friday night after Thanksgiving, the Hoods have an argument when Elena realizes her husband is having an affair with Janey. Despite the tension between them, the couple go ahead with plans to attend a neighborhood party. Jim and Janey Carver also attend. It turns out to be a "key party", in which married couples swap sexual partners through each woman selecting from a bowl a set of car keys contributed by each man.Ben drinks increasingly as the party progresses. When Janey chooses the keys of a younger man, a drunken Ben becomes agitated and trips on the floor. After being helped up, he retreats to the bathroom to sober up, remaining there for the rest of the evening. Meanwhile, a winter storm begins to descend upon the neighborhood.The other key party participants pair off and leave until only Jim and Elena remain. She retrieves Jim's keys from the bowl and returns them to him. After debating the issue, Jim and Elena leave together, engaging in a quick, clumsy sexual encounter in the front seat of Jim's car. Jim, regretting the line they just crossed, offers to drive Elena home.Wendy makes her way to the Carvers' to see Mikey, but he has ventured out into the ice storm. She finds Sandy, who has a crush on her, alone at home. She asks Sandy to climb into bed with her and they remove their clothing. They drink from a bottle of vodka, and after Sandy proclaims his love for Wendy, they fall asleep together.Paul is invited to Libbets's Manhattan apartment, but upon arriving, he is disappointed to learn that Francis was also invited. Throughout the night the trio drink beer and listen to music. Francis and Libbets also take prescription pills found in Libbets's mother's medicine cabinet. Paul confesses his feelings for Libbets, and in her stupor, she tells Paul she thinks of him as a brother. Paul leaves Libbets and Francis passed out in the apartment and just narrowly makes the train back to New Canaan.Meanwhile, Mikey, out walking in the storm, is enchanted by the beauty of the trees and fields covered in ice. He slides down an icy hill and sits on a guardrail. A moment later, a falling tree takes down a power line, which connects with the guardrail, fatally electrocuting him.Jim and Elena also get stuck due to fallen trees and return to the Carvers' house as dawn breaks. Elena walks in on her daughter in bed with Sandy and tells Wendy to get dressed. Janey has also returned home but is curled up in bed in the fetal position, still wearing her party dress.A sober Ben is driving back to his house when he discovers Mikey's body on the side of the road. He carries the body to the Carvers' house, and the two families are drawn together in grief. Wendy hugs the shocked and numbed Sandy in an attempt to comfort him. Jim is devastated, while Janey remains asleep, oblivious to the news. Ben, Elena, and Wendy later drive to New Canaan station to pick up Paul, whose train was delayed by the power outage. Once all four are together in the car, Ben breaks down and sobs uncontrollably at the wheel as Elena comforts him. Paul watches, assessing the real cause of his father's grief.
306	Mrs. Brown (Her Majesty, Mrs. Brown) (1997)	Drama, Romance	In 1863, hoping to subtly coax Queen Victoria toward resuming public life after two years of seclusion, Scottish servant John Brown is summoned to court. The plan succeeds a little too well for the liking of Victoria's Chief Secretary Sir Henry Ponsonby and The Prince of Wales as well as other members of the Royal Family; the public, press and politicians soon come to resent Brown's perceived influence over Victoria. Brown takes considerable liberties with court protocol, especially by addressing Her Majesty as "woman". He also quickly takes control over the Queen's daily activities, further aggravating the tensions between himself and the Royal Family and servants.The moniker "Mrs Brown", used both at the time and in the film, implied an improper and perhaps sexual relationship. The film does not directly address the contemporary suspicions that Victoria and Brown had had a sexual relationship and perhaps had even secretly married, though cartoons from the satirical magazine Punch are shown as being passed around in Parliament (one cartoon is revealed to the camera, showing an empty throne, with the sceptre lying unhanded across it).As a result of Victoria's seclusion, especially at Balmoral Castle in Scotland (something initially encouraged by Brown), her popularity begins failing and republican sentiment begins growing. Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli's hold over the House of Commons weakens and there is a fear of rising anti-monarchical sentiment in the country. He convinces Brown to use his influence with Victoria to persuade her to return to the performance of her public duties, especially the speech from the throne at the opening of Parliament.Brown is reluctant to do so, rightly fearing that Victoria will take this as a personal betrayal. When he urges her to return to London and fulfil her public duties, an argument ensues. Feeling betrayed by Brown, Victoria becomes visibly agitated. When Brown once again refers to her as "woman", she sharply rebukes him. Leaving the room, she turns to Ponsonby and her physician, Dr. Jenner, requesting that they serve her needs, visibly demoting Brown's contact and influence. Their relationship was never to be the same again. Victoria's eventual acquiescence and her decision to return to public life leads to a revitalization of her popularity and a resurgence in public support of the monarchy.Brown continues to serve Victoria until his death in 1883. In his final years, his duties become reduced to head of security. The palace staff has become weary of Brown's dogmatic ways and they mock and rebuke his security efforts as paranoid delusions. Finally, during a public event, a gun-wielding assassin appears out of the crowd leaping toward the Royal Family. An ever-vigilant Brown successfully thwarts the assassination attempt. At dinner the next evening the Prince of Wales retells the story, bragging to their dinner companions that he had been the one to warn Brown of the assassin. Seeing through her son's bragging, Victoria announces instead that a special medal for bravery, the "Devoted Service Medal", will be minted and awarded to Brown.Years later, Brown becomes gravely ill with pneumonia after running through the woods late at night chasing a possible intruder. Hearing of his illness, Victoria visits his room and is shaken to see her old friend so ill. She confesses that she has not been as good a friend as she might have been in recent years, and the pneumonia proves fatal for Brown. During his years of service, Brown had kept a diary and upon his passing, Ponsonby and Jenner discuss its contents stating that it must never be seen by anyone.The film's closing notes state: "John Brown's diary was never found." Jenner also reveals that the Prince of Wales hurled the Queen's favourite bust of Brown over the palace wall, referencing the film's opening sequence.
307	Devil's Advocate, The (1997)	Crime, Horror, Mystery, Thriller	Kevin Lomax is a Gainesville, Florida, defense attorney who has never lost a case. While defending schoolteacher Lloyd Gettys against a charge of child molestation, he realizes that his client is guilty. Nevertheless, he proceeds with his defense, destroying the victim's credibility through a harsh cross-examination and securing an acquittal for Gettys.A New York City law firm asks Kevin to assist them with a jury selection. After the jury delivers a not-guilty verdict, the head of the firm, John Milton, offers Kevin a job, and he and his wife Mary Ann move to Manhattan. Kevin is soon working long hours and neglecting Mary Ann. His Christian fundamentalist mother, Alice, urges the couple to return to Florida after meeting Milton. Kevin refuses.Kevin is assigned to represent billionaire Alex Cullen, who is accused of murdering his wife, his stepson, and a maid. As a result, Kevin sees even less of Mary Ann and fantasizes about his co-worker Christabella. Meanwhile, Mary Ann has demonic visions and has a nightmare about a baby playing with her removed ovaries. A doctor declares her to be infertile. Milton suggests that Kevin step down from the trial to care for Mary Ann's deteriorating mental health, but Kevin thinks he will resent her for costing him the case.Eddie Barzoon, the firm's managing partner, discovers Kevin's name on the firm's charter and believes that Kevin covets his job. Eddie threatens to inform the United States Attorney's office of the firm's dubious activities, and Kevin tells Milton. Although Milton seems to dismiss Kevin's concerns, Eddie is beaten to death in Riverside Park.Preparing Melissa Black, Alex Cullen's secretary, to testify, Kevin realizes that she is lying to give Cullen a false alibi. He tells Milton that he thinks Alex is guilty, but Milton offers to support him anyway. Kevin proceeds, winning an acquittal with Melissa's perjured testimony. Afterward, Mary Ann claims that Milton raped her that day and shows Kevin her body covered with cuts and scratches. Knowing that Milton was in court with him, Kevin believes her to be mentally ill and harming herself and admits her into a psychiatric institution.United States Department of Justice agent Mitch Weaver, who is investigating the clandestine activities of Milton's firm, warns Kevin that Milton is corrupt and reveals that Gettys, acquitted in Florida thanks to Kevin, has been arrested for killing a little girl. Moments later, Weaver is struck by a car and killed.Kevin, Alice, and his case manager, Pam Garrety, visit Mary Ann at the institution. Envisioning Pam as a demon, Mary Ann kills herself. Alice reveals that Milton is Kevin's father. Devastated, Kevin confronts Milton, who admits to raping Mary Ann. Kevin shoots Milton, but the bullets do not harm him. Milton reveals that he is Satan.Kevin blames Milton for everything that happened, but Milton points out that he merely "set the stage". It was Kevin who chose to neglect his wife and defend people he knew were guilty. Kevin realizes that he always wanted to win, regardless of the cost. Christabella arrives, and Milton reveals that she is Kevin's half-sister and he wants the two of them to conceive the Antichrist. Kevin initially appears to acquiesce but abruptly shoots himself in the head. Milton's demonic rage burns Christabella alive, and he turns into a winged angel that resembles Kevin.Suddenly, Kevin is again at the Gainesville courthouse during the recess of the Gettys trial. The entire experience was a vision. Kevin returns to the courtroom and sees that Mary Ann is alive and well. When the trial resumes, Kevin announces that he cannot represent his client, despite the risk of disbarment. Kevin's reporter friend Larry offers to do a high-profile interview with him, promising to make him famous. Encouraged by Mary Ann, Kevin agrees.After they leave, Larry transforms into Milton, who breaks the fourth wall and declares, "Vanity—definitely my favorite sin".
308	FairyTale: A True Story (1997)	Children's, Drama, Fantasy	Early 20th-century Europe was a time and a place rife with conflicting forces, from the battlefields of World War I to the peaceful countryside of rural England. Scientific advances such as electric light and photography appeared magical to some; spiritualism was championed by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle while his friend Harry Houdini decried false mediums who prey upon grieving families. J.M. Barrie's Peter Pan charmed theatergoers of all ages. Young Frances Griffiths, whose father is missing in action, arrives by train to stay with her cousin Elsie Wright in rural Bradford, West Yorkshire.Polly Wright, Elsie's mother, is deep in mourning for her son Joseph, a gifted artist who died at the age of ten, and she keeps Joseph's room and art works intact. Elsie is not allowed to wear colours or to play with his toys, but she has taken the unfinished fairy-house he built up to her garret bedroom where her doting father, Arthur, regales her with fairy tales. He is a bit of a local hero, responsible for the electrification of the local mill, where children as young as Elsie go to work. He is also an amateur photographer and chess player. When Frances arrives she and Elsie discover a shared fascination with fairies, whom they encounter down at the "beck", a nearby brook. They abscond with Arthur's camera one afternoon to take pictures of the fairies, hoping to give Polly something to believe in. When she comes home after attending a meeting of the Theosophical Society, where she hears stories of angels and all sorts of ethereal beings, she finds Arthur reviewing the prints in disbelief, but she thinks they are real. She takes them to Theosophist lecturer E.L. Gardner, who has them analysed by a professional and then brings them to the attention of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. The photos are pronounced genuine, or at least devoid of trickery.No one except Houdini believes that young children could be capable of photographic fraud, and Conan Doyle himself arrives at the girls' home with Houdini, Gardner and two new cameras. Arthur catches Houdini poking around and tells him point-blank that he doesn't believe that the fairies are real, but that no trickery took place in his darkroom either. Abetted by the buffoonish Gardner, Elsie and Frances soon come up with two more photos and Conan Doyle has the story published in The Strand Magazine, promising everyone's names will be changed. But a newsman soon identifies the beck in Cottingley, tracing the girls through the local school and besieging the family. Hundreds of people invade the village in automobiles and on foot, and the fairies flee the obstreperous mobs. By way of apology to the fairies, the girls finish Joseph's fairy-house and leave it in the forest as a gift.The girls are invited to London by Conan Doyle, where they embrace their celebrity and see Houdini perform. In a quiet moment backstage Houdini asks Elsie if she wants to know how he does his tricks, and she wisely declines. And when a reporter asks, he exclaims, "Masters of illusion never reveal their secrets!" Back in Yorkshire, while the girls and Polly are away, Arthur has a chess match with a local champion reputed to be mute, and the newsman breaks into their house. He discovers a cache of paper dolls in the form of fairies in a portfolio in Joseph's room, but he is frightened away by the apparition of a young boy, leaving the evidence behind. Arthur wins his match, wringing a shout from his opponent, and another myth is debunked. After the children return home, the fairies reappear, and finally, Frances' father comes home as well.
309	Deceiver (1997)	Crime	The grisly murder of a high-end call girl, Elizabeth Loftus, is being investigated by tough detective Kennesaw and his less experienced partner Braxton. (Braxton has an illegal gambling debt of $20,000; upon being asked, Kennesaw agrees to cover half of it to get Braxton out of trouble with the bookie.)  The two bring in textile company heir James Wayland for questioning about the murder.Wayland is an epileptic, which causes memory lapses and occasional acts of violence during epileptic episodes. He is given a lie detector test, but passes repeatedly.  After three days of interrogation, he turns the tables on his interrogators.  He knows about Braxton's gambling debt and drops the full amount on the table.  He then reveals that Kennesaw's wife had an affair, and that Kennesaw acted out his anger at his wife with Loftus. Wayland produces a video tape that shows Kennesaw assaulting Loftus in her apartment.  He challenges Kennesaw to take the lie-detector test; Kennesaw passes the question "Did you kill Elizabeth Loftus?" but fails the question "Did you kill your wife?"  Braxton reminds Kennesaw that his wife is alive, to which Wayland responds, "Yes, well, Ken's a little confused about who his wife actually is."  Wayland accuses Kennesaw of killing Loftus in place of killing his wife, with whom he was enraged.Having cleared himself of the murder, Wayland makes to leave the interrogation room.  Kennesaw, in a state of high agitation and distress, demands he sit back down. Determined to get a straight answer out of Wayland, he pulls out his revolver and loads one bullet into it, spins the chamber, counts to three, and pulls the trigger; it doesn't fire.  He does this two more times before Braxton can physically restrain him, but he throws Braxton off and again threatens Wayland.  Wayland finally agrees to talk.Wayland states he had been with Loftus in her apartment the night she was killed.  He'd left to buy beer, and when he returned, he heard commotion inside her apartment and then a sound like someone leaving from the back exit.  When he entered the apartment, he found Loftus dead.  Afraid he would be implicated, he decided to create a murder scene that would be considered "out of character" for someone such as himself, thereby reducing the likelihood he would be considered a probable suspect.  He therefore cut Loftus in half and carried her out of the apartment in suitcases.The stress of recounting the events brings on an epileptic fit, during which he hits his head and dies. While the paramedics are removing the body, we see a black-gloved hand pick up the bottle of pills Wayland had taken during the last part of the interrogation, and which he had left on the cooler; this is not the same bottle he'd produced days earlier to show the officers what he took for his epilepsy.Some time later, Braxton has applied for and received a transfer, despite being up for a promotion—it's rumored it's because he can't get along with Kennesaw. After packing up his desk, Braxton drops an envelope full of large bills into Kennesaw's desk drawer.One year later, a man approaches a young woman sitting on a park bench late at night and tries to strike up a conversation.  She responds, "You can get into a lot of trouble being out this late," and gets up to leave. The camera pans to the man's face and it's Wayland.  He responds, "That's the idea."
310	Rainmaker, The (1997)	Drama	Recent Memphis State University Law School grad Rudy Baylor has no high-paying work prospects lined up. He takes a job at a Memphis bar where he meets the bar's owner, J. Lyman "Bruiser" Stone, who is also a ruthless but successful ambulance chaser. He hires Rudy as an associate.Bruiser's associates only get paid by finding cases and working them up for trial. Rudy says he has cases, including an insurance bad faith matter he boasts could be worth several million in damages. Interested, Bruiser introduces Rudy to office paralegal Deck Shifflet, a former insurance adjuster of questionable ethics who has a law degree but has failed the bar exam six times. Bruiser employs him because he is resourceful, finds cases, is adept at gathering information, and has useful knowledge of the insurance industry.Rudy has passed the Tennessee bar exam, but is not yet properly licensed to stand as an attorney. When Bruiser fails to show up for court, Rudy attempts to argue the case, but Judge Harvey Hale scolds Rudy and tells him to first get his license. Defense attorney Leo F. Drummond offers to stand for Rudy as Rudy is sworn in before the judge. Afterwards, Rudy discovers that the FBI has raided Bruiser's office, and Bruiser has disappeared.Before fleeing, Bruiser gave Rudy and Deck $5500 each, as payment for a successful case. They pool their money to open a practice. They file suit for middle-aged couple Dot and Buddy Black, whose 22-year-old son, Donny Ray, is terminally ill with leukemia but could have been saved with a bone marrow transplant that their insurance carrier, Great Benefit, denied.Rudy, having never argued a case in court before, now faces experienced lawyers led by Drummond from the prestigious firm Tinley Britt. In chambers, Hale tells Rudy and Drummond that he is set to dismiss the case, seeing it as a "lottery" case that slows down the judicial process. However, Hale suffers a fatal heart attack before he grants the petition for dismissal. A more sympathetic Judge Tyrone Kipler, a former civil rights attorney, replaces Hale. Kipler, known by Deck as disliking Tinley Britt, immediately denies Great Benefit's petition for dismissal. He agrees to fast-track the case so Donny Ray Black's testimony can be recorded before he dies.While seeking new clients at the hospital, Rudy meets Kelly Riker, a victim of domestic violence, whose husband Cliff has beaten her numerous times causing her to require hospitalization. Rudy and Kelly become romantically involved. Rudy persuades Kelly to file for divorce. This eventually leads to a bloody confrontation with Cliff, resulting in Rudy nearly beating him to death. To keep Rudy from being implicated, Kelly orders Rudy to leave the house. She then kills Cliff herself, telling the police it was self-defense. Based on Cliff's long history of domestic abuse, the district attorney declines to prosecute Kelly.Donny Ray dies days after giving a video deposition. The case goes to trial, where Drummond gets the vital testimony of Rudy's key witness, Jackie Lemanczyk, stricken from the record as it is based on a stolen manual disallowed as evidence. Nevertheless, thanks to Rudy's determination and some clandestine reference help from now Caribbean-based fugitive Bruiser (with whom Deck is connected by intermediaries), Jackie's testimony and the Great Benefit Employee Manual are finally admitted into evidence, to Drummond's dismay.Rudy skillfully cross-examines Great Benefit's CEO, Wilfred Keeley. As part of his closing argument, he plays an emotional excerpt from Donny Ray's deposition. The jury finds for Donny Ray's family for both actual damages and enormous punitive damages that Great Benefit cannot pay. It is a great triumph for Rudy and Deck, with Keeley being arrested by the FBI and investigation proceedings into Great Benefit launched in multiple jurisdictions. The insurance company declares bankruptcy, allowing it to avoid paying punitive damages. There is no payout for the grieving parents and no fee for Rudy or Drummond. Dot expresses satisfaction at putting Great Benefit out of business, leaving the company unable to victimize other families.As this success will create unrealistic expectations for future clients, Rudy decides to abandon his new practice and teach law. He and Kelly leave town together.
311	Wings of the Dove, The (1997)	Drama, Romance, Thriller	In 1910 London, Kate Croy (Helena Bonham Carter) lives under the careful watch of her domineering Aunt Maud (Charlotte Rampling). The wealthy Maud has taken the penniless Kate in as her ward, intending to marry her to a rich man and save her from the fate which befell her recently deceased mother when she married Kate's own dissolute father, Lionel (Michael Gambon). Lord Mark (Alex Jennings), a sophisticated aristocrat with a large estate, begins to court Kate with Maud's approval. However, Kate is secretly in love with a young muckraking journalist named Merton Densher (Linus Roache), whom her aunt has forbidden her from pursuing a relationship with because of his humble circumstances. Nonetheless, she has continued to meet with Merton in secret, though he is growing increasingly impatient for her to leave her aunt and marry him.Aunt Maud confronts Kate about her continuing association with Merton and threatens to withdraw her financial support from Kate and her father. Kate reluctantly breaks with Merton and refuses to meet with him anymore. A few months later, at a dinner party given by her aunt, Kate is introduced to the wealthy American orphan and heiress Milly Theale (Allison Elliot), who is on an extended trip through Europe with her travelling companion Susan Stringham (Elizabeth McGovern). The cynical Kate is captivated by Milly's beauty, vivaciousness and humour, and the two form a strong friendship. Kate and Merton reconcile and resume their secret meetings; one day they run into Milly, and Kate introduces Merton as a family friend. Soon after, Milly invites Kate to accompany her and Susan to Venice.Before leaving, Lord Mark secretly reveals to Kate that Milly is terminally ill and that although he desires Kate he needs to marry Milly and her fortune to avoid losing his estates. Aware that Milly is indifferent to Lord Mark but is smitten with Merton, Kate invites Merton to Venice and persuades him to show Milly affection in an effort to seduce her. Kate expects that the orphaned and lonely Milly will leave him her fortune after her death.During Kate's, Milly's, and Merton's excursions through Venice, Kate gradually becomes jealous of Milly's attraction to Merton, so much so that she lures him away one night to have sex. Milly confronts her the next morning, though Kate denies that Merton is her lover. She realises that, if her scheme is to succeed, she must leave Venice without warning Merton. On their own in Venice, Merton's affection for Milly grows and the two form a strong bond, even as her condition worsens. One day Merton spots Lord Mark at a cafe; alarmed, he goes to visit Milly but is denied entry. Susan visits him and Merton realises that Kate has revealed their secret to Lord Mark to sabotage the whole scheme, knowing that Mark would tell Milly as revenge for her rejecting him. Nonetheless, Milly agrees to see Merton and the two share an intimate moment where she forgives him and says that she still loves both him and Kate, despite their actions. A few days later, Milly dies and Merton and Susan attend her funeral.After Merton returns to London, Kate comes to Merton's flat. She asks why he has not come to see her in the weeks he has been back and finds a letter from Milly's lawyers, informing Merton that Milly did indeed bequeath a sizable portion of her estate to him. Merton tells Kate that he will not take the money, and she must marry him without it if they are to be together. They make love and afterwards Kate agrees, with the condition he tells her that he is not still in love with his memory of Milly. He cannot, and Kate leaves him for good, knowing that her conniving has backfired. Merton returns alone to Venice, while in the background we hear Milly's voice repeating her confident assertion that Merton will be coming into his own, and sooner than he thinks.
312	Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil (1997)	Comedy, Crime, Drama, Mystery	The panoramic tale of Savannah's eccentricities focuses on a deadly shooting and the subsequent trial of Jim Williams, a self-made man, art collector, antiques dealer, bon vivant, and semi-closeted homosexual. John Kelso, a magazine reporter from New York with one book—Before the Fall—to his name, flies to Savannah, amid beautiful architecture and odd doings, to write a feature for Town & Country on one of Williams's acclaimed Christmas parties. Williams's parties, held at his Mercer House home, were the highlight of many people's social calendars. Williams had an "in" box and an "out" box for his invitations, depending on whether or not the person was in Williams's favor at the time.En route to Savannah's Jones Street, via a tour of the city's tourist hotspots, Kelso alights at Forsyth Park. Making his way to his lodging in Monterey Square, he has a brief interaction with Billy Hanson in front of Mercer House. Kelso does not know who Hanson is, or that Mercer House is Williams's home.Awoken by Mandy Nichols, who is looking for some ice to take back to her partner Joe Odom's party, Kelso accompanies her back to the festivities. There, he meets hairdresser Jerry Spence and Odom, who is playing the piano.Kelso is guest of honor at the Williams's party. During the course of the evening, Kelso meets Emma Kelly, named the "Lady of 6,000 Songs" by Savannah's own Johnny Mercer, Harry Cram, the former silent-film actress Serena Dawes and Williams's mother, Blanche. Williams shows Kelso his organ in the upstairs ballroom. It is there that Billy Hanson appears, having let himself in the servants' entrance. Hanson demands some money from Williams so that he can "get fucked up." Williams refuses, saying Hanson "gets paid on Friday like everyone else." Hanson responds by smashing a bottle and threatening both Williams and Kelso with it, before storming out. After explaining Hanson's situation to Kelso, Williams sits down and plays "Jeepers Creepers" on the organ, demonstrating that he uses it to drown out the sound of his neighbour Lorne Atwell's dog.After the guests have left, Williams and Kelso wind down with a brandy in the Mercer House library, where Kelso discovers his book in Williams's bookcase. Kelso leaves shortly thereafter, stating he has an early flight home.Kelso is again awoken, this time by the sound of sirens. He ventures out into Monterey Square to find out what is going on. It transpires that Hanson was shot dead by Williams in the Mercer House study after an argument between the two. Kelso lets himself, and Williams's cat, Sheldon, through the back door into what should have been a secured environment. Williams is being questioned by police in the drawing room. Sonny Seiler arrives a few seconds later and tries to defuse the situation.Kelso stays on to cover the murder trial for a new book, with the blessing of Williams. Along the way, he meets some characters: the irrepressible The Lady Chablis, a transgender entertainer; Luther Driggers, a man who keeps flies attached to strings on his lapels and threatens daily to poison the water supply; the members of the Married Woman's Card Club; and Minerva, a spiritualist and root doctor, based on real-life Valerie Boles.Between becoming Williams's friend, a love interest of Mandy (whom he discovers is a torch singer), meeting every eccentric in Savannah, participating in Minerva's midnight graveyard rituals, and helping solve the mysteries surrounding Hanson's death, Kelso has his hands full. Kelso discovers that the bagging of Hanson's hands was performed by a nurse at Candler Hospital, when it should have been done at the crime scene instead. When Williams becomes confident he can win his case on a matter of flawed police procedure, he falsely testifies to killing Hanson with return fire in self-defense. This disappoints Kelso, to whom Williams has confessed he executed Hanson in retaliation for attempting to shoot him with the gun's safety catch on. The judge and jury later find Williams not guilty.As Kelso is leaving town, when saying goodbye to Williams in the Mercer House study, he asks one last question for the book: Does he want to tell him what really happened? Williams replies, "Truth, like art, is in the eye of the beholder. You believe what you choose, and I'll believe what I know." He watches from the window as Kelso walks away. Minutes later, Williams is stricken by a heart attack and falls face down on the carpet. His heartbeat slows. He imagines Hanson lying alongside him, as he was in death. Their eyes meet, Hanson raises his head, smiles, then resumes his position, lifeless. The heartbeat has stopped. An overhead shot shows the two dead men lying like mirror images, then Hanson fades away. After the funeral, Minerva tells Kelso he knows all he needs to know and warns him not to waste too much time on the dead.  “I love you, boy, but I ain’t the only one. You know that, don't you?” Later, Kelso signs a six-month lease on an apartment. To celebrate, he, Mandy and Lady Chablis, who is walking Uga, stroll off together for a picnic. Minerva, who is feeding Flavis, a squirrel, in the park, laughs as they pass. Cut to the cemetery and shots of the two graves. The credits roll over film of the Bird Girl statue in Bonaventure Cemetery, with k.d. lang singing "Skylark", as she does in the movie's opening.
313	Titanic (1997)	Action, Drama, Romance	In 1996, aboard the research vessel Akademik Mstislav Keldysh, treasure hunter Brock Lovett and his team explore the wreck of RMS Titanic, hoping to find a necklace known as the Heart of the Ocean. Instead, they recover a safe containing a drawing of a young woman wearing the necklace. The sketch is dated April 14, 1912, the day the Titanic struck an iceberg and sank, resulting in about 1,500 deaths. After seeing a television report about the discovery, centenarian Rose Dawson Calvert contacts Lovett, revealing herself as the woman in the drawing. Hoping she can help locate the necklace, Lovett brings Rose and her granddaughter aboard the Keldysh, where Rose recounts her experience as a Titanic passenger.In 1912, 17-year-old Rose DeWitt Bukater boards the Titanic in Southampton with her wealthy fiancé, Cal Hockley, and her mother, Ruth, who stresses that Rose's marriage to Cal will resolve their financial problems. However, Rose is unhappy in the loveless engagement. Feeling trapped, Rose contemplates suicide by jumping from the ship's stern, but is stopped by Jack Dawson, a poor nomadic artist. Jack and Rose form a friendship, and Jack confesses his growing feelings for her. Though initially resistant, Rose realizes she has fallen in love with Jack, despite Cal's and Ruth's disapproval.Rose brings Jack to her stateroom and asks him to draw her nude wearing only the necklace. Afterward, they evade Cal's valet, Spicer Lovejoy, and have sex in a car in the cargo hold. On the forward deck, they witness the ship's collision with an iceberg and overhear officers discussing the severity of the situation. When Cal discovers Jack's sketch of Rose and a mocking note she left, he arranges to frame Jack for theft by having Lovejoy plant the necklace on him. Jack is arrested and locked in the master-at-arms' office, while Cal places the necklace in his own coat pocket.As the ship begins sinking, women and children are prioritized for the lifeboats. Rose finds and frees Jack, and they return to the deck, where Cal urges Rose to board a lifeboat, claiming he and Jack will board another. He unwittingly wraps his coat, containing the necklace, around her. However, as her lifeboat is lowered, Rose jumps back onto the sinking ship, unwilling to leave Jack behind. Enraged, Cal grabs a pistol and chases them through the flooding ship, but gives up when they escape. Cal manages to secure a place on a lifeboat by pretending to be a child's father.As the ship's flooded bow sinks, the stern rises into the air, and Jack and Rose cling to the railing. The ship splits in two, and the stern sinks into the freezing water with the remaining passengers. Jack helps Rose onto floating debris and makes her promise to survive and live a full life. Jack dies from hypothermia, but Rose is saved by a returning lifeboat, and later rescued by the RMS Carpathia. Rose remains hidden from Cal and her mother, and gives her name as Rose Dawson on her arrival in New York City.In the present, Rose reveals that Cal committed suicide after losing his fortune in the 1929 stock market crash. She tells the Keldysh crew that Jack saved her in every possible way, and laments that her memories are all that she has left of him. Touched by her account of the Titanic, Lovett abandons his search for the necklace. Alone at night on the stern of the Keldysh, Rose, who has kept the necklace in her possession all along, drops it into the sea above the wreck. Later, as she lies in her bed, photographs on her dresser depict a life of freedom and adventure inspired by Jack. Aboard the pristine and undamaged Titanic, a young Rose reunites with Jack at the Grand Staircase, applauded by the passengers and crew who died in the sinking.
314	3 Ninjas: High Noon At Mega Mountain (1998)	Action, Children's	During their summer vacation with their grandfather Mori, 15-year-old Rocky, 14-year-old Colt, and 9-year-old Tum-Tum undertake a test on a pitch-black obstacle course. Although they complete the course, they fail to master using their other senses to compensate for lack of sight. That night, Mori overhears Rocky and Colt planning not to return the following year due to growing older, which leaves Tum-Tum feeling alone. Mori becomes deeply saddened.Back home, Tum-Tum grows upset upon learning his favorite TV show, Dave Dragon & the Star Force 5, is being canceled. The next day, the siblings meet their new neighbor Amanda when she accidentally crashes her remote-controlled helicopter into their window. To make amends, Jessica invites Amanda for breakfast and later to Tum-Tum’s birthday party at Mega Mountain, an amusement park modeled after Six Flags.At Mega Mountain, Rocky spends time with his girlfriend Jennifer and her friends Veronica, Eric, and Doyle, while Tum-Tum persuades Colt to watch a show with him. Amid the fun, master criminal Mary Ann "Medusa" Rogers and her henchmen stealthily seize control of the park, disabling rides, holding guests hostage, and converting the command center into their base. Medusa demands a $10 million ransom from park owner Harry Jacobson for the patrons’ safety.Tum-Tum and Colt attempt to get an autograph from Dave Dragon but instead witness him being captured by Medusa’s henchmen. Rocky rejoins his brothers and Amanda after spotting suspicious activity on the park’s surveillance monitors. Together, they inform Dave about the takeover, and he goes off alone to confront the villains. The group retrieves a radio to contact emergency services, prompting police and fire units to respond. Medusa’s men ambush the police, forcing the FBI to intervene.In retaliation, Medusa orders her sidekick C.J. to accelerate the Avalanche ride dangerously. Using Amanda’s laptop skills and ninja abilities, the kids rescue trapped riders and override the ride controls. To stop the children’s interference, Medusa dispatches her bumbling nephews—Carl, Buelow, and Zed—to capture them, but they are defeated using carnival game props and park rides.Meanwhile, Dave sneaks into the command center but is captured. The SWAT team attempts to storm the park but is thwarted by electrical traps set by Medusa’s mercenaries. Amanda hacks into the park’s systems to lock down rides while fending off C.J.’s attempts to regain control. Medusa activates the Zinger roller coaster’s emergency brake, stopping it mid-inversion. Dave attacks Medusa but is subdued and imprisoned with hostages at the coaster’s base.Spotting Rocky and Jennifer on ride monitors, Medusa’s nephews capture and tie Jennifer under the Zinger loop. Rocky ventures alone to rescue her but is confronted by Medusa’s second-in-command, Lothar Zogg. After a fight atop the roller coaster loop, Rocky uses a yo-yo to trip Lothar, sending him crashing into authorities outside. Rocky frees Jennifer just as Medusa releases the coaster to crush them.Park owner Jacobson arrives by helicopter with ransom money, but Amanda destroys the last bag with her remote helicopter, scattering cash over the park. Medusa captures Amanda and escapes underground with remaining funds. Dave fights Medusa’s ninjas but is knocked unconscious. The boys battle remaining henchmen until Medusa plunges the park into darkness, using night vision goggles to gain advantage.Recalling Mori’s advice to rely on their other senses, the boys overcome the darkness and defeat Medusa’s ninjas, rescuing Amanda, who is handcuffed next to a bomb. Unable to disarm it due to power failure, they attach the bomb—taped to oxygen tanks—and send it as a makeshift torpedo toward Medusa’s escaping ship. The bomb detonates on impact, destroying the ship.Police arrive and arrest Medusa, who accepts defeat. Celebrated as heroes, the boys reunite with family but credit Dave Dragon as the true hero. The media announces plans to revive Dave’s show in honor of his bravery. Rocky and Colt decide to continue their training and invite Amanda to join them next year, which she happily accepts. The film and the series ends with a joyous celebration of Tum-Tum’s birthday.
315	Apt Pupil (1998)	Drama, Thriller	In Southern California in 1984, 16-year-old high school student Todd Bowden discovers that his elderly neighbor, Arthur Denker, is Kurt Dussander—a former Nazi concentration camp commandant who is now a fugitive war criminal. Todd, fascinated with Nazi atrocities perpetrated during World War II, blackmails Dussander, forcing him to share disturbing stories of what it was like working at Nazi extermination camps and how it felt to participate in genocide.Todd purchases an SS uniform from a costume shop and forces Dussander to wear it. As he spends more time with Dussander, his schoolwork suffers, he loses interest in his girlfriend, and he conceals his bad grades from his parents. Dussander begins blackmailing Todd in return, forcing him to work to restore his grades by threatening to expose the subterfuge and his dalliance with Nazism to his parents. Dussander even poses as Todd's grandfather and goes to an appointment with Todd's school counselor Edward French. Talking about the war crimes affects both the old man and the young boy. An intoxicated Dussander tries and fails to kill a cat with his gas oven. Dussander also takes pride in Todd's remarkable turnaround, going from near-dropout to straight As in a matter of weeks.One night, Dussander tries to kill a homeless person who earlier had seen him in the uniform. When Dussander has a heart attack, he calls Todd, who finishes the killing, cleans up, and calls an ambulance for Dussander. At the hospital, Dussander is recognized by a death camp survivor sharing his room. He is arrested and an extradition to Israel is arranged. Todd graduates as valedictorian and gives a speech about Icarus, saying, "All great achievements arose from dissatisfaction. It is the desire to do better, to dig deeper, that propels civilization to greatness." The scene is juxtaposed in a montage with Dussander's home being searched and the corpse being found in the basement.Todd is questioned about his relationship with Dussander and he convinces the police that he knew nothing of the man's true identity. A group of Neo-Nazis demonstrates outside the hospital; realizing his situation is hopeless, Dussander commits suicide by giving himself an air embolism. When French learns that the man who met Todd at school was not Todd's grandfather but a war criminal, he confronts Todd, who then blackmails French into silence by threatening to accuse him of making inappropriate sexual advances.
316	As Good As It Gets (1997)	Comedy, Drama	Misanthropic New York City best-selling romance novelist Melvin Udall has obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD). He uses soap bars only once to wash his hands, uses paper towels to touch public restroom faucets and door handles, avoids stepping on sidewalk cracks, has rituals with switches and locks, sticks to rigid routines, and always eats breakfast at the same table in the same restaurant while bringing his own plastic flatware. Carol Connelly is the only server at the restaurant who tolerates his rude and compulsive behavior.Melvin's apartment neighbor, gay artist Simon Bishop, starts working with a new model, Vincent Lopiano. Vincent uses the opportunity to case Simon's apartment and give entry to his friends, who assault and nearly kill Simon during the robbery. Simon's agent, Frank Sachs, intimidates Melvin into caring for Simon's pet dog Verdell, a Griffon Bruxellois, while Simon is hospitalized. Although Melvin initially does not enjoy caring for the dog, he becomes emotionally attached to it. When Simon is released from the hospital, Melvin tolerates a neighborly relationship with Simon so he can continue to see Verdell.Melvin's compulsive need for routine and aversion to change is aggravated when Carol decides to work closer to her home in Brooklyn to be more accessible for her acutely asthmatic son, Spencer. Unable to adjust to a different waitress, Melvin arranges to pay for Spencer's considerable medical expenses for at-home care―if Carol returns to the restaurant. While Carol is overwhelmed by Melvin's generosity, thanking him profusely, she is suspicious of his motives, declaring emphatically that she will never have sex with him. A humiliated Melvin admonishes her that she, not he, has made the situation personal.Meanwhile, Simon's injuries, lack of medical insurance, and high medical bills cause him to go bankrupt and fall into depression. Frank persuades him to go to Baltimore to ask his estranged parents for money. Bullied by Frank, Melvin reluctantly agrees to take a recuperating Simon to Baltimore. Frank lends Melvin his Saab 900 convertible for the trip. Irrationally fearing Simon may make a pass at him (his cover story), Melvin invites Carol along on the trip, reminding her that she owes him a favor, and she reluctantly accepts. Relationships develop among the three on the trip as Simon discusses the root of his estrangement with his parents, who cannot accept his homosexuality; Carol commiserates; and Melvin's acerbic remarks gradually become more sympathetic.Once in Baltimore, Carol persuades Melvin to take her out for dinner. Melvin's conversation during the dinner initially flatters her—he tells her that her "no-sex oath" made him start taking medication to become a better man. When Carol presses Melvin to admit that he invited her on the trip because he had feelings for her, however, an embarrassed and fumbling Melvin again clumsily deflects. He awkwardly responds that he invited her along to maybe have sex with Simon to cure his homosexuality. Upset at the implication that her sexual favors are for sale, Carol abruptly leaves. She goes to Simon's hotel room for consolation, and their emotional intimacy rekindles his creative desire to paint. He sketches Carol, nearly nude, making her feel her femininity appreciated in a non-sexual way. With confidence inspired by Carol, Simon briefly reconnects with his mother, without asking her for money, telling her that he will be fine.After returning to New York, Carol tells Melvin that she does not want him in her life anymore because he disparages her. Since Simon is still broke and his apartment has been sublet, Melvin arranges for Simon to stay in his spare bedroom. On learning of Melvin's enormous gesture and sign of growth, Carol regrets her harshness and calls Melvin to apologize. The relationship between Melvin and Carol remains complicated until Simon persuades insomniac Melvin to declare his love for her. At 4 am, Melvin goes to see Carol, who hesitantly agrees to try establishing a relationship with him. She is encouraged by her mother, who declares that no relationship is perfect. As Melvin opens the door for Carol at a pastry shop, he realizes that he has stepped on a pavement crack to no apparent unease. They walk into the shop conversing as a couple.
317	In the Name of the Father (1993)	Drama	In Belfast, Gerry Conlon is mistaken for an IRA sniper by British security forces and pursued until a riot breaks out. Gerry is sent to London by his father Giuseppe to discourage an IRA reprisal against him.One evening, Gerry burgles a prostitute's flat and steals £700. While he is taking drugs in a park with his friend Paul Hill, alongside homeless Irishman Charlie Burke, an explosion in Guildford occurs, killing four off-duty soldiers and a civilian, as well as injuring sixty-five others. Returning to Belfast sometime later, Gerry is captured by the British Army and Royal Ulster Constabulary and arrested on terrorism charges.Gerry is flown to England, where he and his friend Paul together with two others are dubbed the Guildford Four and are subjected to police torture as part of their interrogation.Gerry maintains his innocence, but signs a confession after the police threaten to kill his father, who is later arrested along with other members of the Conlon family, later dubbed the Maguire Seven. At his trial, although Gerry's defence points out numerous inconsistencies in the police investigation, he, along with the rest of the Guildford Four and Maguire Seven, are sentenced to life imprisonment.During their time in prison, Gerry and Giuseppe are approached by new inmate Joe McAndrew, who informs them that he was the real perpetrator of the bombing and had confessed this to the police. The police, in order to save face, withheld this new information.Though Gerry warms to Joe, his opinion changes when Joe sets a hated prison guard on fire during a riot. Giuseppe later dies in custody from tuberculosis, leaving Gerry to take over his father's campaign for justice.Giuseppe's lawyer Gareth Peirce, who had been investigating the case on Giuseppe's behalf, discovers vital evidence related to Gerry's original alibi with a note attached that reads: "Not to be shown to the defence." Through a statement made by Charlie Burke, at a court appeal, it totally exonerates Gerry and the rest.The film ends with the current activities of the wrongly accused being given, and also by stating that the police who investigated the case were never prosecuted for any wrongdoing, and that Giuseppe is buried in Milltown Cemetery in Belfast. The real perpetrators of the Guildford Bombing have, to this day, not been charged with the crimes.
318	Schindler's List (1993)	Drama, War	In German-occupied Kraków during World War II, the Nazis force local Polish Jews into the overcrowded Kraków Ghetto. Oskar Schindler, a German Nazi Party member from Czechoslovakia, arrives in the city, hoping to make his fortune. He bribes Wehrmacht (German armed forces) and SS officials, acquiring a factory to produce enamelware. Schindler hires Itzhak Stern, a Jewish official with contacts among black marketeers and the Jewish business community; he handles administration and helps Schindler arrange financing. Stern ensures that as many Jewish workers as possible were deemed essential to the German war effort to prevent them from being taken by the SS to concentration camps or killed. Meanwhile, Schindler maintains friendly relations with the Nazis and enjoys his new wealth and status as an industrialist.SS-Untersturmführer (second lieutenant) Amon Göth arrives in Kraków to oversee construction of the Płaszów concentration camp. When the camp is ready, he orders the ghetto liquidated: two thousand Jews are transported to Płaszów, and two thousand others are killed in the streets by the SS. Schindler witnesses the massacre and is profoundly affected. He particularly notices a young girl in a red coat who hides from the Nazis and later sees her body on a wagonload of corpses. Schindler is careful to maintain his friendship with Göth and continues to enjoy SS support, mostly through bribery. Göth brutalizes his Jewish maid, Helen Hirsch, and randomly shoots people from the balcony of his villa; the prisoners are in constant fear for their lives. As time passes, Schindler's focus shifts from making money to trying to save as many lives as possible. To better protect his workers, Schindler bribes Göth into allowing him to build a sub-camp at his factory.As the Germans begin losing the war, Göth is ordered to ship the remaining Jews at Płaszów to Auschwitz concentration camp. Schindler asks Göth for permission to move his workers to a munitions factory he plans to build in Brünnlitz near his hometown of Zwittau. Göth reluctantly agrees but charges a huge bribe. Schindler and Stern prepare a list of people to be transferred to Brünnlitz instead of Auschwitz. The list eventually includes 1,100 names.As the Jewish workers are transported by train to Brünnlitz, the women and girls are mistakenly redirected to Auschwitz-Birkenau; Schindler bribes Rudolf Höss, the commandant of Auschwitz, for their release. At the new factory, Schindler forbids the SS guards from entering the production area without permission and encourages the Jews to observe the Sabbath. Over the next seven months, he spends his fortune bribing Nazi officials and buying shell casings from other companies. Due to Schindler's machinations, the factory produces no usable armaments. He runs out of money in 1945, just as Germany surrenders.As a Nazi Party member and war profiteer, Schindler must flee the advancing Red Army to avoid capture. The SS guards at the factory have been ordered to kill the Jewish workforce, but Schindler persuades them not to do so. Bidding farewell to his workers, he prepares to head west, hoping to surrender to the Americans. The workers give him a signed statement attesting to his role in saving Jewish lives and present him with a ring engraved with a Talmudic paraphrase: "Whoever saves one life saves the world entire". Schindler breaks down in tears, feeling he should have done more, and is comforted by the workers before he and his wife leave in their car. When the Schindlerjuden awaken the next morning, a mounted Soviet officer announces they have been liberated but warns them not to go east because "they hate you there". The Jews then walk into the countryside.An epilogue reveals that Göth was executed via hanging for crimes against humanity; Schindler and his wife were declared Righteous Among the Nations and a tree was planted in his honor in the Garden of the Righteous Among the Nations. Many of the surviving Schindlerjuden and the actors portraying them visit Schindler's grave and place stones on its marker (a traditional Jewish sign of respect for the dead), after which Liam Neeson lays two roses.
319	Everyone Says I Love You (1996)	Comedy, Musical, Romance	Skylar and Holden are an upper-class Manhattan couple ("Just You, Just Me"). Holden enlists DJ, Skylar's younger sister, to help him choose an expensive diamond engagement ring ("My Baby Just Cares for Me"). Skylar wants a "take-charge" kind of guy ("I'm a Dreamer, Aren't We All"). Holden's romantic gesture, at DJ's urging, backfires when Skylar swallows the ring he slipped into her parfait, resulting in a trip to the ER ("Makin' Whoopee").Bob and Steffi Dandridge, liberal Democratic lawyers ("Looking at You") who have a blended family from previous marriages, are aghast at having a Republican son, Scott, who wants criminals taken off the street and disapproves of Steffi's work rehabilitating felons. Steffi, who volunteers with the American Civil Liberties Union ("He was an abused child who made one mistake."), brings to the engagement party one of her causes, Charles, who scares guests with accounts of prison stabbings. Initially alarmed by Charles's aggressive passes ("If I Had You"), Skylar eventually falls under his spell ("I've never been kissed by a sociopath before."), breaking up with Holden.Steffi and Bob are friendly with Steffi's neurotic ex-husband Joe, who lives in Paris, and has just broken up with his latest drug-using nymphomaniac girlfriend ("I'm through with Love"). Steffi wants to fix Joe up with a more suitable woman, but Joe is still hung up on Steffi.On vacation with her father Joe in Venice, Italy, DJ and her friend, whose mother is a psychologist, listen through a hole in the wall on the clientele's therapy sessions. Von, an art historian, relates to the therapist that she is discontented with her husband, longing for romance and discussing her fantasies. DJ suggests Joe "run into" Von jogging and then coaches Joe on how to woo her by faking interest in art, music, travel, African daisies, and a hastily bought Parisian garret, and by setting up "coincidental" meetings at a museum and a concert. Convinced she has met the man of her dreams ("All My Life"), the unsuspecting Von leaves her husband for Joe.DJ falls for a gondolier and plans to drop out of college to marry him until she meets her next "flame": a student at Columbia University ("Cuddle up a Little Closer, Lovey Mine"). She then falls for a rapper in New York, and finally falls in love with a dashing Parisian.Competitive sisters Lane and Laura, DJ's half-sisters, both have crushes on a local lad, heir to the Vandermost millions, but 14-year-old Laura is heartbroken when Vandermost falls for Lane ("I'm Through with Love").Grandpa, an 88-year-old with dementia, occasionally wanders off, corralled by Freda the maid, who DJ jokingly claims was Hitler's maid at Berchtesgaden. ("It's Bavarian pasta, it doesn't need any sauce; Italian pasta needs sauce. The Italians were weak!") At foot fetishist Grandpa's funeral, the corpses at the chapel sing and dance to "Enjoy Yourself (It's Later than You Think)".Skylar encourages ex-con Charles to study law, but he has other plans, involving the unwitting Skylar in a grocery store robbery with his gang. Begging to be let out of the getaway car, Skylar successfully escapes and eventually reconciles at a Halloween Party with a forgiving Holden ("Chiquita Banana"). This time Skylar swallows the engagement ring Holden has slipped in a box of Cracker Jack.Scott is diagnosed with a brain tumor and has successful surgery. He immediately resigns from the Young Republicans Club and starts to espouse left-wing causes.Having lived out all her fantasies with "the man of her dreams", Von no longer yearns for them; she leaves Joe to return to her husband.The family goes to Paris for Christmas and attends a Groucho Marx-themed New Years party ("Hooray for Captain Spaulding"). When Bob comes down with a cold, Steffi reunites with Joe and they reminisce, acknowledging that although their marriage didn't work out ("I'm Through With Love"), they still have feelings for each other. Although Steffi loves Bob "wholeheartedly", she and Joe kiss while accepting the boundaries of their mutually supportive relationship. Steffi encourages Joe to find someone who will make him happy. The family dances to "Everyone Says I love You" as DJ falls for a dance partner in a Harpo Marx costume.
320	Paradise Lost: The Child Murders at Robin Hood Hills (1996)	Documentary	Paradise Lost: The Child Murders at Robin Hood Hills is a 1996 American documentary film directed, produced and edited by Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky about the trials of the West Memphis Three, three teenage youths accused of the May 1993 murders and sexual mutilation of three prepubescent boys (Steve Edward Branch, Christopher Byers and Michael Moore) as a part of an alleged satanic ritual in West Memphis, Arkansas. The film uses the music of Metallica instead of an original soundtrack, the first time that the band authorized their music to be used in a film; the accused teenagers were fans of the band, something which played a part in their trials. It was well received by critics, and was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Informational Programming. It was followed by two sequels, also made by Berlinger and Sinofsky, which followed the evolution of the case through the years: Paradise Lost 2: Revelations in 2000, and Paradise Lost 3: Purgatory in 2011.
321	Mother (1996)	Comedy	Successful science fiction writer John Henderson is finalizing his second divorce. Perplexed by his issues with women, realizing that none of them supported or encouraged him, John decides to initiate an experiment that will help him understand what went wrong in his relationships: he moves back in with his widowed mother Beatrice, occupying the same bedroom he had as a child. His sports agent brother Jeff thinks John is oversensitive to their mother's criticisms, while John believes that their mother favors Jeff.John's relationship with his mother is characterized by constant bickering and power struggles; both are perfectionists strongly committed to their respective points of view. John believes she's overly critical of him, while Beatrice contends that he unfairly blames her for his personal failings. A rare bright spot in their relationship appears when she notices John's word processor and impresses him with her fast, flawless typing. Beatrice seems surprised by his interest in her life but is reluctant to discuss it.When Beatrice cancels her plans to visit Jeff, he has a meltdown and argues with his wife over needing to constantly contact his mother. Jeff's wife tells him that he may need to evaluate his relationship with his mother just as much as John. John and Beatrice go to the zoo, where they finally reach some common ground. When they return home, Jeff is waiting; upset by the aborted visit, he came to talk Beatrice into visiting for the weekend. All three argue and Jeff leaves alone, with John satisfied that Jeff is the "sickie" while John is "pretty darn healthy to begin with."Beatrice tells John that she has a friend, Charles, who comes through San Francisco every few weeks and stays over a few days, but while John is there this visit will be just for one day. John is surprised that she would call someone she is intimate with not important, but she dismisses it, saying they "just have sex occasionally". John meets Charles, who knows a lot about John because, as he tells John, Beatrice brags about him when he's not around. Beatrice and Charles go to dinner; in the car they discuss the evening, with Beatrice refusing to have anything more than dinner because of her son's visit.While alone at the house, John discovers a box of novel and short story manuscripts that his mother wrote in her youth. He learns she was a skilled writer who went to college on a scholarship, only to have her talent discouraged by her husband and the then-prevailing social expectation that mothers should not have careers outside the home. John realizes now that his mother's passive aggression toward him stems from his career reminding her of her unfulfilled ambitions and envy that her dream came true for her son. Beatrice admits that John's observation is correct, and the two warmly reconcile.The film ends with John meeting a single female fan of his novels, and Beatrice beginning to write a story based on John's moving in with her.
322	Murder at 1600 (1997)	Mystery, Thriller	In a restroom in the White House, a janitor finds secretary Carla Town dead. Metropolitan Police homicide detective Harlan Regis, whose apartment block is awaiting demolition in favor of a parking lot, is put on the case. At the White House, Regis is introduced to U.S. Secret Service Director Nick Spikings, National Security Advisor Alvin Jordan, and Secret Service agent Nina Chance. Spikings assigns Chance, a former Olympic gold-medal sharpshooter, to keep an eye on Regis.Parallel to this, the White House has to deal with an impending international crisis: President Jack Neil has been trying to deal with a situation where American servicemen are being held hostage in North Korea, and some people—including several members of his inner circle, led by Vice President Gordon Dylan—think that Neil is not handling it the right way. Some people think that Neil should send troops to North Korea to rescue the hostages, but he does not want to risk a potential second Korean War.White House janitor Cory Allen Luchessi was apparently unaccounted for on the night of the murder and had once made a pass at Carla. He is arrested and questioned, but his testimony and a clearly set-up piece of evidence lead Regis to suspect that the Secret Service may be involved. That night, Regis finds his apartment burglarized; the culprit escapes, and in a subsequent search, a hidden bug is found.In a picture of Carla, Regis sees Burton Cash, the Secret Service agent assigned to Kyle Neil, the president's son. Regis figures out that Kyle had sex with Carla on the night of the murder. At a dance club, Regis talks with a young woman who says that Kyle once bragged that he once shared a mistress with his father. Carla's uncle's company, Brookline Associates, is the president's leading East Coast fundraiser and also owns the apartment that Carla lived in.Regis eventually discovers that Chance once was Kyle's bodyguard herself. When he confronts her, Chance explains that one night she discovered Kyle beating up his girlfriend. The Secret Service covered up the beating so that Kyle would not be arrested for assault, and Chance asked to be reassigned and was replaced by Cash. Upon being confronted by Regis, Kyle denies that he murdered Carla, but provides a special piece of information: among the bookings she made, Carla supposedly also ordered a car - despite not having a driver's license. Later on, Regis and Chance discover that the most recent entries in Carla's appointment book were forged.With some clues left by Jordan, Regis finds out that Spikings has withheld several surveillance tapes from the night of the murder. Regis goes to Spikings' residence to question him; Spikings is willing to show the tape but is suddenly killed by a sniper. However, Regis and Chance escape the gunfire with the tape. They learn that the sniper was Carla's murderer and that Jordan engineered the murder in order to blackmail Neil into resigning, which would allow Dylan to assume office and have troops sent to North Korea.Regis, Chance, and Regis's partner Stengel enter the White House tunnels. The sniper pursues them and wounds Stengel, but Chance manages to kill him. Pursued by the Secret Service, Regis just barely manages to get in contact with Neil and present him with the evidence of Jordan's conspiracy. Jordan attempts to shoot Neil, after being punched in the face, only for his shot to be intercepted by a handcuffed Chance, and he is killed by the Secret Service. Chance and Stengel are brought to a hospital, where they recover from their injuries. In gratitude for his rescue, Neil asks Regis if there is anything he can do, whereupon Regis brings up his impending eviction.
323	Dante's Peak (1997)	Action, Thriller	In 1993, USGS volcanologist Harry Dalton and his partner-turned-fiancée Marianne attempt to escape an ongoing eruption in Colombia. As they venture out, a lava bomb smashes through the roof of the truck, killing Marianne.Four years later, despite the trauma he suffered in the course of his employment, Harry is assigned by his superior, Dr. Paul Dreyfus, to investigate seismic activity near the town of Dante's Peak, Washington, which borders a stratovolcano. Harry meets Mayor Rachel Wando with her children, Graham and Lauren. Rachel offers to take Harry with them as they see her former mother-in-law Ruth, an elderly hermit who lives near the lake at the base of the volcano.While exploring, they find dead trees, dead squirrels, and two people boiled to death in a hot spring. Harry stops Graham from jumping into the spring upon seeing the bodies. Harry instructs Paul to bring a USGS team to monitor the volcano, but their initial survey finds no indications of volcanic activity. Paul advises against Harry putting the town on alert. Still, Harry tries to convince Rachel to prepare for a disaster.One day, Harry examines the summit's crater until a rock slide traps his co-worker Terry, causing him to suffer a broken leg. Both men are rescued by a helicopter. Days go by showing no signs of any threat or activity. Paul decides that no danger is imminent, and the USGS team prepares to leave. When Harry says goodbye to Rachel, they discover that the town's water supply has been contaminated with sulfur dioxide. The following day, seismic readings and sulfur levels rise dramatically. Convinced that the volcano will erupt and with the National Guard unavailable until the next day, Paul permits Harry to put the town on alert.As a town meeting occurs at the high school, an earthquake strikes, and the eruption begins. Harry and Rachel retrieve the children, but they discover that they have gone to get Ruth, who refused to leave her home. Just as they reach the children and Ruth, a lava flow engulfs her cabin and destroys the vehicles both parties used to get there. The five attempt to flee across the lake in a motorboat, but sulfur-containing volcanic gases react with the lake water to make sulfuric acid, which destroys the motor and corrodes the boat's steel hull, sinking it just meters from the shoreline. Ruth jumps out of the boat to help it to shore, suffering fatal chemical burns in the process. Harry and the Wandos take a four-wheel-drive Forest Service ranger's truck to continue down the mountain and save Ruth's dog Roughy while crossing a lava flow.Meanwhile, the National Guard helps the remaining townspeople and the USGS team evacuate. As they leave, a lahar created by the melting ice breaks the upstream dam. While the rest of the team gets across, Paul and his van fail to clear the bridge before it is washed away by the flood, throwing Paul overboard to his death.Harry and the Wandos arrive at the remains of the town. Harry retrieves a distress radio beacon from the USGS workshop and learns that the volcano is due for one last eruption. The volcano then undergoes a cataclysmic lateral blast, triggering a pyroclastic flow which obliterates everything in its path. With no way out of town, Harry and the Wandos reach an abandoned mine where Graham likes to hang out. The USGS team, watching the eruption from afar, presumes Harry to be dead. While inside the mine, Harry realizes he left the beacon in the truck. When he goes back for it, aftershocks cause rocks to fall. Harry suffers a broken arm and is trapped in the truck, but manages to activate the beacon.Days later, Terry notices that the beacon has been activated, and the USGS dispatches search and rescue teams. Harry and the Wandos are freed from the mine, reunited with Harry's team, and airlifted out by helicopter. The volcano's upper half has been reduced to a Mount St. Helens–like volcanic crater.
324	Lost Highway (1997)	Mystery	Saxophonist Fred Madison receives a cryptic message on his intercom in the Hollywood Hills: "Dick Laurent is dead." Moments later, he hears tires screeching and sirens racing past his house. The next morning, his wife Renee finds a VHS tape on their porch showing eerie footage of their house. That night, Fred struggles during intimacy with Renee and confesses he dreamed of her being attacked. As he looks at her, he briefly sees the face of a pale, old man.The following day, another tape arrives, this time showing footage of Fred and Renee asleep in their bed. They call the police, but the detectives offer little help.Fred and Renee attend a party hosted by her friend Andy. At the party, Fred encounters a strange, pale man—The Mystery Man—who claims they have met before. The man also insists he is currently at Fred's house and demonstrates this by answering Fred's call to his home phone. Andy identifies the man as an acquaintance of Dick Laurent. Unnerved, Fred leaves the party with Renee.The next morning, a new tape arrives, showing Fred standing over Renee's dismembered body. Fred is arrested and sentenced to death for her murder.On death row, Fred experiences intense headaches and visions of the Mystery Man and a burning cabin in the desert, before being enveloped in light. During a cell check, the guards discover that Fred has inexplicably been replaced by Pete Dayton, a young auto mechanic from Van Nuys. Pete, seemingly unaware of how he ended up there, is released to his parents but remains under surveillance by detectives.Pete returns to work, where his gangster client Mr. Eddy visits for car repairs. Mr. Eddy takes Pete on a drive and violently assaults a man for tailgating. The next day, Mr. Eddy arrives at the garage with his mistress, Alice Wakefield, who resembles Renee. Later that night, Alice returns alone and seduces Pete, initiating an affair.Alice grows fearful that Mr. Eddy suspects them and devises a plan to rob Andy and flee town. Meanwhile, Pete's girlfriend Sheila discovers the affair and leaves him. Later, Pete receives a disturbing call from Mr. Eddy and the Mystery Man, which pushes him to agree to Alice's plan.Pete confronts Andy at his house, but Andy dies after falling headfirst into a glass table. Pete discovers a photograph of Dick, Andy, Alice, and Renee together, which triggers a nosebleed. Disoriented, Pete retreats to the bathroom but finds himself wandering the hallways of a hotel instead.Pete and Alice arrive at a remote desert cabin to fence stolen goods. During sex outside, Alice taunts Pete, saying, "You'll never have me," before disappearing into the cabin. In a flash of light, Pete transforms back into Fred.Fred searches the cabin and finds the Mystery Man, who tells him there is no Alice, only Renee. The Mystery Man pursues Fred with a video camera, but Fred escapes.Fred tracks down Dick Laurent at the Lost Highway Motel, where Laurent is having sex with Renee. After Renee leaves, Fred kidnaps Laurent and takes him to the desert. The Mystery Man reappears and hands Fred a knife, which he uses to slit Laurent's throat. Laurent, confused, asks what they want. The Mystery Man plays a video of a pornographic film Laurent produced, featuring Renee as a participant. In cutaways, Renee and Laurent watch the film, aroused. Back in the desert, the Mystery Man shoots Laurent with a pistol, whispers something inaudible to Fred, and vanishes, leaving Fred with the gun.When police investigate Andy's death, Alice is inexplicably absent from the photograph Pete found. Fred drives to his home, buzzes the intercom, and says, "Dick Laurent is dead." As detectives arrive, Fred flees and leads police on a frantic chase through the desert. Amid flashes of light and distorted screams, Fred's fate dissolves to the darkened highway.
325	Crash (1996)	Drama, Thriller	Film producer James Ballard and his wife, Catherine, are in an open marriage. The couple engages in various trysts, using the intimate details of their extramarital encounters to fuel their own sexual relations. Catherine recounts a sexual encounter she had that day with a stranger in a prop plane hangar, but she was left unsatisfied. When James responds that he did not achieve satisfaction during his own encounter with a coworker due to an interruption by a film crew member, Catherine replies, "Maybe the next one."One night, while driving home from work, James's car collides head-on with another, killing its male passenger. While trapped in the fused wreckage, Dr. Helen Remington, the driver and the dead passenger's wife, exposes a breast to James as she removes the shoulder harness of her seatbelt.During his recovery, James meets Helen again and also encounters Robert Vaughan, who shows a keen interest in the brace holding James's shattered leg together. After departing the hospital, Helen and James begin an affair, driven primarily by their shared experience of the car crash. They attend one of Vaughan's cult-like performance pieces, where he meticulously recreates the car crash that killed James Dean using replica cars and stunt drivers. When Department of Transport officials break up the event, James flees with Helen and Vaughan.James soon becomes one of Vaughan's followers, who fetishize car crashes, obsessively watch car safety test videos, photograph traffic collisions, and recount the deaths of famous people in road accidents. Catherine, who has noticed Vaughan following her in his car on several occasions, begins to fantasize about him and James having sex. Although Vaughan initially claims that he is interested in the "reshaping of the human body by modern technology," his true project is living out the philosophy that the car crash is a "benevolent psychopathology that beckons toward us."James drives Vaughan's Lincoln convertible around the city while Vaughan picks up a prostitute and has sex with her in the back seat. Shortly after, James invites Catherine on one of his and Vaughan's drives. They see police search Vaughan's convertible in connection with a pedestrian hit-and-run, leaving Vaughan distressed. On an interstate, they come across a car wreck involving Colin Seagrave, a member of the group who had been planning to authentically recreate the car accident that killed Jayne Mansfield with Vaughan. Amongst the wreckage, the three see Colin's bloodied corpse, dressed in a blonde wig and a dress to resemble Mansfield. Vaughan photographs the scene as they pass by. James notices some unexplained blood on the fender and drives them through a car wash while Vaughan and Catherine have sex in the back seat. Back home, Catherine lies in bed with visible, though superficial, wounds from Vaughan's touch, crying while James touches her. They have sex again, while Catherine asks James to imagine having sex with Vaughan.James subsequently has a tryst with Gabrielle, another member of the group, whose legs are clad in restrictive steel braces and who has a vulva-like scar on the back of one of her thighs from a crash injury. He tears her fishnet stockings open and penetrates her scar. Later, Vaughan invites James to visit a tattooist, who inks car emblems on Vaughan's body. Afterward, James and Vaughan have sex in Vaughan's car.When Vaughan rams his car into Catherine's while it is unattended, he and James aggressively pursue each other. On an overpass, Vaughan intentionally crashes his car, landing on a passenger bus below and killing himself. After Vaughan's death, Gabrielle and Helen visit a junkyard and affectionately embrace while lying in the wreck of Vaughan's car.Later, James and Catherine perform a similar stunt, with James pursuing her at high speed on a freeway. Catherine unbuckles her seatbelt as she sees James approaching, and he rams into the back of her car, causing it to topple down into a grassy median. James exits his car and approaches Catherine's, which has flipped upside down. Catherine lies partly under the car, apparently only superficially injured. When James asks if she is okay, she tells him she is not hurt. As the couple kisses and begins to have sex partly underneath the wrecked vehicle, James whispers to a crying Catherine, "Maybe the next one."
326	G.I. Jane (1997)	Action, Drama, War	A Senate Armed Services Committee interviews a candidate for the position of Secretary of the Navy. Senator Lillian DeHaven from Texas criticizes the Navy for not being gender-neutral. Behind the curtains, a deal is struck: if women compare favorably with men in a series of test cases, the military will integrate women fully into all occupations of the Navy.The first test is the training course of the U.S. Navy Combined Reconnaissance Team. Senator DeHaven selects topographical analyst Lieutenant Jordan O'Neil, because she is physically more feminine than the other candidates.To make the grade, O'Neil must survive a grueling selection program in which almost sixty percent of candidates wash out, most before the fourth week, with the third week being particularly intensive ("hell week"). The enigmatic Command Master Chief John James Urgayle runs the training program that involves 20-hour days of tasks designed to wear down recruits' physical and mental strength, including pushing giant ship fenders up beach dunes, working through obstacle courses, and hauling landing rafts. Even though O’Neil outranks Urgayle, he is in charge of training and O’Neil has to fight for her spot like all the others.Given a 30-second "gender-norming" allowance in an obstacle course, O'Neil demands to be held to the same standards as the male trainees. The master chief observes O'Neil helping the other candidates by allowing them to climb on her back to make it over the wall obstacle course. Eight weeks into the program, during SERE training in Captiva, Florida, the Master Chief ties her to a chair with her hands behind her back, grabs hold of her and slams her through the door, then picking her up off the floor he repeatedly dunks her head in ice-cold water in front of the other crew members. O'Neil retaliates and is successful in causing him some injury, despite her immobilized arms. In so doing, she acquires respect from him, as well as from the other trainees.Navy leaders, confident that a woman would quickly drop out, become concerned. The media learn of O'Neil's involvement, and she becomes a sensation known as "G.I. Jane." and "Joan of Arc". Soon, she must contend with trumped-up charges that she is a lesbian, and is fraternizing with women. O'Neil is told that she will be given a desk job during the investigation and, if cleared, will need to repeat her training from the beginning. She decides to "ring out" (ringing a bell three times, signaling her voluntary withdrawal from the program) rather than accept a desk job.It is later revealed that the photo evidence of O'Neil's alleged fraternization came from Senator DeHaven's office. DeHaven never intended for O'Neil to succeed; she used O'Neil as a bargaining chip to prevent military base closings in her home state of Texas. O'Neil threatens to expose DeHaven, who then has the charges voided and O'Neil restored to the program.The final phase of training, an operational readiness exercise, is interrupted by an emergency that requires the CRT trainees' support. The situation involves a reconnaissance satellite powered by weapons-grade plutonium that fell into the Libyan desert. A team of U.S. Army Rangers is dispatched to retrieve the plutonium, but their evacuation plan fails, and the trainees are sent to assist the Rangers. The Master Chief's shooting of a Libyan soldier to protect O'Neil leads to a confrontation with a Libyan patrol. During the mission, O'Neil, using her experience as a topographical analyst, realizes when she sees the team's map that the Master Chief is not going to use the route the others believe he will in regrouping with the others. She also displays a definitive ability in leadership and strategy while rescuing the injured Master Chief, whom she and McCool pull out of an explosives-laden "kill zone." With helicopter gunships delivering the final assault to the defenders, the rescue mission is a success.Upon their return, all those who participated in the mission are accepted to the CRT. Urgayle gives O'Neil his Navy Cross and a book of poetry containing a short poem, "Self-pity", by D. H. Lawrence, as acknowledgment of her accomplishment and in gratitude for rescuing him.
327	Cop Land (1997)	Crime, Drama, Mystery	The small town of Garrison, New Jersey, is home to a cadre of corrupt police officers from the NYPD's 37th Precinct, including Lieutenant Ray Donlan, Detective Leo Crasky, and officers Gary Figgis, Jack Rucker, Frank Lagonda and Joey Randone. Exploiting a loophole to live outside of the city as "auxiliary transit cops", Donlan and his men are effectively untouchable by internal affairs, and are further protected by the local sheriff, Freddy Heflin. Having lost his hearing in one ear while rescuing a woman from the Hudson River as a young man, Heflin is unable to fulfill his lifelong dream of joining the NYPD.Donlan's nephew, Officer Murray Babitch, is sideswiped by two youths while driving across the George Washington Bridge; believing one of them has a weapon, a frightened Babitch fatally shoots them both. Donlan, Rucker and Crasky try to plant a gun in the teens' car but are caught by a paramedic, leading Donlan to fake Babitch's suicide before hiding him in Garrison. Heflin discovers that Randone is having an affair with Donlan's wife Rose, but he and his deputies Cindy and Bill turn a blind eye to Donlan and his men.Heflin reconnects with Randone's wife Liz—the woman whom he saved from drowning—and they confess their feelings for each other. The cocaine-addicted Figgis is kicked out of Donlan's circle, and his house soon burns down with his girlfriend inside. Letting Figgis stay at his home, Heflin refuses to help internal affairs investigator Moe Tilden build his case against Donlan. Fearing that Babitch will expose them, Donlan and his men try to drown his nephew, who escapes and goes to Heflin for help, but flees when he sees Figgis. Unwilling to hunt down Babitch, Randone is thrown off a roof during a struggle with a violent suspect, and Donlan chooses not to save him.Tired of being pushed around by Donlan and his men, Heflin goes to Tilden but learns that the mayor, under pressure from Donlan's allies in the police union, has shut down the investigation. Stealing Tilden's discarded files, Heflin realizes that Donlan's ties to organized crime allowed him to create a safe haven in Garrison while trafficking drugs through the 37th Precinct, and he had Figgis's partner killed before he could testify against him. Bill is reluctant to become involved, and Cindy leaves for her old department, having lost faith in Heflin's leadership. Rucker tries to intimidate Heflin at a carnival's pistol game, but he is surprised to find Heflin is a crack shot, as is Lagonda after Heflin is chided by Liz for digging into Donlan.Heflin realizes that Figgis set fire to his own house, and Figgis admits that he committed insurance fraud to use the payout to leave Garrison for a new life. Convincing Rose to reveal where her nephew is hiding, Heflin takes Babitch into custody and sends Bill away for his own protection, but they are ambushed by Lagonda and Rucker, who capture Babitch and fire a gun next to Heflin's good ear. Completely deafened, Heflin follows them to Donlan's residence. In the ensuing shootout, he kills Lagonda and Rucker, but is wounded by Crasky. Figgis arrives, killing Crasky and distracting Donlan before he can shoot Heflin in the back, and Heflin fatally shoots Donlan.Driving to NYPD headquarters, Heflin and Figgis deliver Babitch to Tilden. Figgis turns state's evidence, resulting in sweeping arrests and indictments across the police union, the mob and the 37th Precinct. Recovering the hearing in his good ear, Heflin continues to serve as sheriff in Garrison.
328	Conspiracy Theory (1997)	Action, Mystery, Romance, Thriller	New York City taxi driver Jerry Fletcher is a passionate conspiracy theorist, happily sharing his ideas with anyone who will listen. His favorite audience is Justice Department lawyer Alice Sutton, who tolerates him because he once saved her from a mugging but is unaware he spies on her at home. She is haunted by the murder of her father, a judge, which her boss Mr. Wilson believes was ordered by an inmate her father denied an appeal.One day, Jerry notices some men he surmises to be CIA agents, who lure him into a trap. They bring him to a man who, claiming to know Jerry well, injects him with LSD and demands to know who he has been talking to "about us." Experiencing terrifying hallucinations and flashbacks, Jerry manages to escape after biting the interrogator's nose, but is injured when the wheelchair he is taped to falls down a flight of stairs and a metal rod pierces his abdomen. Accosting Alice in the Justice Department lobby, a frantic, bloodied Jerry grabs a security guard's gun and is arrested.Taken to the hospital, Jerry is handcuffed to a bed and drugged. Before losing consciousness, he begs Alice to switch his chart with the criminal in the next bed, claiming he will be dead by morning otherwise. When Alice returns the next day, the criminal has died from an alleged heart attack and the police, along with the FBI and the CIA, arrive to ID the body, believing it to be Jerry's. The CIA is led by a psychiatrist named Dr. Jonas, whose nose is bandaged. Jerry fakes a heart attack and, with a reluctant Alice's help, escapes again. Alice and FBI Agent Lowry examine Jerry's belongings before the CIA confiscates them. She returns to her car to find Jerry hiding in the back seat. While driving, Jerry explains someone is likely following her. Alice waves the suspicious car on to discover it is Lowry; she convinces him to leave her alone until she has more information to offer. At Jerry's apartment, he suspects that something in the conspiracy newsletter he produces has set off this sudden interest in him, but has no idea what it is. Alice, meanwhile, begins to grasp the depths of Jerry's paranoia and loneliness, including his compulsion to buy copies of Catcher in the Rye despite never reading it. Just as she's decided he is crazy, a SWAT team starts to break in. Jerry activates devices that incinerate the apartment and they leave through a hidden trapdoor. In the room below, Alice is startled by a mural of her riding a horse - something she gave up after her father's murder - and the triple smokestacks of the Ravenswood Generating Station. Jerry disguises himself as a firefighter and carries Alice past emergency services and an arriving Jonas. They go to her apartment, where Jerry inadvertently reveals he has been watching Alice and is kicked out. Down on the street, Jerry notices Lowry and his partner staking out the apartment and warns them off at gunpoint. After a compulsive purchase at a bookstore is flagged by the CIA, Jerry flees from agents into a theater and escapes by faking a bomb threat.Alice is told by Mr. Wilson that the Justice Department must cooperate with Dr. Jonas to locate Jerry. Suspicious, she calls each person on Jerry's mailing list and finds that all but one, Harry Finch, have recently died. Jerry disables the CIA's van and uses a ruse to get Alice out of the office. While escaping through a subway station, he tells her that he fell in love with her at first sight, fleeing on a subway train when she brushes off his feelings. Alice goes to see Harry Finch, who turns out to be Jonas. He explains that he helped develop the MKUltra program, unofficially continuing it after being shut down in 1973. His brainwashing techniques, which he used to turn people like Jerry into assassins, were stolen by an unknown party, who he needs Jerry to identify. He also claims that Jerry killed Alice's father. She agrees to help find Jerry, who sends her a message to meet him. Ditching the agents by causing a traffic jam on the Queensboro Bridge and switching cars, he drives her to her father's private horse stables in Connecticut. Along the way, Alice secretly calls her office so Jonas and Wilson can track her phone. At the stables, Jerry remembers that he was programmed to kill her father but the sight of Alice dissuaded him. Instead, he became friends with the judge, remembering the inmate who was denied the appeal was actually innocent, and promised to watch over Alice after her father was mortally wounded by another assassin. Jonas' men arrive, capturing Jerry and killing Wilson, but Alice manages to escape.Alice brings Lowry to the offices where she met Jonas, which they find cleared out. She forces Lowry at gunpoint to admit that he is not actually FBI, but from a "secret agency that watches the other agencies". They have been using the unwitting Jerry to flush out Jonas and find out who he has been building assassins for. Alice goes to Ravenswood and sees a mental hospital next door. She breaks in and finds Jerry just as groups led by Jonas and Lowry arrive, setting off a gun battle. Jerry attempts to drown Jonas, who pulls an ankle gun and shoots Jerry before being killed by Alice. She tells Jerry she loves him before he is taken away in an ambulance. Some time later, a grieving Alice visits Jerry's grave and leaves a pin that he had given her. She takes up horse riding again. Observing Alice from a car with Lowry, Jerry - whose death and burial had been faked by the secret agency - reaffirms his agreement not to contact her until the rest of Jonas's subjects are caught. As they drive away singing "Can't Take My Eyes Off You", Alice finds the pin attached to her saddle, and smiles.Among the numerous conspiracy theories mentioned by Jerry include Rockefeller Center, fluoridation, the United Nations, the JFK assassination, Watergate funder Armand Hammer, the "New World Order", Freemasons, the  CIA, the Vatican, microchipping of pets, Moon landings, Pearl Harbor, and silent "Black Helicopters".
329	Desperate Measures (1998)	Crime, Drama, Thriller	San Francisco police officer and widowed father Frank Conner is in a frantic search for a compatible bone marrow donor for his leukemia-stricken son, Matt. In desperation, he breaks into FBI headquarters and finds a perfect match. Unfortunately, it is Peter McCabe, a sociopath who is serving life in prison for several murders. During his time in prison, the brutal, cunning McCabe has attempted escape and killed several guards and fellow prisoners and must be kept in multiple restraints when outside of the supermax unit at Pelican Bay State Prison.McCabe initially shows little interest in helping Conner, but later finds an opportunity to turn the situation to his advantage and devises a plot to escape. Biding his time, he plays chess against a computer, easily defeating the program, and expresses the need for a challenge akin to Garry Kasparov or Deep Blue. Meanwhile, Conner, along with police captain Cassidy and Matt's physician, Dr. Hawkins, prepare for McCabe to be transferred to the hospital for the organ transplant.At the hospital, McCabe is given a sedative. With the aid of a counteracting drug he had obtained from a fellow inmate, McCabe slips out of his restraints, attacks the guards and surgeons and attempts to escape. Conner and a fellow officer corner him, but McCabe holds a scalpel to Hawkins' throat, prompting Conner to drop his gun. The other officer gets the drop on McCabe, but Hawkins warns the police that if he dies, his bone marrow becomes useless. Conner stands in the way of the other officer; McCabe takes his gun and shoots the officer.After hearing what happened, Cassidy immediately orders Conner removed from the scene. Conner breaks free to search the hospital for McCabe on his own. McCabe causes an explosion with propane tanks, seizes control of the hospital's adjacent wing, holds guards hostage and orders a lockdown of the building.Conner and Hawkins make their way to McCabe and convince him to let them inside so that Hawkins can attend to Matt. As McCabe watches Conner on the security cameras, he realizes that his nemesis is a truly devoted father and develops a grudging respect for him. Conner intervenes when McCabe is about to ambush Cassidy and his SWAT team with a set of tanks of cyclopropane. Cassidy is furious that Conner continues to aid an escaped convict, while McCabe is angry that Conner foiled his plan. He kidnaps Matt and descends to the sub-levels of the building.Matt tries to wound McCabe to give Conner a better chance; impressed, McCabe spares Matt and leaves him at the hospital for Conner to find. McCabe then escapes into the city, where he steals a car. Conner chases McCabe to a bridge, still needing him captured alive. Cassidy and his men arrive in a helicopter and a sniper opens fire. Conner again shields McCabe and is wounded in the arm. McCabe attempts to flee, but Conner is determined not to let him go. Conner wounds McCabe, sending him off the bridge and into the bay. Conner then dives in and saves him.Back in the hospital, a wounded McCabe agrees to the transplant, which saves Matt's life. Even though his career is over, Conner is overjoyed that Matt will live. McCabe is informed by a guard that the surgery went well. As the bed reclines upwards and McCabe looks at the guard menacingly, the guard suddenly realizes that his gun is missing. McCabe holds it over the guard and asks, "What kind of car do you have?"
330	187 (1997)	Drama	Clifford Smith Jr. (born March 2, 1971), known professionally as Method Man, is an American rapper, record producer, and actor. He is a member of the East Coast hip hop collective Wu-Tang Clan, and is half of the hip hop duo Method Man & Redman. His debut solo album, Tical (1994), peaked at number four on the Billboard 200 and spawned the single "I'll Be There for You/You're All I Need to Get By" (featuring Mary J. Blige), which won Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the 38th Annual Grammy Awards. The song also peaked within the top five of the Billboard Hot 100; he and Blige later starred in Power Book II: Ghost, a spin-off of Power. Method Man has appeared in films such as 187 (1997), Belly (1998), How High (2001), Garden State (2004), The Wackness (2008), Venom (2005), Red Tails (2012), Keanu (2016), The Cobbler (2014), and Bad Shabbos (2024). He and Redman co-starred on the short-lived Fox television sitcom Method & Red. He has also had recurring roles in three HBO series, as Tug Daniels in Oz, Melvin "Cheese" Wagstaff in The Wire, and Rodney in The Deuce. Method Man also appeared in the TBS comedy series The Last O.G.. His stage name is a tribute to the 1979 martial arts film Method Man.
331	Edge, The (1997)	Adventure, Thriller	Billionaire Charles Morse, photographer Robert "Bob" Green, and Bob's assistant Stephen arrive at a remote Alaskan resort with Charles's wife Mickey, a model, and a team of photographers. Styles, the proprietor of the lodge, warns everyone about leaving uncovered food out, as it will attract bears. During a surprise birthday party, Mickey gives Charles a watch, while Bob gives him a pocket knife.At a photo shoot, Charles observes Bob and Mickey flirting from a distance. Short on time and missing a model, Bob decides to seek out Jack Hawk, a local hunter. Charles, Bob and Stephen fly to Jack Hawk's home, only to find a note on his door that indicates he is miles away hunting. They fly to where the man is supposed to be, but the plane strikes a flock of birds and nose-dives into a lake, killing the pilot. Charles, Bob and Stephen escape the sinking plane and reach the shore of the lake. Lost in the crash is a book that Charles was recently given on surviving in the wild.The three men gather wood for a fire and spend the night by the lake. The next morning, Charles uses a compass leaf to determine the direction of south. They start a hike that way, but encounter an enormous male Kodiak bear; it gives chase. Bob saves Charles as they flee over a log bridge, leaving Charles in doubt over his earlier suspicions that Bob was planning to kill him for Mickey. The group continues on and they find they had gone in a circle and are back at the lake. Distraught, Stephen distracts himself by carving a spear to fish with. He accidentally stabs his own leg and Charles tends to the wound. That night, the bear, having caught the scent of Stephen's blood, attacks their camp, devouring Stephen and chasing Charles and Bob away.Charles and Bob adapt to their harsh surroundings; while watching a squirrel fall for a trap they have constructed, they hear a rescue helicopter fly above. They run after it, yet fail to flag it down, and tensions rise when Bob expresses his disgust with Charles and his wealth in an argument. Charles rebuffs Bob, who settles down. They both resolve to walk their way back to civilization and abandon the remote hope of being found.After hiking for some time, Charles and Bob reach a creek. Charles tries to catch a fish, but is ambushed by the bear and falls back to the campsite Bob is putting together. The bear stalks them throughout the night. Charles realizes that as long as this persists, they will be unable to forage for essentials, and decides that they have to kill the bear in order to survive. The following day, the pair lure the bear into a trap and engage it in a direct battle with spears. The bear wounds Bob but Charles stabs it and the bear advances on him. It rears onto its hind legs and collapses on Charles's spear, impaling itself. Charles and Bob feast and celebrate afterwards.Sometime later, brought together by their new comradeship, Charles and Bob come across an empty cabin along a river. Charles notices a deadfall trap outside. Inside are supplies, including a canoe, rifle, and ammunition. As Bob checks if the canoe is usable, Charles finds a receipt from the box he kept his knife in to use as tinder. The receipt contains information confirming his suspicions about Mickey's infidelities with Bob. Charles subtly confronts Bob, who reveals that he plans to kill Charles for Mickey. Armed with a rifle, Bob orders Charles to go outside, but before he is able to shoot him, Bob falls into the deadfall and is badly injured. Charles refuses to kill Bob and rescues him from the pit to tend to his wounds. They go downriver in the canoe together.Charles stops and makes a fire to keep Bob warm. Bob apologizes for betraying Charles and says Mickey was unaware that he intended to murder him. A helicopter appears in the distance and Charles successfully attracts its attention, but Bob succumbs to his wounds just as the helicopter approaches. Brought back to the lodge, Charles reveals to his wife that he is aware of her betrayal by handing her Bob's wristwatch, an incriminating gift Mickey had given to Bob. When questioned by the gathered press on how his companions died, Charles emotionally states, "They died saving my life."
332	Kiss the Girls (1997)	Crime, Drama, Thriller	Washington D.C. Detective and forensic psychologist, Dr Alex Cross, is devastated to learn that his niece, Naomi, a college student in Durham, North Carolina, has been missing for four days. Despite his family's anxiety, Cross travels to Durham to investigate, determined to find her.Upon arrival, Cross meets with local police and learns that multiple young women, including Naomi, are missing. He collaborates with Detectives Nick Ruskin and Davey Sikes, as well as FBI agents. Together, they visit a crime scene in the woods where the body of one of the missing women has been found, brutally murdered and tied to a tree, heightening Cross's fears for Naomi's safety.Meanwhile, Dr. Kate McTiernan, a doctor and kickboxer, is abducted from her home by a masked man who calls himself Casanova. She wakes up in a stone-walled room, heavily sedated, and is told by Casanova that he admires her talents and promises she won't suffer if she complies with his rules. Kate, however, is determined to escape. She discovers other women are held captive with her.Kate eventually manages to overpower Casanova during one of his visits and escapes into the woods, jumping off a cliff into a river to ensure her freedom. She is found and taken to a hospital, where she recovers and agrees to help Cross in his investigation. She provides vital information about her captivity and describes Casanova.Cross investigates further and discovers that a plastic surgeon in California, Dr. William Rudolph, had suspiciously ordered a large quantity of Sistol, a benzodiazepine drug, which was used to sedate the captives. Travelling together to California, Cross and Kate join forces with Sampson, Cross' partner, and Henry, an LAPD Detective, to begin surveilling Rudolph.After staking out Rudolph's home, they follow him to a remote cabin in the woods. The investigation intensifies when they follow Rudolph to a nightclub. Kate, upon seeing Rudolph caress a woman's cheek, recognizes his touch and, believing he is Casanova, alerts Cross. Rudolph takes the woman from the nightclub to his cabin, where a chase ensues when the group hears her screaming, during which Rudolph escapes after shooting one of Sampson’s men and injuring Cross.At Rudolph's home, the police uncover the identity of a second killer, named by the press as the Gentleman Caller. This killer is also involved in the abductions and is working in conjunction to and competition with Casanova. The two operate bicoastally, abducting women within days of one another and sharing images of their captives for the other to see. The police also discover a hidden freezer which contains mutilated body parts of his victims, distinguishing the Gentleman Caller's MO from Casanova's.Back in North Carolina, with the help of Naomi's boyfriend who is familiar with the area, Cross locates the hideout where the women are being held. Concurrently, Rudolph has also travelled to North Carolina and has broken into Casanova's lair. He enrages Casanova when he tries to undermine his control of Naomi and the other captive women, who shoots at Rudolph, but intentionally misses. Upon hearing Cross enter the hideout, Casanova tells Rudolph to flee. In a climactic confrontation, Cross and the police rescue the captives, including Naomi. Rudolph is killed by Cross in an ensuing chase, but Casanova escapes.The FBI raid the hideout and locate Casanova's fingerprints. Finally feeling safe, and with the belief that Casanova will be identified within a day, Kate invites Cross to her home for dinner before he returns back to D.C. Before Cross is due to arrive, Detective Ruskin arrives at Kate's home to check in on her. She welcomes him inside and, whilst her back is turned, he cuts her phone line.In the meantime, Cross recognizes a similarity between Casanova's handwriting and Ruskin's signature. Realizing Ruskin is Casanova, Cross rushes to save Kate. Ruskin, now revealed as Casanova, attempts to rape and kill Kate. A fight ensues, breaking a gas line in the kitchen. Realising this, Ruskin takes out a lighter, threatening to ignite it. Cross arrives just in time to intervene. In the final struggle, Cross shoots Ruskin through a milk carton, preventing him from causing an explosion in Kate’s house. Casanova is finally dead, and Cross and Kate embrace as the police arrive.
333	Game, The (1997)	Mystery, Thriller	Nicholas Van Orton is an investment banker in San Francisco. He is very successful and wealthy, but also cold and condescending, as well as lonely and reclusive. He remains haunted by the death of his father, who committed suicide on his 48th birthday by jumping off the roof of the family mansion. Therefore, Nicholas is looking grim at his own 48th birthday.On his birthday, he is surprisingly visited by his estranged younger brother Conrad, who gifts him an unusual present —a voucher for a "game" offered by a company called Consumer Recreation Services (CRS). Though skeptical, he goes to the CRS office to apply, but the time-consuming psychological and physical examinations required irritate him, and he is later informed that his application has been rejected.Nicholas returns home one evening to find a wooden clown in his driveway which he drags inside. While watching the Cable Financial Network (CFN), the anchor begins talking to Nicholas through his television screen. The anchor tells Nicholas that he is being watched by a tiny camera in the head of the clown and provides him with the telephone number for a CRS 24-hour emergency hotline. He warns Nicholas not to call the hotline asking about the object of the game as "figuring that out is the object of the game." More bizarre events continue happening; Nicholas initially thinks CRS are simply staging elaborate pranks, but then he starts to believe it is real when his business, reputation, and safety are endangered. He meets a waitress, Christine, who also becomes involved.Conrad visits Nicholas and apologizes, claiming CRS has attacked him. An argument breaks out between the two brothers, resulting in Conrad running away—leaving Nicholas on his own. Nicholas gets into a taxi; after locking the doors, the driver jumps out before the car crashes into San Francisco Bay.  Nicholas manages to escape the sinking car and make it to the surface. Nicholas contacts the police, but they find the CRS office abandoned.With no one else to turn to, Nicholas finds Christine's home, and discovers she is a CRS employee. When she tells him they are being watched, Nicholas attacks a nearby camera, and armed CRS personnel swarm the house. When they fire at the two of them, Nicholas and Christine flee. Christine later tells him CRS has drained his bank accounts by guessing his passwords using the psychological tests he completed, but his lawyer says the money in the accounts is still there. He then begins to feel dizzy and realizes Christine has drugged him. As he loses consciousness, she admits she is part of the scam and says he made a fatal mistake in giving his card security code over the phone.Nicholas wakes entombed alive in a Mexico cemetery. He sells his watch (a gift from his mother) to return to San Francisco, where he finds his mansion foreclosed and most of his possessions removed. He contacts the hotel where Conrad was staying, and is told his brother has been committed to a mental institution following a nervous breakdown. Nicholas retrieves a hidden gun and finds his ex-wife to ask for help. While apologizing to her for his emotional neglectfulness, he learns that Jim Feingold, the CRS employee who conducted his tests, is an actor working in television advertisements. He finds Jim and forces him to find the real CRS office and takes Christine hostage, demanding to be taken to the head of CRS.Attacked by CRS guards, Nicholas takes Christine to the roof. Christine, realizing Nicholas's gun is not a prop, frantically tells him it is only a game; his finances are intact, and his family and friends are waiting on the other side of the door. He refuses to believe her, and Nicholas shoots the first person to emerge—Conrad, bearing a bottle of champagne. Devastated, Nicholas tries to commit suicide by leaping off the roof but lands on a giant air cushion in a banquet hall. He is greeted by Conrad and the rest of the actors from the game, revealing that the gun was a prop. Everything had been staged by Conrad for Nicholas's birthday present.After a birthday party with friends, Christine (whose real name is revealed to be Claire) declines Nicholas's offer for a date as she has another job lined up in Australia. She instead suggests they have coffee together at the airport, ending the final scene with Nicholas looking half-tempted, half-cautious.
334	U Turn (1997)	Action, Crime, Mystery	Bobby Cooper is a young drifter traveling in a 1964½ Ford Mustang convertible. He has a bandaged left hand and is secretly transporting a gym bag full of cash owed to a gangster in Los Angeles. The journey takes a turn when Bobby's car breaks down due to a burst radiator hose on the outskirts of Superior, Arizona. Bobby leaves his car with Darrell, the local mechanic, who informs him that repairs will take three to four hours. Bobby keeps the gym bag with the cash but leaves his pistol in the car's trunk.While exploring the town, Bobby meets Grace outside a hardware store. He offers to help her carry her newly purchased drapes. Their chemistry sparks as Bobby shares a fabricated story about his injured hand, claiming it was an accident. Grace invites him to her house for a shower, deepening their connection. During the shower, it is revealed that his hand injury resulted from a brutal punishment for an overdue debt—two of his fingers were cut off. After freshening up, Bobby makes a move on Grace, but she rebuffs his advances until a sudden kiss is interrupted by her older husband, Jake McKenna.Bobby attempts to explain himself, stating ignorance of Grace’s marital status. However, Jake retaliates with a punch. On his way back to town, Jake offers Bobby a lift and oddly proposes a dark hypothetical: would Bobby kill Grace for money? Bobby dismisses this question, unsure of Jake's intent. Bobby visits a convenience store where he becomes an unwitting victim of a robbery. The teenage assailants steal his gym bag, but the store owner retaliates with a shotgun, killing them both and mangling Bobby's cash in the crossfire. With no money and unable to pay the mechanic, Bobby frantically tries to reach out to acquaintances for help, including the gangster he owes, but his pleas are met with hostility.At a local bar, Bobby meets Jenny, a troubled teenager who flirts with him. This encounter attracts the ire of her violent boyfriend, TNT. A brawl nearly breaks out, but Sheriff Virgil Potter intervenes, showing disapproval towards Bobby as an outsider and ordering him to leave town once repairs are completed. Returning to Darrell's garage, Bobby finds that additional repairs have been made, increasing the cost. Darrell has also rifled through the trunk and taken Bobby's gun. A confrontation ensues, escalating into a mess as Bobby realizes he is trapped, with Darrell continuing to leverage his repairs against Bobby's dwindling resources.Wondering what to do for money, Bobby remembers the offer Jake made to him earlier in the car. He approaches Jake about the deal, who initially passes the comment off as a joke. Bobby says that he could tell Jake was serious about the offer and that he is serious about taking him up on it. Jake tells him that he would need to take Grace out of town and push her off a cliff in order to make the murder look like a suicide.A dream sequence shows that Bobby couldn't go through with it and ends up having sex with her instead as it cuts back into the real world. Grace cuts the sex short however just before he comes, leading Bobby to call her the "Queen of hot-and-cold". Grace reveals that she is not just Jake's wife; she is also his illegitimate child. Jake sexually abused her from a young age and then married her after her mother died. Her mother was found dead at the bottom of a cliff but her death was ruled a suicide. Grace doesn't believe she killed herself. Her death is eerily similar to how Jake told Bobby to kill Grace. Grace then asks Bobby if he would kill Jake, meaning the two of them could steal his money which Grace would not have access to otherwise. Bobby initially refuses, clearly not trusting Grace.Still broke and aware that the gangsters will send someone to find him, Bobby attempts to buy a ticket out of town in order to escape. Although he doesn't have enough money, the clerk gives him the ticket anyway after he becomes aggressive and hostile. After buying the ticket he sees one of the gangsters driving towards him. However, the Sheriff stops the gangster and arrests him for speeding. Thinking he is safe, Bobby is then attacked by TNT who has been attempting to fight him. TNT takes Bobby's ticket, rips it up and eats it, causing Bobby to lose his temper and badly beats him up. Just then, Jenny appears and yells at Bobby to stop beating up her boyfriend, and begins comforting him. Bobby angrily storms out of the bus station, seeing how crazy not only Jenny is, but the entire town is.Knowing he is out of options, Bobby phones Grace and agrees with her plan to kill Jake for his money. She instructs him to come on over to the house after dark for the deed to be done. That evening after the sun sets, Bobby breaks into Jake's house while Jake is having sex with Grace, but Bobby accidentally makes a noise. Jake goes downstairs to investigate and finds Bobby, who then tells Jake that killing him was Grace's idea and that he'll kill Grace for just enough money to pay for a car. Grace overhears this and attacks Bobby when he walks into the room. However, she is really waiting for Jake to return so that she can kill him. After killing Jake, Bobby and Grace unlock his safe to find $200,000 in cash. They then have sex in front of his dead body.The next morning, Bobby goes to Darrell to pay him and finally gets his car back. When Bobby returns to the house, Grace's car is gone. Bobby thinks she has run off with the all the money but she shows up at the front door. As they drive off and out of town in Bobby's car, however, they are pulled over by Sheriff Potter. Here we find out that Grace has also been sleeping with him. Grace appears to turn on Bobby, blaming him for Jake's death and telling the sheriff that Bobby just killed her husband. However, just as Sheriff Potter places Bobby under arrest, she pulls out her gun and shoots the sheriff dead. Bobby helps Grace put the sheriff in the car trunk with Jake.As Bobby and Grace are dumping the two bodies off a cliff, Bobby elbows Grace in the nose and takes her gun, telling her that he does not trust her and that when they reach California they will split the money and go their separate ways. Grace says that when she blamed Jake's death on Bobby, she was merely baiting the Sheriff so she could kill him, much like Bobby baited Jake when he said he would kill Grace. The implication seems to be that Bobby would have killed Grace rather than Jake if he'd had to. As they are talking, Grace suddenly pushes Bobby over the cliff, not killing him but severely injuring him. Grace smirks and tells Bobby laying at the bottom of the 60-foot cliff that his suspicions about her were correct; she really is too greedy to split the money in any way, and she used him so she could steal all of Jake's money for herself. She also tells Bobby that she was the one who killed her mother by pushing her off the very same cliff, for reasons not made clear.As Grace gets back in the car to drive off, she realizes that Bobby has taken the keys. Bobby pleads with her to come down and help him. She does so, knowing she needs the keys. When she gets close enough however, he strangles her to death with his bare hands. Grace manages to shoot Bobby with her gun before she expires, but it is a non-fatal wound to his right hip. Bobby then makes the grueling journey back up the cliff with a broken leg, a broken arm, his gunshot wound and several other serious and superficial injuries. Relieved that he is finally back in his car and with all the money, he starts the car to drive off, only for the radiator hose to burst again like it did in the opening scene. Bobby sits back and laughs insanely of his continuing bad luck as he looks up at the bright blue sky aware that he will now die in the desert heat without anyone to help him now.
335	How to Be a Player (1997)	Comedy	Drayton "Dray" Jackson , who works as an A&R representative for Def Jam Recordings, is a playboy with only one goal in life: to have sex with as many women as possible. He dreams that he gets caught cheating on his girlfriend, Lisa, only to wake up from the dream to remind him not to get caught. The women he sleeps with are all a secret from Lisa, who comes over to his house for a bit to see him, before heading off for work. Dray's sister, Jenny, also comes by his house to remind him about the cookout. Dray becomes fascinated with Jenny's friend Katrina, and invites her to a party his friend is hosting; she tells him that she is busy.Jenny cannot stand Dray's way of treating women. As soon as Dray leaves, she and Katrina snoop around and find Dray's mobile black book of his women. Jenny plans to set Dray up at the party in a hostile environment, hoping that Dray, if he gets caught, will reform his ways. After Jenny and Katrina call the women and receive their numbers, they both leave.Dray makes his daily rounds of sex with his women, including his three main ones: Robin, a married woman, Amber, a sexy thespian, and Sherri, a freaky dominatrix.  Afterwards, Dray goes to the cookout briefly before continuing on to the party. When he sees all of the women there, including Jenny and Katrina, he understands that he has been set up by them.  He figures out a way get all of the women out of the party, without them noticing about each other and confrontation about Dray. He then heads to Jenny and Katrina to explain that when a player is put in a hostile environment, a player doesn't reform: he adapts to the situation. Dray leaves to go home and wait for Lisa to come see him after a long day at work.While Dray is waiting for Lisa, Katrina shows up at the last minute to apologize.  However, she has become fascinated with Dray and has been fantasizing about him. Before leaving, she makes a move on Dray and they have sex, apparently fulfilling her fantasy.  Lisa returns, but Katrina is able to leave without her noticing. However as Lisa changes into her nightwear, she sees a dress, bra, and heels with smears of lipstick spelling out: "Busted, Adapt." Realizing that Katrina has set him up, Dray knows that he finally got caught.
336	Playing God (1997)	Crime, Thriller	Eugene Sands, a surgeon has his medical license revoked after operating under the influence of amphetamines and opiates. A crime lord named Raymond Blossom happens upon him in a bar where Sands saves someone's life with an emergency procedure to inflate a collapsed lung. Blossom hires Sands as his personal physician, patching up his accomplices when they cannot go to a hospital, and tending to the crime boss and his girlfriend, Claire. In the final act of the film, Claire and Sands become involved, and he must face up to conflicting loyalties to Blossom, Claire, and the FBI agent who has blackmailed him into being an informant.
337	House of Yes, The (1997)	Comedy, Drama, Thriller	On Thanksgiving in 1983, Marty Pascal travels from New York City to McLean, Virginia, to visit his family: mother Mrs. Pascal, younger brother Anthony, and twin sister "Jackie-O". Jackie-O, recently released from a psychiatric hospital, is obsessed with Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and often dresses as her in the pink suit she wore when John F. Kennedy was assassinated. Marty surprises his family with news he is engaged; he introduces his fiancée Lesly, a waitress at a doughnut store. Lesly's arrival disrupts the family's gathering, and Jackie-O conspires to break the couple up.It soon becomes apparent that Marty and Jackie-O started an incestuous relationship as teenagers. Jackie-O convinces Marty to play their favorite childhood "game", involving using a gun loaded with blanks to re-enact the Kennedy assassination; she created the "game" as foreplay when he hesitated before the first time they had sex. A horrified Lesly witnesses the encounter and is comforted by Anthony, who had already told her of Marty and Jackie's incestuous relationship. He convinces Lesly that he is a virgin, leading to a brief and awkward sexual encounter. Lesly ultimately rejects Anthony, who reveals that Jackie once shot Marty because she did not want him to leave for New York. Shortly afterward, Mrs. Pascal orders Lesly to return alone to New York in the morning, threatening to tell Marty about her affair with Anthony.In the morning, upon seeing the gun next to the twins, Mrs. Pascal demands that Marty hide it. Lesly confronts Marty about what she witnessed. Marty breaks down and begs Lesly to return to New York with him. Jackie-O convinces Marty that she will let him leave if he agrees to play the game one final time. She finds the gun, then recalls the events that led to their absent father's departure; Marty claims that he walked out on the family the day of the Kennedy assassination, but Jackie-O believes that he was shot by Mrs. Pascal and buried in the backyard. Jackie-O fires the gun at Marty, now loaded with real bullets, killing him. Footage of Jackie Kennedy is then shown as Lesly screams. Lesly runs from the house and a flashback shows Jackie-O in her costume as a teenager, being filmed by Marty as she asks him to "stop it", then gives him a coy smile.
338	Bean (1997)	Comedy	Mr. Bean is a well-meaning yet clumsy and destructive security guard at the National Gallery in London. After the gallery's sentimental chairman prevents the board of directors, who despise Bean for his laziness, from firing him, the board instead opts to send Bean on a three-month sabbatical to serve as their representative at an unveiling ceremony of the painting Whistler's Mother, which has been purchased by the Grierson Art Gallery in Los Angeles from the Musée d'Orsay.The Grierson Gallery's curator, David Langley, impressed with the false identity of "Dr. Bean", offers to accommodate Bean in his home for two months against his family's wishes. After Bean gets arrested for causing a panic at the airport when he pretends to draw a gun and accidentally destroys the family's prized possessions, David's wife, Alison, leaves for her mother's house along with their children, Kevin and Jennifer. David begins to question Bean's status as an art expert following a visit to Pacific Park, where Bean is arrested again, this time for tampering with a simulator ride to make it more exciting for him. After Bean accidentally ruins a dinner with Mr. Grierson and his wife later that night, David discovers Bean does not hold a doctorate and knows nothing about art.When Whistler's Mother is delivered to the gallery, Bean is left alone in the exhibition room, where he accidentally sneezes on the painting, then stains it with an ink-soaked handkerchief while wiping away his sneeze droplets. He then cleans it with lacquer thinner, causing the figure's face to dissolve and prompting him to replace it with a cartoon face. Fearing the loss of his job and potential criminal charges over the damage, David becomes despondent and gets drunk with Bean, though his family returns out of pity. Later that night, determined to save David's career, Bean breaks into the gallery, where he incapacitates the security guard with laxatives and replaces the damaged Whistler's Mother with a life-sized poster coated in egg whites and nail varnish to resemble the real one, which successfully fools everyone at the ceremony the next day. Bean then gives an improvised and sentimental speech about the painting based on his time with David, winning the crowd's approval.Lieutenant Brutus (the same officer who arrested Bean for the airport and Pacific Park incidents) arrives and informs David that Jennifer has just been severely injured in a motorcycle accident with her boyfriend, prompting David and Bean to rush to the hospital. Bean is mistaken for a medical doctor and forced into an operating room, where he encounters Brutus, who had been shot while dealing with a mugging on the way to the hospital and inadvertently saves his life by removing the bullet from his body with only his hand. David then begs Bean, unaware of his true identity, to wake Jennifer up from her unconscious state, which he succeeds in after an accident with a defibrillator sends him flying and landing on top of her. Grateful for having their daughter back and wondering how to repay their doctor, David and Alison are surprised when Bean unmasks himself. At Bean's suggestion, they allow him to stay with them for one more week.After spending quality time together with the Langleys, Bean and David head back to the airport for the former's flight home, where Bean thanks David for everything before he departs. At home, Bean decorates his bedroom with photographs of his time in Los Angeles, as well as the original Whistler's Mother painting he smuggled back with him.
339	Mad City (1997)	Action, Drama	After being sacked from his job at a museum, former security guard Sam Baily returns to the place with a shotgun and dynamite and takes his former boss Mrs. Banks and a number of children (at the museum on a school field trip) as hostages. Local television journalist Max Brackett is in the museum using the restroom after an interview with the curator about financial difficulties. He becomes directly involved in the hostage situation, acting as Baily's intermediary to the outside world and the police.Baily accidentally shoots a friend of his, Cliff, who's still working there as a security guard, sending him to the hospital. He later fires the weapon again, frightening the children and becoming increasingly unstable as he takes caffeine pills to stay awake. Along with the young intern coworker Laurie among the growing media circus outside, Brackett reports the inside story exclusively on television, reviving his career. By being free to come and go, he negotiates with a national network and its star news anchorman, Kevin Hollander, with whom Brackett has an unhappy history.Baily wants the police to let him return home to his wife and kids, refusing to accept that he's going to jail. Brackett, on the other hand, makes a deal rather than let Hollander have the story, prompting Hollander to publicly accuse Brackett of prolonging the crisis and endangering the children. Laurie then betrays Brackett, proving that, like him, she's willing to do whatever it takes to further her own career.When his friend Cliff dies, Baily starts to realize he's lost everything. Baily and Brackett allow the situation to worsen until the police finally have had enough, issuing a five-minute ultimatum to Baily for release of the hostages. Baily lets the children and Mrs. Banks go. He also sends out Brackett to try to convince the police to put down their guns so he could personally usher out Baily. But rather than face prison and his wife Baily locks the museum doors on Brackett, who's outside trying to get the police to listen.Brackett tries to get him to come out, but Baily ignores him. Brackett is unaware that Baily has decided to set off his explosives, committing suicide. The blast knocks Brackett off his feet and into the parking lot, sending debris everywhere. As reporters surround Brackett to ask about Baily, all he can say is, "We killed him," referring to how the media handled the situation.
340	Boogie Nights (1997)	Drama	In 1977, high-school dropout Eddie Adams is living with his father and emotionally and physically abusive mother in Torrance, California. He works at a Reseda nightclub owned by Maurice Rodriguez, where he meets porn filmmaker Jack Horner. Interested in bringing Eddie into porn, Jack auditions the latter by watching him have sex with Rollergirl, a porn starlet who always wears roller skates.After a fight with his alcoholic mother, Eddie moves in with Jack at his San Fernando Valley home. He gives himself the screen name "Dirk Diggler" and becomes a star because of his good looks, youthful charisma, and abnormally large penis. His success allows him to buy a new house, an extensive wardrobe, and a "competition orange" 1977 Chevrolet Corvette. With his friend and co-star Reed Rothchild, Dirk pitches a series of successful action-themed porn films. He works and socializes with others from the porn industry, and they live carefree lifestyles in the late 1970s disco era. While attending a New Year's Eve party at Horner's house on December 31, 1979, assistant director Little Bill Thompson discovers his adulterous wife having sex with another man. Bill, tired of being repeatedly cheated on, shoots the pair dead and commits suicide.Dirk and Reed begin using cocaine on a regular basis. Due to his drug use, Dirk finds it increasingly difficult to achieve an erection, falls into violent mood swings, and becomes irritated with Johnny Doe, a rival leading man Jack has recently recruited, who Dirk worries will replace him. In 1983, after arguing with Jack, Dirk is fired and takes off with Reed to start a music career along with Scotty, a boom operator who is in love with Dirk. Jack rejects business overtures from Floyd Gondolli, a local theater magnate who insists on cutting costs by shooting on videotape rather than film stock, because Jack believes that video will diminish the quality of his films.After his friend and financier, Colonel James, is incarcerated for possession of child pornography, Jack cooperates with Gondolli but becomes disillusioned with the work he is expected to churn out. One of these projects involves Jack and Rollergirl riding in a limousine, searching for random men for her to have sex with while being taped by a crew. One man recognizes Rollergirl as a former high-school classmate, and after a failed attempt at intercourse, he insults her and Jack. Both Jack and Rollergirl attack the man, leaving him bloodied on the sidewalk.Leading lady Amber Waves lands in a custody battle with her ex-husband. The court determines that she is an unfit mother due to her involvement in the porn industry, criminal record, and cocaine addiction. Buck Swope marries fellow porn star Jessie St. Vincent, who becomes pregnant. Because of his past as a pornographer, Buck is disqualified from a bank loan and cannot open his own stereo equipment store. That night, he finds himself in the middle of a holdup at a donut shop in which the clerk, the robber, and an armed customer are killed. Buck is the sole survivor and escapes with the money.Having spent most of their money on drugs, Dirk and Reed are unable to pay a recording studio for demo tapes they believe will enable them to become music stars. Desperate for money, Dirk resorts to prostitution but he is assaulted and robbed by three men. Dirk, Reed, and their friend Todd Parker attempt to scam local drug dealer Rahad Jackson at his estate by selling him a half-kilo of baking soda disguised as cocaine. Dirk and Reed intend to leave quickly before Rahad's bodyguard inspects it, but a drugged-up and armed Todd attempts to steal more money, as well as some more drugs, from Rahad. In the ensuing gunfight, Todd kills Rahad's bodyguard and is killed by Rahad, while Dirk and Reed narrowly escape. Dirk returns to Jack's home and they reconcile.In 1984, Amber shoots the television commercial for the opening of Buck's store, Rollergirl takes a GED class, Maurice opens a nightclub with his brothers, Reed performs magic acts at a strip club, and Jessie gives birth to her and Buck's son. Dirk, Jack, and Amber prepare to start filming again.
341	Critical Care (1997)	Comedy	Critical Care is a 1997 American comedy film directed by Sidney Lumet. The film is a satire about American medicine. The screenplay by Steven Schwartz is based on the novel of the same name by Richard Dooling and stars James Spader, Kyra Sedgwick, Anne Bancroft, Helen Mirren, Jeffrey Wright, and Albert Brooks. Rick Baker provided special makeup effects. The film is about a doctor who finds himself involved in a fight with two half sisters over the care of their ailing father.
342	Man Who Knew Too Little, The (1997)	Comedy, Mystery	Wallace Ritchie flies from Des Moines, Iowa, to London, United Kingdom, to spend his birthday with his brother, James. James is not expecting the visit and is hosting a business dinner that night. To keep Wallace entertained, he sets him up with an interactive improv theatre business, the "Theatre of Life", which promises to treat the participant as a character in a crime drama. Before the night begins, James hands Wallace a pair of Ambassador cigars, promising to "fire them up" before midnight in celebration of Wallace's birthday. Wallace answers a phone call intended for a hitman at the same payphone that the Theatre of Life uses for its act.The contact, Sir Roger Daggenhurst, mistakes Wallace for Spencer, the hitman he has hired, and Wallace assumes the identity. The real Spencer picks up the phone call meant for Wallace and murders one of the actors, prompting a police investigation. Daggenhurst, his assistant Hawkins, British Defense Minister Gilbert Embleton, and Russian intelligence agent Sergei plan to detonate an explosive device (hidden in a Matryoshka doll) during a dinner between British and Russian dignitaries, in order to rekindle the Cold War and replace their aging technology.Still believing he's acting with the Theatre of Life, Wallace meets Lori, Embleton's call girl. Lori plans to blackmail Embleton for a substantial amount of money using letters that detail the plot; Spencer was hired to eliminate her and destroy the letters. Wallace scares off Embleton when he arrives to look for the letters and drives off Spencer. Fearing their plot will be revealed, Daggenhurst hires two more hitmen, while Sergei hires now-inactive spy Boris "The Butcher" Blavasky to eliminate "Spencer". Boris succeeds in killing the real Spencer, but Wallace and Lori return, retrieving the letters.Using Spencer's communicator, Wallace mentions lighting up some, "big Ambassadors, at 11:59," referring to James' cigars. Thinking the words refer to the assassination plot, both sides believe he is an American spy who has caught on to their scheme. Daggenhurst offers Wallace and Lori three million British pounds in return for the letters, to be exchanged at the same hotel where the dinner is taking place; this is a ruse to capture and kill them both. All the while Wallace gets close to his "co-star" Lori, who admits she would love to study acting once they are paid.Wallace contacts James and tells him to meet him at the hotel. Soon after, James sees an evening news report that Wallace has murdered an actor and the police are searching for him, prompting James to abandon the business dinner. Wallace and Lori are caught and held captive. Boris opts for torture by Dr. Ludmilla Kropotkin, but Wallace and Lori separate and escape before she arrives. James is captured and sent to be tortured by Dr. Kropotkin. Wallace evades the hitmen and finds himself part of a group of Russian folk dancers performing for the ambassadors. During the routine, he sees the Matryoshka doll bomb, unwittingly disarms it seconds before it goes off, blocks a poison dart from Boris with it, and steals the show with his improvised dancing.Realizing their plot has failed when the bomb fails to go off, Sergei and Daggenhurst bring out two bags containing the promised £3 million for Wallace and Lori and release James, who is exhausted but otherwise fine after his torture session. Boris congratulates Wallace for his impressive covert skills and gives him a souvenir pistol, telling Wallace he will continue his butcher shop business. Sergei and Daggenhurst attempt to escape with half the money and discover Wallace's doll, which they believe is only a normal one he picked out for himself. They are proven wrong when they realign the doll, reactivating the bomb and blowing them up, just as Wallace and Lori share a kiss.Some time later, on an exotic beach with Lori, Wallace unwittingly incapacitates a spy, passing a test by an unknown American espionage group. Believing he is capable of being a top agent, they offer him a position on "the team". Thinking that they wish to make him a theatrical star, Wallace accepts their offer.
343	Alien: Resurrection (1997)	Action, Horror, Sci-Fi	200 years after Ellen Ripley's death, military scientists aboard the space vessel USM Auriga create a clone of her, designated Ripley 8, using DNA from blood samples taken from Fiorina "Fury" 161. The Xenomorph queen's DNA has been combined with Ripley's, resulting in the clone growing up with an embryo inside it. The scientists extract the embryo, raise it, and collect its eggs while keeping Ripley 8 alive for further study. As a result of the Xenomorph queen's DNA, the clone possesses enhanced strength and reflexes, acidic blood, and a psychic link with the Xenomorphs, making her more empathetic toward them than the humans she encounters. Additionally, the Xenomorph's genetic memory allows the clone to retain some of Ripley's memories.A group of mercenaries—Elgyn, Johner, Christie, Vriess, Hillard, and Call—arrives at the Auriga on their ship, the Betty, delivering several abducted humans in stasis. The military scientists use the humans as hosts for the aliens, raising several adult Xenomorphs for study.The Betty crew soon encounters Ripley 8. Annalee Call recognizes her name and attempts to kill her, suspecting that Ripley 8 may be used to create Xenomorphs, but the creatures have already been cloned. The mature Xenomorphs escape confinement by killing one of their own and using its acidic blood to burn through their enclosures. They capture Dr. Jonathan Gediman, damage the Auriga, and kill most of the crew who fail to evacuate, including General Perez and Elgyn. Military scientist Dr. Wren reveals that the ship's default command in an emergency is to return to Earth. Realizing this would unleash the Xenomorphs on Earth, Ripley 8, the mercenaries, Wren, a soldier named DiStephano, and surviving Xenomorph host Purvis decide to head for the Betty and use it to destroy the Auriga. Along the way, Ripley 8 discovers a laboratory containing the grotesque results of the previous seven failed attempts to clone Ellen Ripley. One survivor begs Ripley 8 to euthanize her; she hesitantly complies and then incinerates the lab.As the group navigates the damaged ship, they swim through a flooded kitchen, pursued by two Xenomorphs. One is killed, while the other snatches Hillard. As they escape the kitchen, the Xenomorph returns and blinds Christie, who sacrifices himself to kill the creature. Wren betrays the group and shoots Call, revealing in her survival that she is a synthetic. Call confesses that she is one of Weyland's legendary second generation synthetics who were so lifelike that they gained consciousness and rebelled, burning their internal wireless modems and trying to pass themselves off as a human. Knowing what androids can do, Ripley takes Call to a small chapel and makes her connect herself to the station’s computer. Using her ability to interface with the Auriga's systems, Call sets the ship on a collision course with Earth, hoping to destroy the Xenomorphs in the crash. She cuts off Wren's escape route and directs the Xenomorphs toward him. Ripley 8 is captured by a Xenomorph while the others head for the Betty. Wren, already aboard, shoots Purvis, takes Call hostage, and demands that she abort the collision. An injured Purvis attacks and grapples Wren, causing his Xenomorph embryo's emergence to kill them both. The survivors shoot and kill the juvenile Xenomorph.Ripley 8 is taken to the Xenomorph nest, where she finds Gediman alive and partially cocooned. The Xenomorph queen, having developed a uterus due to her genetic contamination with Ripley 8, gives birth to a Xenomorph with overtly human traits. Unable to bond with the queen, the hybrid Xenomorph recognizes Ripley 8 as its mother and kills the Xenomorph queen and Gediman. Ripley 8 takes advantage of the distraction to escape and makes her way to the Betty.The newborn hybrid reaches the ship and attacks Call, killing DiStephano when he tries to help her. Ripley 8 saves Call by distracting the hybrid. Using her acidic blood, Ripley 8 melts a hole in a window and pushes the hybrid towards it. Ripley 8 tearfully watches as the decompression violently eviscerates the creature through the hole and blows its pulverized remains out into space.The countdown on the Auriga continues as Ripley 8, Call, Johner, and Vriess escape in the Betty. The Auriga collides with Earth, causing a large explosion. As they look down at Earth, Call asks what Ripley 8 wants to do next. "I don't know. I'm a stranger here myself," she replies.
344	Apostle, The (1997)	Drama	Euliss F. "Sonny" Dewey is a charismatic Pentecostal preacher. His wife Jessie has begun an adulterous relationship with a youth minister named Horace. She refuses Sonny's desire to reconcile, although she assures him that she will not interfere with his right to see his children. She has also conspired to use their church's bylaws to have him removed from power. Sonny asks God what to do but receives no answer. Much of the congregation sides with Jessie in this dispute. Sonny, however, refuses to start a new church, insisting that the one which forced him out was "his" church. At his children's Bible-camp softball game, Sonny, in an emotional and drunken fit, attacks Horace with a bat and puts him into a coma; Horace later dies.A fleeing Sonny ditches his car in a river and gets rid of all identifying information. After destroying all evidence of his past, Sonny rebaptizes himself and anoints himself as "The Apostle E. F." He leaves Texas and ends up in the bayous of Louisiana, where he persuades a retired minister named Blackwell to help him start a new church. He works various odd jobs and uses the money to build the church, and to buy time to preach on a local radio station. Sonny also begins dating the station's receptionist.With Sonny's energy and charisma, the church soon has a faithful and racially integrated flock. Sonny even succeeds in converting a racist construction worker who shows up at a church picnic intent on destruction. While at work in a local diner, Sonny sees his new girlfriend out in public with her husband and children, apparently reconciled. Sonny walks out, vowing never to return there.Jessie hears a radio broadcast of the Apostle E. F. and calls the police on Sonny. The police show up in the middle of an evening service but allow Sonny to finish it while they wait outside. In the poignant finale, Sonny delivers an impassioned sermon before telling his flock that he has to go. In the final scene, Sonny, now part of a chain gang, preaches to the inmates as they work along the side of a highway.
345	Deconstructing Harry (1997)	Comedy, Drama	One night, Lucy takes a taxi to the home of famous Manhattan author Harry Block. She has just read Harry's latest novel, where the character Leslie is having an affair with her sister's husband Ken. Lucy is angry because the novel is patently based on her and Harry's own affair; as a result, everyone knows about it. Lucy pulls a gun from her purse, threatening to kill herself. She turns the gun on Harry and begins firing. As she chases him onto the roof, he insists that he has already been punished: his latest girlfriend Fay has left him for his best friend Larry. To distract Lucy, Harry tells her a story that he is currently writing: a semi-autobiographical story of a sex-obsessed young man named Harvey who is mistakenly claimed by Death during an encounter with a prostitute.In therapy, Harry realizes that he has not changed since his sex-obsessed youth. He discusses his honoring ceremony at his old university in upstate New York, taking place the next day; he is particularly unhappy that he has nobody with whom to share the occasion. After the session, Harry asks his ex-wife and former therapist Joan if he can take their son Hilliard to the ceremony. She refuses, stating that Harry is a bad influence on Hilliard. She is also furious at Harry for the novel he wrote. In it, the character Epstein marries his therapist Helen, but the marriage begins to crumble after the birth of their son.Harry runs into an acquaintance, Richard, who is worried about his health. After accompanying Richard to the hospital, Harry invites him to the university ceremony; Richard claims he will be busy that day. Harry meets with his ex-girlfriend Fay, who reveals that she is now engaged. Harry begs Fay to get back together with him. He asks Fay to accompany him to his ceremony, but it clashes with her wedding, scheduled the following day.That night, Harry sleeps with a prostitute, Cookie, who agrees to accompany him to his ceremony. In the morning, Richard unexpectedly arrives to join Harry and Cookie on the trip. On a whim, Harry decides to "kidnap" his son Hilliard. Along the way, they stop at a carnival, then at Harry's half-sister Doris's. Doris, a devoted Jew, is upset by Harry's portrayals of Judaism in his stories, as is her husband. During the trip, Harry encounters his fictional creations Ken and Helen, who force him to confront some painful truths about his life. Before arriving at the university, Richard dies peacefully in the car.While filming, Harry's fictional alter ego Mel literally slides out of focus, becoming blurred. The university's staffers gush over Harry, asking what he plans to write next. He describes a story about a man (based on himself) who journeys to Hell to reclaim his true love (based on Fay) from the Devil (based on Larry). Harry and the Devil engage in a verbal duel regarding who is truly the more evil of the two. Harry argues that he is a kidnapper, but the story is interrupted by the arrival of the police. Harry is arrested for kidnapping Hilliard, for possessing a gun (it was Lucy's), and for having drugs in the car (belonging to Cookie).Larry and Fay come from their wedding to bail out Harry from jail. Harry reluctantly gives them his blessings. At his apartment, a miserable Harry fantasizes that the university's ceremony is taking place. He eventually overcomes his writer's block by starting to write a book about a man who, like him, can function only in art, not in life.
346	Jackie Brown (1997)	Crime, Drama	Jackie Brown, a flight attendant, smuggles money from Mexico into the United States for Ordell Robbie, a gun runner in Los Angeles. When Ordell's bagman, Beaumont Livingston, is arrested, Ordell hires bail bondsman Max Cherry to bail him out. He then lures Beaumont into the trunk of a car and murders him.Acting on information Beaumont had already given them, ATF agent Ray Nicolette and LAPD detective Mark Dargus intercept Jackie with Ordell's cash and a bag of cocaine. After Jackie is sent to jail, Ordell has Max pay her bail. Ordell arrives at Jackie's apartment, but she pulls out a gun she stole from Max's glovebox. She negotiates a deal with Ordell: she will pretend to help the authorities while smuggling in the remaining $550,000 of Ordell's money.Ordell replaces Beaumont with Louis Gara, a criminal associate and former cellmate who has just been released from prison. Melanie Ralston, one of Ordell's mistresses, asks Louis to betray Ordell and take the money for themselves. Louis tells Ordell, but Ordell replies that he is not concerned about her, given that he knows that she is not to be trusted.Unaware of the plan to smuggle in $550,000, Nicolette and Dargus devise a sting to catch Ordell during a transfer of $50,000. Jackie plans to keep the $500,000 for herself. She recruits Max, offering him a cut. During a test run, Jackie smuggles in $10,000, with Nicolette and Dargus aware, to swap with Sheronda, one of Ordell's girlfriends, at a shopping mall. After Jackie leaves, Max observes an unknown woman swap bags with Sheronda. He informs Jackie and she confronts Ordell, who reveals that he sent Simone Hawkins, another mule, to secure his money as a backup.On the day of the transfer, Ordell discovers that Simone has left town with the $10,000. He reluctantly recruits Melanie to perform the swap instead. Jackie enters a dressing room in a department store to try on a suit. Although she has told Nicolette that the exchange will take place in the food court, she has told Ordell that she will swap bags in the dressing room. However, the bag contains only $40,000; Jackie leaves the rest in the dressing room for Max. Jackie takes $10,000 and places it on top of the bag that she gives to Melanie. Jackie runs to the food court and finds Nicolette, claiming that Melanie burst into the dressing room and stole the money.During the exchange, Melanie is uncooperative. In the parking lot, after making fun of Louis for forgetting where they parked, Louis fatally shoots her. Louis tells Ordell, who discovers that most of the money is missing. When Louis recalls seeing Max at the shopping mall, an enraged Ordell kills Louis.Ordell instructs Max to tell Jackie that Ordell will kill them if she does not return the money, and that if she goes to the police, he will name her as an accessory. Max goes to Ordell's house, and tells him that Jackie, frightened, is waiting in Max's office with the money. Ordell holds Max at gunpoint as they enter his office. Jackie yells that Ordell has a gun. Nicolette, Dargus and Cherry's business partner Winston, who provided Max with Ordell's location, hiding in the back, ambush him and shoot him dead. The charges against Jackie are dropped, and she plans a trip to Madrid. Max declines an invitation to join her. They kiss goodbye and he watches her drive away.
347	Wag the Dog (1997)	Comedy, Drama	The President of the United States is caught making advances on an underage girl inside the Oval Office less than two weeks before the election. Conrad Brean, a top spin doctor, is brought in by presidential aide Winifred Ames to take the public's attention away from the scandal. He decides to construct a fictional war in Albania, hoping that the media will concentrate on this instead. Brean contacts Hollywood producer Stanley Motss to create the war, complete with a theme song and fake film footage of a fleeing orphan to arouse sympathy. The hoax is initially successful, with the president quickly gaining ground in the polls.When the CIA learns of the plot, it sends Agent Young to confront Brean about the hoax. Brean convinces Young that revealing the deception is against his and the CIA's best interests. But when the CIA—in collusion with the president's rival candidate—reports that the war has ended, the media begins to revert its focus to the president's sexual misconduct scandal. To counter this, Motss invents a hero who was left behind enemy lines in Albania.Inspired by the idea that he was "discarded like an old shoe", Brean and Motss ask the Pentagon to provide a special forces soldier with a matching name (a sergeant named "Schumann" is identified), around whom a POW narrative can be constructed. As part of the hoax, folk singer Johnny Dean records a song called "Old Shoe", which is pressed onto a 78-rpm record, prematurely aged so that listeners will think that it was recorded years earlier and sent to the Library of Congress to be "found". Bream and Motss fling pairs of old shoes into a tree outside of the White House grounds. Soon, large numbers of shoes begin appearing on phone and power lines, and a grassroots movement to bring home Schumann takes hold, completing a successful astroturfing.When the team goes to retrieve Schumann, they discover that he is actually a criminally insane Army convict. On the return to Andrews Air Force Base, their plane crashes. The team survives and is rescued by a farmer, an illegal alien. However, Schumann is killed when he attempts to rape a gas station owner's daughter. Seizing the opportunity, Motss stages an elaborate military funeral for Schumann, claiming that he died from wounds sustained during his rescue, and the farmer receives expedited citizenship for a better story.As the President rallies toward re-election, Motss becomes frustrated that the media are crediting his upsurge in the polls to the bland campaign slogan, "Don't change horses in mid-stream", rather than to Motss's hard work. Despite Brean's offer of an ambassadorship and the dire warning that he is "playing with his life", Motss demands that he receive credit for his production, and he threatens to reveal his involvement unless he gets it. Realizing that he has no choice, Brean orders his security staff to kill him. A newscast reports that Motss has died of a heart attack at home, the president has been successfully re-elected, and an Albanian terrorist organization has claimed responsibility for a recent bombing, suggesting that the fake war is becoming real.
348	Desperate Measures (1998)	Crime, Drama, Thriller	San Francisco police officer and widowed father Frank Conner is in a frantic search for a compatible bone marrow donor for his leukemia-stricken son, Matt. In desperation, he breaks into FBI headquarters and finds a perfect match. Unfortunately, it is Peter McCabe, a sociopath who is serving life in prison for several murders. During his time in prison, the brutal, cunning McCabe has attempted escape and killed several guards and fellow prisoners and must be kept in multiple restraints when outside of the supermax unit at Pelican Bay State Prison.McCabe initially shows little interest in helping Conner, but later finds an opportunity to turn the situation to his advantage and devises a plot to escape. Biding his time, he plays chess against a computer, easily defeating the program, and expresses the need for a challenge akin to Garry Kasparov or Deep Blue. Meanwhile, Conner, along with police captain Cassidy and Matt's physician, Dr. Hawkins, prepare for McCabe to be transferred to the hospital for the organ transplant.At the hospital, McCabe is given a sedative. With the aid of a counteracting drug he had obtained from a fellow inmate, McCabe slips out of his restraints, attacks the guards and surgeons and attempts to escape. Conner and a fellow officer corner him, but McCabe holds a scalpel to Hawkins' throat, prompting Conner to drop his gun. The other officer gets the drop on McCabe, but Hawkins warns the police that if he dies, his bone marrow becomes useless. Conner stands in the way of the other officer; McCabe takes his gun and shoots the officer.After hearing what happened, Cassidy immediately orders Conner removed from the scene. Conner breaks free to search the hospital for McCabe on his own. McCabe causes an explosion with propane tanks, seizes control of the hospital's adjacent wing, holds guards hostage and orders a lockdown of the building.Conner and Hawkins make their way to McCabe and convince him to let them inside so that Hawkins can attend to Matt. As McCabe watches Conner on the security cameras, he realizes that his nemesis is a truly devoted father and develops a grudging respect for him. Conner intervenes when McCabe is about to ambush Cassidy and his SWAT team with a set of tanks of cyclopropane. Cassidy is furious that Conner continues to aid an escaped convict, while McCabe is angry that Conner foiled his plan. He kidnaps Matt and descends to the sub-levels of the building.Matt tries to wound McCabe to give Conner a better chance; impressed, McCabe spares Matt and leaves him at the hospital for Conner to find. McCabe then escapes into the city, where he steals a car. Conner chases McCabe to a bridge, still needing him captured alive. Cassidy and his men arrive in a helicopter and a sniper opens fire. Conner again shields McCabe and is wounded in the arm. McCabe attempts to flee, but Conner is determined not to let him go. Conner wounds McCabe, sending him off the bridge and into the bay. Conner then dives in and saves him.Back in the hospital, a wounded McCabe agrees to the transplant, which saves Matt's life. Even though his career is over, Conner is overjoyed that Matt will live. McCabe is informed by a guard that the surgery went well. As the bed reclines upwards and McCabe looks at the guard menacingly, the guard suddenly realizes that his gun is missing. McCabe holds it over the guard and asks, "What kind of car do you have?"
349	Hard Rain (1998)	Action, Thriller	During a heavy rainstorm, Tom and his uncle Charlie, two armored truck drivers, are collecting money from banks in the town of Huntingburg, Indiana, which has been evacuated due to flooding. They are ambushed by Jim and his gang of armed robbers, Kenny, Mr. Mehlor, and Ray. Charlie calls the National Guard and is shot dead by Kenny as Tom escapes and hides the cash in a cemetery.The gang chases Tom, who takes refuge in a nearby church. There he is mistaken for a looter by Karen who knocks him out. Tom wakes up in a cell and tells Sheriff Mike Collig about the gang and the money. Mike and Chief Deputy Wayne Bryce leave him locked up and investigate, whilst Deputy Phil is ordered to take Karen out of town. Karen pushes Phil out of the boat to return to protect the church, which she is restoring.The town's dam operator Hank is forced to open a spillway, causing a large wave and deeper flooding. Tom is trapped in his cell as the water rises. After protecting the church, Karen rescues him and they hide from the gang. Kenny is electrocuted. They enter a house and are mistaken for looters by the elderly residents Doreen and Henry Sears, who have refused to evacuate and are protecting their property. Henry is persuaded to give Tom their boat to return to the armored truck. Resurfacing from the submerged truck, he finds the gang holding the elderly couple hostage. Tom says he will tell them where the money is.Jim reveals to Tom that the latter's uncle Charlie was in cahoots with the gang, and did not actually call the National Guard; he was only killed because Kenny was not told Charlie was on their side. Tom finds the money has disappeared. They are ambushed by Mike and his deputies plus Hank, who have found Karen and intend to keep the money for themselves.Mr. Mehlor and Ray are killed in the shootout, and Jim and Tom escape and hide in the church. Wayne takes Karen to her house intending to rape her. The others firebomb the church and drive their boats through the stained glass windows. Karen stabs and kills Wayne. Hank shoots Phil for not shooting Tom when he had the chance.The dam overtop alarm sounds. Mike suggests Tom and Jim should let Hank and him go with a couple of the bags of money. Tom agrees, but Jim does not. Tom leaves to try to save Karen, before Mike shoots Jim with a revolver he was hiding, although Jim isn't badly hurt. Mike and Hank escape in a boat; Hank is then pushed out by the sheriff and is killed in a gas explosion.Tom finds Karen handcuffed to a banister. He frees her and they climb to the roof to avoid the water where they are caught by Mike. Jim comes from behind them in a boat. Mike shoots at him, disabling the steering, forcing him to go over the roof. As he does so, the engine breaks off and collides with the sheriff, knocking him into the water. Mike tries to shoot Karen as he grabs a bag of money, but Tom and Jim shoot the corrupt sheriff dead. Tom tells Jim he should leave, just as the Indiana State Police arrive. Jim picks up Mike's bag of money and rows away, as Tom tells Karen the fire damage to her church was not too bad and can be repaired.
350	Fallen (1998)	Action, Mystery, Thriller	Philadelphia Police Detective John Hobbes visits serial killer Edgar Reese, whom he helped capture, on death row as Reese is about to be executed. Reese is in high spirits and, during conversation, grabs Hobbes' hand and delivers a spiteful monologue in an unknown language, assumed to be gibberish but later identified as Syrian Aramaic. As he is executed, Reese mocks the spectators and sings "Time Is on My Side", popularized by The Rolling Stones.Hobbes and his partner Jonesy investigate a string of new murders reminiscent of Reese's style, which they assume is by a copycat killer. Following hints given by Reese and the copycat killer, Hobbes tracks down a woman named Gretta Milano. Gretta explains that her father, a former detective, killed himself in an isolated cabin after being accused of a series of occult murders similar to the ones Hobbes and Jonesy are investigating. Hobbes visits the Milano family's abandoned lake-house. In the basement he finds several unsettling books about demonic possession. He also discovers the name "Azazel" written on a wall, obscured under layers of paint and grime.Hobbes asks Gretta about the name, but she strongly urges him to drop the case to protect the lives of himself and his loved ones. She reconsiders after a terrifying encounter with Azazel, who confronts her in the guise of several strangers on the street and attempts to possess her. Seeking sanctuary in a church, Gretta explains to Hobbes that Azazel is a fallen angel who can possess human beings by touch. Hobbes realizes that Azazel, while possessing Edgar Reese, shook his hand before the execution but was not able to possess him. Gretta explains that the demon will try to ruin his life and warns him of Azazel's inevitable victory. Azazel visits Hobbes at his precinct, possesses his friend Detective Lou, and taunts him. Azazel moves from person to person, singing "Time Is on My Side" after each transfer. Hobbes asks Lou and several others why they were singing the song, but they have no recollection. Hobbes runs outside and calls out to Azazel in Syrian Aramaic. The demon, now moving among people in the street, praises Hobbes for his cleverness. Hobbes says that he knows of Azazel's true identity; the demon threatens him and disappears.To provoke Hobbes, Azazel possesses his nephew Sam and attacks Hobbes' intellectually disabled brother Art in their home. Azazel again flees into other people on the street, ending up in a schoolteacher. As the teacher, Azazel draws a gun and forces Hobbes to shoot his host in front of a group of bystanders. Azazel boasts that if his current host is killed, he can transfer to another host in the surrounding area without needing to touch them.Lieutenant Stanton informs Hobbes that his fingerprints were found at one of the murder scenes, and in light of the bizarre circumstances of the shooting of the teacher, he has become a suspect for all the murders. Azazel inhabits several of the witnesses and gives false accounts that the shooting was unprovoked, throwing further suspicion on Hobbes. Azazel comes into Hobbes' home and murders his brother, while marking Sam. Hobbes takes his nephew to Gretta's house. Gretta explains that, if forced out of a host body, Azazel can only travel for as long as one breath can sustain him, after which he will die.Hobbes goes to the Milano cabin and calls Jonesy, knowing he will trace the call. Stanton and Jonesy arrive to arrest Hobbes; however, Jonesy kills Stanton, revealing himself to be possessed. Azazel prepares to shoot himself, which will allow him to possess Hobbes, the only other person for miles around. Hobbes wrestles Jonesy for his gun, and Jonesy is fatally wounded. Hobbes smokes cigarettes which he explains have been laced with the same poison Azazel used to kill Hobbes' brother, which will leave Azazel stranded in the wilderness without a host. Hobbes taunts him and kills Jonesy. Azazel possesses Hobbes, frantically attempts to flee, and succumbs to the poison.Azazel, in voiceover, mocks the audience for believing that he has lost, and a possessed cat emerges from beneath the cabin and heads back to civilization. The Rolling Stones' "Sympathy for the Devil" plays over the closing credits.
351	Prophecy II, The (1998)	Horror	Lucifer (Guri Weinberg) ejects Gabriel from Hell, claiming the War of Heaven isn't his to fight and Hell isn't big enough for both of them. Gabriel's new mission is to prevent the birth of a child, a nephilim, the offspring of an angel and a human. The coming of this child, said to precede reconciliation between the warring factions in heaven, has been prophesied by Thomas Daggett, now a monk. The child's conception takes place when Valerie, a nurse, is seduced by an attractive stranger (the angel Danyael) whom she hit with her car. She finds a few days later that she is pregnant.Gabriel attempts to find the whereabouts of the child from Daggett, but kills him when he refuses to help. When Danyael kills members of Gabriel's army of angels, Gabriel instead employs the assistance of a teenage girl (Izzy) who has just committed suicide with her boyfriend. Gabriel keeps her alive to help him in his search for Valerie (despite his powers as an angel, he is completely naive about technology, and is unable to drive a car or work a computer and has her use her computer skills to find her and drive him around).Gabriel's war against Danyael and the other angels climaxes in a battle in Eden, now an industrial wasteland. Danyael and Izzy are killed, but Valerie defeats Gabriel by seizing him and jumping from a building, confident that God will protect her as He told her He would (she reveals that Gabriel is unable to hear His voice as he simply does not listen); she is indeed unharmed, but Gabriel is impaled on a spike. As punishment, Gabriel is turned into a human by Michael. Valerie raises the child by herself, accepting the risk that the angels may come for her. The film ends with Gabriel as a derelict; a face in the sky and ominous clouds show that the war in Heaven is not over.
352	Spice World (1997)	Comedy, Musical	The Spice Girls perform their song "Too Much" on Top of the Pops, but are dissatisfied with the burdens of fame and fortune. Meanwhile, sinister newspaper owner Kevin McMaxford is trying to ruin the girls' reputation for his ratings. McMaxford dispatches photographer Damien to take pictures and tape recordings of the girls. Piers Cuthbertson-Smyth, with his camera crew, stalks the girls, hoping to use them as subjects for his next project. At the same time, the girls' manager, Clifford, is fending off two overeager Hollywood writers, Martin Barnfield and Graydon, who relentlessly pitch absurd plot ideas for the girls' feature film.Meanwhile, the girls must prepare for their live concert at the Royal Albert Hall in three days, which will be the biggest performance of their music career. At the heart of it, the constant rehearsals, travelling, publicity appearances, and other burdens of celebrity affect the girls on a personal level, preventing them from spending much time with their best friend Nicola, who is expecting her first child soon. Throughout the busy schedule, the girls try to ask Clifford for time off to relax and to spend with Nicola, but Clifford refuses after talking with the head of the girls' record label, the cryptic and eccentric "Chief", on his mobile phone. The stress and overwork compound, which culminate in the girls' huge argument with Clifford. The girls suddenly storm out on the evening before their gig at the Albert Hall.The girls separately think back on their humble beginnings and their struggle to the top. They reunite by chance outside the abandoned café where they practised during their adolescent years; they reconcile and decide to take Nicola out dancing. However, Nicola's contractions start at the nightclub and she is rushed to the hospital, where she gives birth to a healthy baby girl. When Emma notices that the delivery "doctor" has a camera, the girls realise that he is Damien, who flees with the girls in hot pursuit, only to hit his head after accidentally colliding with an empty stretcher. When Damien sees the girls standing over him, he tells them that they have made him realise he has "been living a meaningless lie", and he goes after McMaxford, who is subsequently fired in a "Jacuzzi scandal". After noticing that the girls' bus driver, Dennis, is missing, Victoria decides to take the wheel. It becomes a race against time as Victoria drives recklessly through the streets of London to the Albert Hall. While approaching Tower Bridge, the bridge starts being raised to let a boat through the River Thames. Victoria drives up the bridge and over the gap. The bus lands safely on the other side, but when Emma opens a trapdoor in the floor, she discovers a bomb, and the girls scream before Emma slams the trapdoor shut again.The girls finally arrive at the Albert Hall for their performance. However, the girls have one more obstacle to overcome: a London policeman charges them with "dangerous driving, criminal damage, flying a bus without a licence, and frightening the pigeons". Emma is pushed forward to explain to the policeman that she and the other girls were late for their performance at the Albert Hall. Emma smiles at the policeman, and he lets the girls off for their performance. The girls open their Albert Hall concert with their song "Spice Up Your Life", which is broadcast live on global television. The supporting cast later talk about the girls' film during its closing credits. Melanie C breaks the fourth wall and tells the other girls that the outgoing audience is watching them. The girls talk to the audience, commenting on "those two in the back row snogging" and on one's dress, and discuss their film, just minutes before the bomb on their bus explodes.
353	Deep Rising (1998)	Action, Horror, Sci-Fi	Captain John Finnegan and his crew, Joey and Leila, are hired by mercenaries Hanover, Mulligan, Mason, Billy, T-Ray, Mamooli, and Vivo to pilot their boat across the South China Sea to an undisclosed rendezvous point. Meanwhile, the Argonautica, a luxury cruise ship built and owned by Simon Canton, is undertaking its maiden voyage. Thief Trillian is discovered and taken to the brig. An unidentified saboteur disables the ship’s navigation and communication systems. Something rises from beneath and rams the vessel, leaving it dead in the water, and the passengers are slaughtered by unseen creatures.A speedboat that the “Argonautica” has shaken loose collides with Finnegan's boat. The mercenaries seize control with the intention of looting the passengers and vault of the Argonautica and then using the torpedoes stored on board to sink the ship. Leaving Leila and Billy behind to repair the boat, the group boards the ship. The group reaches the ballroom only to find blood and no sign of the passengers. Finnegan and Joey go to the ship's workshop to scavenge parts to repair the boat under Mamooli and T-Ray’s guard. While repairing their boat, Leila is dragged away by the creatures. The creatures kill T-Ray as he investigates the unusual noises. The creatures drag Mamooli away. Finnegan and Joey flee and encounter an escaped Trillian.The mercenaries reaches the vault, and Vivo opens it. However, Canton, who was hiding inside with Captain Atherton and three other passengers, mistakenly kills Vivo. Mason and Mulligan panic and accidentally kill the passengers. The mercenaries, Canton, & the Captain flee the creatures and subsequently encounter Finnegan, Joey, and Trillian.Canton is revealed as the saboteur, having hired the mercenaries to sink the unprofitable ship so that he could collect on the insurance. The creatures appear as Canton and Captain Atherton fight, releasing a partially digested Billy after Finnegan shoots it. After the creatures attack and eat Captain Atherton, Canton theorizes the creatures are an evolution of Ottoia, which drain their victims of their bodily fluids and then eject the bloody carcasses. As the survivors flee, Mason is grabbed by a creature. He kills himself by detonating a grenade. Mulligan elects to stay behind in the crew's galley until a rescue party can arrive. A creature approaches Mulligan, who scares it off with fire from the stove before being devoured from behind by another creature.In a running battle, the survivors find themselves being herded. Attempting to rid himself of any witnesses to his insurance scam, Canton misleads the others to the bow while he moves towards an exit route. The group finds the bow is a "feeding ground" full of bloody skeletal remains. The creatures break through the hull, flooding the lower decks and separating the survivors. Hanover wounds Joey to slow the creatures but is eventually devoured by one. As an act of mercy, Joey leaves Hanover a gun. However, Hanover wastes his only shot trying to kill Joey and is consumed.Finnegan and Trillian spot an island and return to Finnegan's boat, but—having lost the engine parts—find it useless as a means of escape. Joey returns and begins repairs, and Finnegan sets the boat's autopilot to crash into the Argonautica and detonate the torpedoes. Trillian returns to the Argonautica and locates a jet ski with the fuel they can use to reach the island, but Canton arrives armed with a flare gun. Canton demands Trillian to join him or hand over the keys, but she flees and he chases her. Finnegan pursues Canton to the ballroom on the main deck, saving Trillian. The creatures smash through the main deck and are revealed to be tentacles of a vast deep-sea monster—the Octalus—rather than individual entities. The Octalus grabs hold of Finnegan, who shoots it in the eye, blinding it and freeing himself, and he and Trillian escape on the jet ski. Canton flees the Argonautica by jumping onto Finnegan's boat, but breaks his leg doing so. Crippled, he cannot disable the autopilot and dies as the boat crashes into the Argonautica, detonating the torpedoes and destroying both ships and the Octalus.Finnegan and Trillian reach the island and reunite with Joey, who they thought had died. A roar then echoes from the jungle. The island turns out to have an active volcano in the distance as something big comes crashing through the trees towards the beach.
354	Wedding Singer, The (1998)	Comedy, Romance	Robbie Hart is a wedding singer in Ridgefield, New Jersey in 1985, whose own wedding to his fiancée Linda is approaching. He meets and befriends Julia Sullivan, a new waitress at the reception hall where he works. Robbie promises to sing at her wedding, but her fiancé, businessman and bond investor Glenn Gulia, has yet to set a date.On Robbie's wedding day, his sister Kate informs him as he waits at the altar that Linda has changed her mind about the wedding, leaving him humiliated and emotionally devastated. Later that day, Linda visits Robbie and reveals that she fell in love with him for his ambitions of being a rock star and hates the idea of being married to a wedding singer.Robbie sinks into depression, causing his friends and family to be concerned. His best friend Sammy convinces him to return to work, but Robbie gives a depressed performance that is panned. He decides to give up wedding gigs and reneges on his promise to sing for Julia when Glenn finally sets a date.However, Julia convinces him to help her with her wedding plans and their friendship blossoms. Julia's cousin, Holly, finds Robbie attractive and asks Julia for permission to date him. During a double date with Julia and Glenn, Robbie learns from Glenn that he cheats on Julia frequently and plans to continue after they are married.Julia and Robbie grow confused by their deepening feelings for each other. After Holly tells Robbie that Julia is marrying Glenn for his security, Robbie unsuccessfully pursues a job at a bank. Julia is dismayed at his materialism, and when he accuses her of the same, she becomes angry with him. Depressed again, he decides to follow Sammy's example of only having shallow relationships with women. Sammy confides that he is unhappy with his lifestyle, and encourages Robbie to tell Julia how he feels about her. Sammy says that he used to idolize men like the Fonz, but he doesn't want to be a 50-year-old man “hitting on chicks”. Meanwhile, Julia confides in her mother that she has fallen out of love with Glenn and has developed feelings for Robbie. Julia bursts into tears thinking about becoming "Mrs. Julia Gulia". Robbie arrives to declare his feelings, and sees her through her bedroom window in her wedding dress. Robbie doesn't know she is happily looking in the mirror pretending she has just married Robbie. Robbie assumes she is thinking of Glenn.Heartbroken, Robbie leaves to get drunk and finds Glenn in the midst of his bachelor party, arm-in-arm with another woman. After a heated exchange, Glenn punches Robbie and mocks him. Robbie stumbles home and finds Linda waiting for him. She wants to reconcile, but Robbie passes out.The following morning, Linda answers the door and introduces herself as Robbie’s fiancée to a crestfallen Julia. She runs to Glenn, who is sleeping off the events of the previous night, and tells him she wants to be married immediately. He half-heartedly offers to take her to Las Vegas.Robbie awakens hungover and rejects Linda's reconciliation, having realized how shallow she is during his time with Julia, and kicks her out. At the 50th wedding anniversary party of his neighbor Rosie, to whom he has been giving singing lessons, he realizes he wants to grow old with Julia. Rosie encourages him to pursue her. Holly arrives, informs him of Julia's encounter with Linda and tells him Julia is eloping with Glenn. Robbie rushes to the airport and gets a first class ticket to Las Vegas.After telling his story to his empathetic fellow passengers, which include Billy Idol, Robbie learns that Glenn and Julia are on the same flight. With the help of Billy and the flight crew, he sings over the loudspeaker a song he has written called "Grow Old with You", dedicated to Julia. Robbie enters the main cabin still singing and Glenn tries to assault him, only to be thwarted and trapped in a lavatory by the flight attendants, Billy, and a burly passenger.Robbie and Julia admit their love for each other, and share a kiss. Billy, impressed by Robbie's song, offers to tell his record company executives about him. Later, Robbie and Julia are married, and a band led by Robbie's friend David performs at their wedding.
355	Sphere (1998)	Adventure, Sci-Fi, Thriller	A spacecraft presumed to be of alien origin is discovered on the floor of the Pacific Ocean, estimated to have been there for nearly 300 years. A team of experts, including marine biologist Dr. Beth Halperin, mathematician Dr. Harry Adams, astrophysicist Dr. Ted Fielding, psychologist Dr. Norman Goodman, and U.S. Navy Captain Harold Barnes, is assembled and taken to the Habitat, a state-of-the-art underwater living environment located near the spacecraft.Examining the spacecraft, they are perplexed to learn it is not alien at all, but rather American in origin. However, its technology far surpasses any in the present day. The ship's computer logs cryptically suggest a mission that originated either in the distant past or future, but the team deduces that the long-dead crew was tasked with collecting an item of scientific importance.Norman and Beth discover the ship's logs, with the last entry noting an "unknown event". A holographic reenactment of the event reveals that hundreds of years in the future, the ship encountered a black hole, which apparently led to a crash landing in the ocean, back in the 1700s. Soon after, Norman and the others stumble on a large, yet perfect sphere hovering in the cargo bay. They cannot find any way to probe the inside of the sphere, as the fluid surface seems to be impenetrable. On observation, Norman ominously notes that the sphere reflects everything in the room, except them.When they return to the Habitat, Harry hypothesizes that everyone on this team is fated to die. Harry notes that the black hole is referred to as an "unknown event" in the future logs. However, here in the present, they have knowledge of the historic event, yet it is unable to be explained later on. During the night, Harry returns to the spacecraft and is able to enter the sphere. Norman follows Harry, where he finds him unconscious next to the sphere, and returns him to the Habitat.The next day, the crew discovers a series of numerically encoded messages appearing on the computer screens. The crew is able to decipher them, and comes to believe they are speaking to "Jerry", an alien intelligence from the sphere. They find that Jerry is able to see and hear everything that happens on the Habitat.A powerful typhoon strikes the surface, and the Habitat crew is forced to stay in the Habitat several more days. During that time, a series of tragedies strikes the crew, including attacks from aggressive jellyfish and a giant squid, and equipment failures in the base that kill Ted, Barnes and the team's support staff. The survivors, Beth, Harry and Norman, believe Jerry is responsible. Norman discovers that they had misinterpreted the initial messages from Jerry, and that the entity speaking to them through the computers is actually Harry himself, transmitted from his mind while he is asleep. Norman and Beth eventually realize that when Harry entered the sphere, he gained the ability to make anything he imagines a reality, and they conclude that all the horrors that have befallen the Habitat were manifestations of Harry's fears.Norman and Beth sedate Harry with enough sleeping drugs to put him into a dreamless sleep, to prevent him from doing any further damage. However, when Norman is attacked by a snake, Beth realizes that Harry alone could not have been responsible for everything that had happened on the Habitat, and she confronts Norman, accusing him of entering the sphere when he went to retrieve Harry. Beth's suspicions prove to be correct, but after experiencing her own nightmarish vision, she confesses to Norman that she too entered the sphere.When rejoined by Harry, the three of them realize that the crew of the ship must have also entered the sphere, and they ended up killing each other after being driven mad by their fears. Under the stress of the situation, Beth has suicidal thoughts, which causes the detonation mechanisms on a store of explosives to engage, threatening to destroy the base and the spacecraft. They race to the Habitat's mini-sub, but their combined fears cause them to reappear back in the spacecraft. As a psychologist, Norman is able to see through the illusion. He triggers the mini-sub's undocking process, and overrides the others' fears that they will not escape the destruction of the Habitat and spacecraft. The sphere is untouched by the explosions.The mini-sub makes it to the surface as the surface ships return. As Beth, Harry and Norman begin safe decompression, they realize that they will be debriefed and their newfound powers discovered. Fearing humans are not ready for this ability they agree to erase their memories of the event using their powers, to ensure the "unknown event" paradox is resolved. The sphere then rises from the ocean and accelerates away into distant space.
356	Client, The (1994)	Drama, Mystery, Thriller	Eleven-year-old Mark Sway and his little brother Ricky are smoking cigarettes in the woods near their Memphis trailer home when they encounter mob lawyer W. Jerome Clifford. Mark sneaks up to the back of Clifford's car to remove the hose from the exhaust pipe, which is funnelling carbon monoxide into the car. Clifford discovers Mark and pulls him into the car to die with him. He tells the boy that he is about to kill himself to avoid being murdered by Barry "The Blade" Muldano, the nephew of notorious mob kingpin Johnny Sulari. Mark grabs a gun from the car seat, but Clifford takes it away from him. As he shoots the car window, Mark manages to escape with Ricky. Clifford chases them but stops at a cliff, puts the gun in his mouth, and pulls the trigger.Ricky becomes catatonic after witnessing the suicide and is hospitalized at Saint Peter Charity Hospital. There, Mark sees the news of the incident on TV and starts shaking. Authorities – and the mob – realize that Clifford may have told Mark where Louisiana Senator Boyd Boyette, murdered by Muldano, is buried.Mark meets Regina "Reggie" Love, a lawyer and recovering alcoholic, who agrees to represent him. They quickly run afoul of "Reverend" Roy Foltrigg, a celebrated and vain US attorney who is using the case as a springboard for his political ambitions. In the meantime, it is revealed that Sulari never authorized Muldano to kill the senator, so wants him to uncover how much the boys know. Muldano is also ordered to move the body, but he is unable to because it is buried in Clifford's boathouse, and police are still on the property investigating the suicide.Foltrigg continues to use legal tactics to pressure Mark into revealing where the body is hidden, while Sulari orders Muldano to kill the children and Reggie. He also orders the body to be moved once the investigation at Clifford's home is concluded. Mark is threatened in a hospital elevator by Mafia member Paul Gronke, so is unable to talk to Foltrigg.Mark and Reggie go to New Orleans to confirm that the body is on Clifford's property. Reggie intends to use this information to broker a deal with Foltrigg to get Ricky specialized medical care and place the family in the witness protection program. Reggie and Mark arrive at Clifford's house the same night as Muldano and his accomplices, who are in the process of digging up the body. A chaotic confrontation ensues when Mark and Reggie are discovered, but Muldano and his men quickly flee after Reggie triggers the neighbors' alarm.Foltrigg agrees to Reggie's demands in exchange for information about the body's location. Before the Sway family leaves to restart their lives under new identities, Mark and Reggie share a heartfelt goodbye. While Muldano gets angry at his fellow mob members for messing up, Sulari becomes fed up with Muldano and sends him off to be killed. With the body recovered, Foltrigg is a lock-in for the media headlines he craves, and mentions that he intends to run for governor.
357	One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (1975)	Drama	In 1963 Oregon, Randle McMurphy is incarcerated for the statutory rape of a 15-year-old girl (which he claims he committed under the assumption that she was an 18-year-old), with five previous arrests for assault. He feigns mental illness so that he can be moved to a mental institution and avoid hard labor at a work farm. The medical ward is dominated by the cold, passive-aggressive Nurse Ratched, who intimidates her patients and maintains control through fear.The other patients include young, anxious, stuttering Billy Bibbit; Charlie Cheswick, who is prone to temper tantrums; delusional, child-like Martini; the articulate and repressed Dale Harding; belligerent and profane Max Taber; epileptics Jim Sefelt and Bruce Fredrickson; quiet but violent-minded Scanlon; tall, deaf-mute Native American Chief Bromden; and several others with chronic conditions.Ratched sees McMurphy's lively, rebellious presence as a threat to her authority, to which she responds by confiscating and rationing the patients' cigarettes and suspending their card-playing privileges. McMurphy finds himself in a battle of wills against Ratched. One night, he makes a bet with the other inmates that he can escape by tearing a hydrotherapy fountain off its base and hurling it through a locked window, but is predictably unable to lift it. Shortly after, he hijacks a charter bus, picks up his girlfriend Candy, and escapes with several patients to steal a recreational fishing boat, exposing them to the outside world and encouraging them to discover their abilities and find self-confidence.After an orderly tells him that his sentence term does not apply in the mental institution, and can become indefinite, McMurphy questions why no one had told him this before. He also learns that he, Chief, and Taber are the only non-chronic patients who have been involuntarily committed; the others have committed themselves voluntarily but are too afraid to leave. After Cheswick bursts into a fit and demands his cigarettes from Ratched, McMurphy starts a fight with the orderlies, and Chief intervenes to help him.McMurphy, Chief, and Cheswick are then sent to the disturbed ward, and Chief reveals to McMurphy that he can speak and hear normally, having faked deaf-muteness to avoid engaging with anyone. The two make plans to escape to Canada together. McMurphy is subjected to electroconvulsive therapy, and returns to the ward pretending to be brain-damaged before revealing that the treatment has made him even more determined to defeat Ratched. McMurphy and Chief plan to throw a secret Christmas party for their friends after Ratched and the orderlies leave for the night, before making their escape.McMurphy sneaks Candy and her friend Rose into the ward, each bringing bottles of alcohol for the party, and bribes the night orderly Turkle to allow the party. McMurphy and Chief prepare to escape, inviting Billy to come with them. Billy refuses but asks for a "date" with Candy; McMurphy arranges for him to have sex with her. McMurphy and the others get drunk, and McMurphy falls asleep instead of escaping with Chief.Ratched arrives in the morning to find the ward in disarray; most patients have passed out. She discovers Billy and Candy in bed together and aims to embarrass Billy in front of everyone. Billy manages to overcome his stutter and stands up to Ratched. When she threatens to tell his mother, Billy cracks under the pressure and reverts to stuttering, before Ratched orders he be locked in a separate room as punishment. McMurphy punches an orderly when trying to escape out of a window with Chief, causing the other orderlies to intervene. Locked up alone, Billy kills himself by slitting his throat with a broken glass, causing a huge commotion. Ratched tries to control the situation by calling for the day's routine to continue as usual, but her nonchalant reaction enrages McMurphy, who begins strangling her. The orderlies violently subdue McMurphy, saving Ratched's life.Sometime later, Ratched is wearing a neck brace and speaking weakly although still sternly, and Harding leads the now unsuspended card-playing. McMurphy is nowhere to be found, leading to a rumor that he has escaped. Later that night, Chief sees McMurphy being returned to his bed. He is initially elated that McMurphy had kept his promise not to escape without him, until discovering that McMurphy has been lobotomized. After tearfully embracing McMurphy, Chief smothers him to death with a pillow. He then rips the hydrotherapy fountain off its base and throws it through the window as McMurphy had earlier attempted. Chief escapes, with Taber and the other inmates awakening to cheer him on as he runs into the surrounding countryside.
358	Spawn (1997)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi, Thriller	U.S. Marine Corps Force Recon Lieutenant Colonel and CIA operative Al Simmons is assigned by his superior, Jason Wynn, to infiltrate a biochemical weapons plant in North Korea, despite Simmons' growing moral qualms with the nature of his work. Unknown to Simmons, Wynn has ordered his top assassin Jessica Priest to murder him while he is on the mission. Before Simmons dies, he is set on fire by Wynn and the flames cause the plant to explode. Simmons arrives in Hell, where one of its rulers, Malebolgia, offers him a deal – if Simmons becomes his eternal servant and leader of his army in Armageddon, he will be able to return to Earth to see his wife, Wanda Blake. Simmons accepts the offer and is returned to Earth as a being known as a "Hellspawn".Unfortunately, Simmons, now known as Spawn, learns that five years have passed since his death. Wanda is now married to his best friend Terry Fitzgerald, who is living as the stepfather to his daughter, Cyan. Spawn encounters a clown-like demon known as the Violator, sent by Malebolgia, who acts as his guide down the path to evil. Spawn also meets and befriends a young homeless boy named Zack and the mysterious and elderly Cogliostro, a former Hellspawn who has successfully freed his soul and now fights for Heaven. Spawn learns that Wynn is now a weapons dealer and has developed a biological weapon called Heat 16. During a reception, Spawn attacks Wynn, murders Jessica and escapes using his newfound powers as a Hellspawn.Following the attack by Spawn, Violator convinces Wynn to have a device attached to his heart that will release Heat 16 worldwide if his vital signs flatline as a deterrent against assassination attempts; Malebolgia intends for Simmons to murder Wynn and initiate the apocalypse. Spawn confronts Violator, who turns into his demonic form and beats him down. Cogliostro then rescues and teaches him how to use his powers with Zack. Spawn then learns that Violator and Wynn are after his family.Terry sends an email incriminating Wynn to a fellow newsman. Just as the email is sent, Wanda, Cyan and Wynn enter the room. Wynn destroys Terry's computer and takes the family hostage. Spawn, Cogliostro and Zack arrive and nearly murder Wynn, but Spawn extracts the device from Wynn's body instead and destroys it. With his plan foiled, Violator sends Spawn and Cogliostro to Hell, where they both battle the demon before subduing him. Spawn is then confronted by Malebolgia as the latter renounces his intended purpose before escaping with Cogliostro just before they are overwhelmed by the villain's forces. Violator, having recovered, follows them, whereupon one last confrontation that culminates with Spawn decapitating the demon ensues. Violator's head taunts the group and threatens his return before retreating back to Hell. Wynn is arrested and Spawn, realizing there is no place for him in Wanda's world anymore, dedicates himself to justice rather than vengeance and returns to the streets with Cogliostro and Zack.
359	Assignment, The (1997)	Thriller	In 1974, Carlos the Jackal has sex and kills a spider with his cigarette then evicts the woman from his room. He dons a disguise and walks to a cafe where CIA agent Henry Fields is sitting at a table. Recognizing Fields, Carlos asks for a light. Fields does not recognize Carlos, because of his disguise. Carlos then detonates a grenade, killing dozens of people.The next year, Carlos attacks an OPEC meeting in Austria to earn a ransom. To identify Carlos, the CIA sends Fields, who secretly plans to assassinate him with a concealed pistol. The plan is foiled when his CIA superior stops him from reaching out to shake Carlos' hand because he might be photographed doing so by nearby journalists.In 1986, Carlos is apparently apprehended in an open-air market in Jerusalem and brutally interrogated by Mossad commander Amos. The man claims to actually be a US naval officer named Annibal Ramirez whose identification was lost in the chaos of his arrest. Amos confirms his identity and lets him go, stunned that Ramirez looks exactly like Carlos. Back at home, Ramirez is visited by Fields (now using the name Jack Shaw) who tries to recruit him to impersonate the terrorist leader. Ramirez refuses.Shaw persists, turning up at a Navy ball and trying to goad Ramirez into taking the assignment. He succeeds by confronting Ramirez with the human cost of Carlos' terrorism by taking him to Bethesda Naval Hospital to see a boy who was crippled by one of Carlos' bombs.Amos and Shaw train Ramirez at a former prison in Canada. Much of his training is devoted to situational awareness and internalizing details of Carlos' life. His training concludes with Carla, one of Carlos' ex-mistresses, training Ramirez in how to have sex like Carlos. The plan revolves around convincing the KGB, which is financing his terrorism, that Carlos has begun selling information to the CIA. Shaw lures one of Carlos' ex-lovers, Agnieska, to Libya, where Ramirez convinces her of his legitimacy. However, he notices she has become an informant for French intelligence. French agents arrive at their apartment, and Ramirez is forced to kill them.Carlos sends an assassin to kill Agnieska in France, ordering him to leave Europe through London. The assassin happens to be in Heathrow Airport at the same time as Ramirez, and realizes Ramirez is an impostor after he fails to recognize a code phrase. During a struggle, Amos and the assassin kill each other. After Amos' death, the CIA suspends the operation and Ramirez returns home.Ramirez has sex with his wife as Carlos would, and she is disturbed by his change. The next day, at his son's little league game, he gets into a confrontation with another father and nearly kills him. Shaw bails him out of jail; both men are suffering from the failure of their mission. Ramirez accuses Shaw of fabricating the scene at the hospital to trick him into accepting the assignment and Shaw threatens to use the Ramirez family as bait to lure out Carlos if he tries to back out. That night, Ramirez reveals the mission to his wife.Ramirez and Shaw meet up in East Berlin and the KGB photographs them, assuming Carlos has been turned. Enraged, the KGB raids Carlos' safe house, but he escapes. Shaw and Ramirez wait outside for him, and Ramirez fights Carlos on the bank of the Spree River. Eventually, one of the two men is held under water by the other. To save the latter, Shaw shoots at the former. He realizes too late that he has shot Ramirez, and Carlos swims away. Ramirez presses Shaw to leave him and kill Carlos, but Shaw insists that their plan has worked and that Carlos is now a target of the KGB.Back home, a car bomb appears to kill Ramirez and his family, and Shaw attends the funeral. In St. Martin, Ramirez receives a news clipping of the bombing with a congratulatory note from Shaw, implying that he staged the killing to liberate the Ramirez family. Ramirez nearly kills a spider in its web like Carlos, but does not. Carlos is arrested in 1994.
360	Wonderland (1997)	Documentary	Wonderland is an American documentary film produced and directed by John O'Hagan that was released in 1997. It is a satirical account of Levittown, New York and its residents.
361	Incognito (1997)	Crime, Thriller	Talented New York painter Harry Donovan is an expert of copying famous artists' paintings, but is struggling to become a legitimate artist in his own right. Until now, he has avoided detection by forging third and fourth tier masters, but that is about to change. Frustrated by the cancellation of an exhibition of his paintings, Harry accepts a job forging a long lost Rembrandt for $550,000 from three art dealer clients—Alistair Davies, Ian Hill, and Agachi—against the wishes of his artist father who wants his son to give up forgery and concentrate on his own work.Despite his father's wishes, Harry takes the job and travels to Amsterdam to study Rembrandt. He decides to forge a never-discovered portrait of the master's blind father lost supposedly off the coast of Spain over 350 years ago. Harry continues his research in Paris, where he meets a beautiful Rembrandt scholar, Professor Marieke van den Broeck, who tells him she is a "student". Harry does not know that one of his main source books was written by Marieke. With her unwitting help, he gains access to an actual Rembrandt being restored at the Louvre from which he obtains scrapings of the original varnish. Soon Harry and Marieke become involved romantically.Harry travels back to Amsterdam, where he paints his "Rembrandt" in an attic studio using period materials and a photograph of his own father as a model. He then journeys to Spain where he shows his three clients his forged masterpiece. After they find a local farmer who is paid to claim to have "found" the painting, the three clients invite two art experts to examine the painting, and they "confirm" it to be a Rembrandt. They return to London with the painting for a final authentication by a group of experts, which includes Marieke, to Harry's surprise. Several experts agree it is genuine, but Marieke does not. Dismayed to learn that his clients plan to hold a public auction, Harry tries to take back his painting but Davies pulls a modified Beretta handgun on him. Harry manages to evade his line of fire and makes his escape with the painting while Davies shoots and kills Agachi and frames Harry for the murder and the theft of the painting.After eluding arrest, Harry finds Marieke, handcuffs her to his wrist, and together they escape on the Orient Express. Forced to flee the train by the pursuing police, they make their way through the English countryside, eventually splitting up before Harry is finally arrested while attempting to destroy his forgery at Mentmore Towers.During his trial Harry tries to prove his innocence by duplicating the painting in open court to show that the painting is fake. His feelings, however, over his father's recent death and his wish for him to give up forgery prevent him from completing the painting. "Only Rembrandt can paint a Rembrandt," he concludes. Harry is saved when Hill, fearing his partner's homicidal intentions, testifies that Davies was actually the one who murdered Agachi. An enraged Davies is put in contempt and Harry is cleared of all charges.After his release, Harry discovers that Hill plans to auction the painting himself and reap all the financial benefits. Having anticipated such an outcome, Harry had written a letter to the farmer in Spain notifying him of the deception. Spanish law allows the government first right of purchase from the discoverer of all treasures found on Spanish soil. The painting ends up in the Museo del Prado and the $55,000,000 that the painting was sold for end up in Spain. Of this money two thirds are taken by the Spanish government, half of the remaining sum is taken by the Church, and what is left is given to the farmer. In gratitude, the farmer invites Harry to Spain where he gives the artist half of the money—$5 million. Harry then travels back to Paris to meet Marieke. He gives her an original portrait that he painted of her in his own style. After signing the painting, the couple kiss and embrace on the romantic banks of the Seine.
362	Blues Brothers 2000 (1998)	Action, Comedy, Musical	Elwood Blues is released from prison after serving eighteen years for the events of the previous film and is informed that his brother, "Joliet" Jake Blues, has died. He is picked up by Matara, a friend who works for his former drummer Willie Hall, who wants to help him get back on his feet.Before meeting up with Willie, Elwood asks to be dropped off to see Mother Mary Stigmata who is now working at a hospital after the orphanage was closed. She informs him that Curtis has also died but fathered an illegitimate son named Cabel Chamberlain, who is an Illinois State Police commander, and introduces him to an orphan named Buster to suggest mentoring him.Against Stigmata's advice, Elwood tracks Cabel down at his police headquarters to inform him of his real father and asks him to join The Blues Brothers Band, which he plans on reforming. Cabel, upset by the news and offended by the suggestion to join him after seeing Elwood's and Jake's criminal histories, throws him out of the building, where Buster steals his wallet; it contains enough money for Elwood to purchase a new Bluesmobile.Elwood and Buster begin tracking down members of the former band to recruit them from their current jobs. Willie runs a strip club and joins after it is burned down by the Russian mafia because Elwood enlisted the help of Willie's barman, "Mighty" Mack McTeer, to try and convince them to leave the club alone, by getting two of the mobsters drunk and leaving them bound and gagged in an alley.  Mack also joins the band as well, along with former members Matt "Guitar" Murphy who joins again at the advice of his wife, with whom he now runs a Mercedes-Benz dealership, as well as saxophonist "Blue Lou" Marini. Three members work at a radio station and quickly agree to join, and finally, Murphy Dunne joins after his boss at a call center gives him permission.The newly reformed band uses their old agent to book them a show. On the way to it, they are followed by Cabel and the Illinois state police, who are now looking for Elwood for stealing Cabel's wallet earlier, and believing that he has kidnapped Buster. While avoiding the police, Elwood interrupts a militia group meeting, unintentionally destroying their boat full of explosives they planned to use.The band arrives at the show to find they have been mistakenly booked as a Bluegrass band, but perform anyway. Afterwards, they evade capture by the police, but they catch up with them at a tent revival where Reverend Cleophus James is preaching. Before Cabel can arrest them, he has an epiphany brought on by Reverend Cleophus that he should join the band instead of being a police officer. The band evades capture once more, now with Cabel joining them, who the police believe is brainwashed.The band continues on to their next booking, an audition for a Battle of the Bands put on by Queen Mousette who Mack informs is allegedly a 130-year-old voodoo witch. Queen Mousette requests the band play something Caribbean; when Elwood explains they don't play Caribbean music, she casts a spell on them to play anyway. She accepts the band into the battle, however, Elwood, Mack, and Cabel are turned into statues.At the show, Queen Mousette undoes the spell to allow the Blues Brothers to play against the Louisiana Gator Boys, a supergroup of blues musicians who win the battle. After the battle, the show is interrupted by the arrival of the Russian mafia and militia group from earlier; they are turned into rats by Queen Mousette. The Illinois state police arrive, but stand down after Cabel informs them that he is okay. Elwood suggests that the two bands jam together on stage. When Mother Mary Stigmata arrives, Elwood uses the performance as cover to say goodbye to Cabel and Mack and escape with Buster, with the police giving chase.
363	Sudden Death (1995)	Action	Darren McCord is a French Canadian-born firefighter for the Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire now serving as the fire marshal for the Pittsburgh Civic Arena, after being unable to save a young girl from a house fire two years prior. During the 1995 Stanley Cup Finals between the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Chicago Blackhawks (a fictional rematch of the 1992 Stanley Cup Finals), a group of terrorists take the Vice President of the United States and several other VIPs hostage in a luxury suite. Secret Service operative Joshua Foss has the arena wired with explosives, and plans to blow it up at the end of the game, while having hundreds of millions of dollars wired into several off shore accounts.Darren takes his son Tyler and daughter Emily to Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Finals as a birthday gift for Tyler. A spat between brother and sister causes Emily to run off before getting kidnapped by Carla, the sole female member of the terrorists (who is disguised as the local mascot Iceburgh after killing the original performer). Carla places Emily in the suite with the other hostages about to be executed. Not wanting his son to go missing, Darren orders Tyler to stay in his seat while he goes searching for Emily. Carla is about to kill Darren, but he evades her attacks in a fight and kills her. Afterward, Darren asks for a security guard's help, but the guard is another terrorist in disguise and reveals their criminal operation before being killed by Darren. Now aware of the situation, Darren finds a mobile phone in the executive offices and uses it to contact Secret Service Agent Matthew Hallmark; Hallmark advises Darren to stand by while the agents take charge. He angrily refuses, saying that he will handle this himself.The Secret Service and the Pittsburgh Bureau of Police team up to surround the arena and a standoff ensues. Meanwhile, Darren manages to find and disarm a few of the bombs (as well as killing and evading a few of Foss' men), whilst Foss himself kills several hostages after the end of the first and second periods. Hallmark finally makes his way inside and meets Darren, who explains where the rest of the bombs are most likely located. Hallmark is revealed to be in league with Foss, and tries to kidnap Tyler, but fails. Hallmark then reveals his true self to Darren, who sets him on fire and ultimately kills him. Darren then uses Hallmark's phone to contact Foss, who taunts that he is holding his daughter captive.As time ticks down, Darren disables more bombs, but is severely slowed by confrontations with Foss' men. At one point, Darren, dressed as the Pittsburgh goalie to escape the thugs, enters the game and successfully defends a shot on goal. As the third period runs down, Luc Robitaille scores the game-tying goal for Pittsburgh in the last second, prompting sudden death overtime and prolonging the game. Deciding that there's no time left to find the remaining bombs, Darren climbs to the roof of the arena. He fights off two of Foss' henchmen; one of them falls onto the score display, blowing it up. As the arena erupts into chaos, Darren advances upon the owner's box from above and forces his way in, rescuing Emily, the Vice President and the remaining hostages. Darren and Emily reunite with Tyler and set out to leave the arena.Foss manages to escape and blend in with the panicking crowd. He sets off one of the bombs, flooding part of the arena, and recaptures Emily when she recognizes him. They head towards the top of the arena, where a helicopter is waiting to lift Foss away. Darren intervenes and saves his daughter before Foss can shoot her. As Foss attempts to flee, Darren shoots the pilot, causing the chopper to stall and fall into the arena, sending a terrified Foss to his death as the chopper explodes on impact with the ice. Darren is led to an awaiting medic unit while his children tell the paramedics of his heroism.
364	Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls (1995)	Comedy	After failing to save a raccoon from falling to its death, Ace Ventura becomes depressed and joins a monastery. He is approached by Fulton Greenwall about a job. The Monastery’s Abbott, desperate to be rid of Ace’s antics, tells Ace he has achieved enlightenment and should leave with Fulton.Greenwall wants Ventura to find the sacred white bat, Shikaka. Ace arrives in Nibia and meets with consul Vincent Cadby. Ace begins his investigation, but must overcome his fear of bats. He eventually befriends the tribe's princess, who tries to seduce Ace. Ace admits his oath to clerical celibacy. Ace also befriends the prince, who assists Ace. Ace's investigation involves eliminating suspects and enduring the escalating threats between the Wachati and the Wachootoo. Ace suspects the medicine-man of the Wachootoo of taking the bat, attempts to infiltrate the Wachootoo village, but is immediately captured.The Wachootoo believe Ace as the "White Devil", and they are convinced he wants to fight them and have him go through many challenges to gain their trust. He passes them all, and his final challenge is a "Circle of Death" fight with their toughest warrior, who defeats Ace. Despite losing, Ace's comical antics entertain the Wachootoo, and release Ace and Ouda but warn them war will be tomorrow at Noon.As he departs the Wachootoo village, the Wachootoo shoot Ace one final time with a dart for laughs. Ace suddenly realizes a tranquilizer dart he was shot with earlier is not the same as the Wachootoo's darts, and was carved from an acala. This leads him to find two poachers with the bat. They tranquilize Ace and tie him to a raft which is sent over a waterfall.Ace survives and continues to investigate how the poachers are involved with the war between the tribes. Ace consults the Abbott via spiritual projection. With the Abbott’s help, Ace deduces that Cadby has taken the bat in order to turn the tribes against each other so that Cadby can seize control of the lucrative market for guano.When Ace confronts Cadby about his suspicions, Cadby confesses to the plot, explaining that he hired Ace as an alibi. The local law enforcement is loyal to Cadby, and Ace is arrested. Ace summons various animals to facilitate his escape and subsequent attack on Cadby’s mansion. Cadby tries to shoot Ace, but is stopped by Greenwall. Cadby escapes with the bat in a Rover, but Ace follows him in a monster truck, eventually overtaking him and destroying his car.Ace returns the bat just as the tribes are about to fight each other on the battlefield. Cadby is noticed by Ouda, who calls him the "Devil" and incites both tribes to pursue him. Cadby is able to escape them but then encounters a gorilla, who mistakes him for a mate. The Wachati Princess is married to the Wachootoo Prince, who is revealed to be the warrior who defeated Ace during the "Circle of Death" challenge earlier. It is discovered that the bride is no longer a virgin, on Ace's account. Peace between the tribes is still achieved when the two tribes join together and chase after Ace.
365	Powder (1995)	Drama	Jeremy "Powder" Reed is a young albino man who has incredible intellect and is able to sense the thoughts of the people around him. Jeremy's brain possesses a powerful electromagnetic charge, which causes electrical objects to function abnormally when he is around them, particularly when he becomes emotional. The electromagnetic charge also prevents hair from growing on his body.Jeremy's mother was struck by lightning while pregnant with him; she died shortly after the strike, but Jeremy survived. His father disowned him shortly after his premature birth, and he was raised by his grandparents. Jeremy lived in the basement and worked on their farm, never leaving their property and learning everything he knew from books. He is taken from his home when his grandfather is found dead of natural causes. Jessie Caldwell, a child services psychologist, takes him to a boys' home because he is now effectively a ward of the state.Jessie enrolls him in high school, where Jeremy meets physics teacher Donald Ripley. Donald finds out that Jeremy has supernatural powers as well as the highest IQ in history. While his abilities mark him as special, they also make him an outcast.On a hunting trip with his schoolmates, Jeremy is threatened with a gun by John Box, an aggressive student who views him as a freak. Before John can fire, a gun goes off in the distance, and everyone rushes to see that Harley Duncan, a Sheriff's deputy, has shot a doe. Anguished by the animal's impending death, Jeremy touches both the deer and Harley at the same time, inducing in Harley what the students assume is a seizure. Harley later admits that Jeremy had actually caused him to feel the pain and fear of the dying deer. Because of the experience, Harley removes all of his guns from his house, although Sheriff Doug Barnum allows him to remain as a sheriff's deputy without a sidearm.Doug enlists Jeremy to help speak to his dying wife through telepathy. Through Jeremy, the sheriff learns that his wife clings onto life because she did not want to die while not wearing her wedding ring and without him reconciling with his estranged son, Steven. She tells him that Steven found the ring and that it has been sitting in a silver box on her nightstand the entire time. Doug then places the ring on his wife's finger and reconciles with Steven, letting his wife die peacefully.Jeremy meets Lindsey Kelloway, a romantic interest, but their relationship is broken by Lindsey's father. Before the interruption, he tells Lindsey that he can see the truth about people: that they are scared and feel disconnected from the rest of the world but in truth are all connected to everything that exists.Jeremy goes back to the juvenile facility and packs away his belongings, planning to run away to his farm. He pauses in the gym to stare at a male student washing, noticing the latter's luxurious head of hair as well as body hair which he himself lacks, and is caught at it by John Box, who accuses him of homosexuality. John steals Jeremy's hat and taunts him, but Jeremy reveals that John's words mimic what his stepfather said before beating him when he was 12, infuriating him. John and the other boys humiliate Jeremy, stripping him naked and taunting him. His powers begin to manifest by pulling at their metal buttons and any piercings. Eventually, a large spherical electromagnetic pulse erupts throwing Jeremy into a mud puddle and everyone else to the ground. John is found still, with his heart stopped. Jeremy uses an electric shock to revive him.Jeremy returns to the farm where he grew up, now in procession of probate with the bank, and finds that all of his possessions have been removed. He is joined by Jessie, Donald, and Doug, who urge him to come with them to find a place where he will not be feared and misunderstood. Instead, he runs into a field where a lightning bolt strikes him, and he disappears in a blinding flash of light. The electrical jolt hits Jessie, Donald, Doug, and Harley.
366	Dangerous Minds (1995)	Drama	LouAnne Johnson, a veteran of the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps, applies for a high school teaching job and is surprised and pleased to be offered the position with immediate effect, even though it is a low paying job. Showing up the next day to begin teaching, however, she finds herself confronted with a classroom of tough, sullen teenagers, all from low-income working-class backgrounds, involved in gang warfare and drug pushing, flatly refusing to engage with anything.They immediately coin the nickname "White Bread" for LouAnne, due to her race and apparent lack of authority, to which LouAnne responds by returning the next day in a leather jacket and teaching them karate. The students show some interest in such activities, but withdraw when LouAnne tries to teach the curriculum.Desperate to reach the students, LouAnne devises classroom exercises that teach similar principles to the prescribed work but using themes and language that appeal to the students. She also tries to motivate them by giving them all an A grade from the beginning of the year and arguing that the only thing required of them is that they maintain it.In order to introduce them to poetry, LouAnne uses the lyrics of Bob Dylan's "Mr. Tambourine Man" to teach symbolism and metaphor; once this is achieved, she progresses on to Dylan Thomas's "Do not go gentle into that good night" (she is inspired to do so after a conversation with her co-worker Hal when she asks him who his favorite poet is, and he responds "Dylan," confusing Bob Dylan [his reply] with Dylan Thomas). LouAnne rewards the students liberally, using candy bars, reward incentives, and a trip to a theme park. Her methods draw the attention of the school authorities, George Grandey and Carla Nichols, who try to force her to remain within the curriculum.A few particular students attract LouAnne's interest for their personal problems. Raul Sanchero is a boy who is frequently involved in gang warfare and street crime. LouAnne tries to encourage him to focus by paying a special visit to his family to congratulate him on his work and going to dinner with him as a way of instilling confidence and self-respect.Emilio Ramirez is her most troublesome personal "project", as he believes strongly in a sense of personal honor that prevents him from asking for help. When LouAnne discovers that his life is in danger because of a personal grudge held by a recently released thug, she advises him to seek help from Principal Grandey. The next day, Emilio visits Grandey, but Grandey (not realizing that Emilio is in serious danger) instantly dismisses him because he neglected to knock on the door before entering his office.Feeling rejected, Emilio leaves the school and is subsequently killed by his rival. Heartbroken by her failure to protect Emilio and angry at the indifferent school system for contributing to his death, LouAnne announces to the class her intention to leave the school at the end of the academic year. The students immediately break down, begging her not to leave. Overwhelmed by their unbridled display of emotion, she decides to stay.
367	Clueless (1995)	Comedy	Cher Horowitz, a stylish, popular, and good-natured teenager, lives in a Beverly Hills mansion with her wealthy father, Mel, a gruff litigator; her mother died during a liposuction procedure when Cher was a baby. She attends Bronson Alcott High School with her best friend Dionne Davenport, also stylish and from a wealthy family. Dionne has a long-term relationship with popular student Murray Duvall, though Cher believes Dionne should be dating more mature men. Josh Lucas, the socially conscious son of Mel's ex-wife from a brief marriage, visits Cher and her father during a break from college. When Cher points out that they have not been linked by marriage for more than five years, Mel replies that he divorced his wife, not his stepson. Cher playfully mocks Josh's idealism while Josh teases Cher for her vanity, superficiality, and selfishness.Initially receiving poor grades on her report card, Cher renegotiates those with her more lenient teachers but cannot budge the hard-grading Mr. Hall. To soften him up, Cher orchestrates a romance between Mr. Hall and the awkward Miss Geist. As a result, Hall relaxes his standards, allowing Cher to renegotiate the grade. After seeing the teachers' newfound happiness, Cher becomes enthusiastic about doing good deeds. Cher's father professes that he is prouder of her negotiation skills than if she had actually earned her grades.When a "clueless" transfer student named Tai Frasier arrives at the school, Cher turns her into her next project. She and Dionne make over Tai, giving her protégé newfound confidence and style. When an amiable but clumsy skateboarding slacker Travis Birkenstock becomes smitten with Tai, who reciprocates, the social-status-conscious Cher tries to extinguish the attraction between Tai and the "unworthy" Travis. Instead, she steers her towards handsome, popular student Elton Tiscia. However, Elton has no interest in Tai and is instead interested in Cher, whom he tries to kiss in his car after a party in Sun Valley. When she rebuffs him, he leaves her in a parking lot out of spite, and she is mugged at gunpoint. With no money, Cher's only choice is to call Josh to pick her up. Seeing her attempts at mentoring Tai and volunteering for charities, Josh realizes that despite her superficiality, Cher is sincere.Christian Stovitz, a handsome metrosexual new student, immediately attracts Cher's attention, becoming her target for a boyfriend. When Cher goes to a party with him, Josh becomes protective, also attending the party in the process. There, he gallantly rescues Tai when no one asks her to dance. Later inviting Christian to hang out watching a film at her home, Cher tries to seduce him, but he is distracted admiring the male actors in the film and deflects her advances. After Murray informs Cher and Dionne that Christian is gay, Cher decides to remain friends with him, approving his taste in art and fashion.Cher's privileged life takes a negative turn when Tai's newfound popularity strains their relationship. Additionally, when Cher fails her driving test, for the first time she cannot negotiate to change the result. Her mood worsens when Tai confesses her feelings for Josh to Cher, asking Cher's help in pursuing Josh. Jealous, though oblivious, Cher tells Tai that she is not right for Josh, and the two girls fall out.Feeling "totally clueless", Cher reflects on her priorities and repeated failures to understand or appreciate the people in her life. She begins to help by performing document review on her father's legal case along with Josh, and they begin to bond. Pondering why she is bothered by Tai's romantic interest in him, Cher finally realizes that she is in love with Josh. After her epiphany, Cher begins making awkward but sincere efforts to live a more purposeful life, including captaining the school's Pismo Beach disaster relief effort. She accepts an invitation from Travis to a skating tournament in Long Beach, where she reconciles with Tai, who is now dating Travis.Cher and Josh eventually realize their feelings for one another, culminating in a kiss. Some time later, Cher attends the wedding of Mr. Hall and Miss Geist, which she and Josh attend as a couple, along with Dionne, Murray, Tai, and Travis. Cher catches the wedding bouquet and kisses Josh.
368	Bio-Dome (1996)	Comedy	Best friends Bud "Squirrel" Macintosh and Doyle "Stubs" Johnson live together in Arizona, but their environmentalist girlfriends, Jen and Monique, dump them due to their immaturity. Driving back home, they pass by the Bio-Dome, where scientist Dr. Noah Faulkner is about to seal his team in for a year without outside contact. Mistaking the Bio-Dome for a mall, Bud and Doyle go inside to use the bathroom, only to be sealed in along with the scientists. Dr. Leaky, the project's investor, discovers them and demands their removal, but Dr. Faulkner refuses, claiming it would destroy the purpose of the experiment, so Bud and Doyle remain. Although things initially go smoothly, this proves to be a mistake, as Bud and Doyle continue their antics, harming themselves and destroying many of the scientists' projects. The scientists plead to Dr. Faulkner, but he only relents after the two find a secret stash of junk food and experiment with laughing gas. The two are then banished to the desert environment section and, after three days of isolation, they discover a key in the lock of one of the windows, which opens a back door, and they escape the Bio-Dome.As Bud and Doyle are receiving a pizza delivery at the dome, they learn Jen and Monique are attending an environmental party with other men, so they decide to outdo the party and hold one inside the Bio-Dome to win them back. The party backfires, throwing the experiment into chaos, and Jen and Monique disavow the boys. The scientists prepare to exit out of the desert through the door, but, realizing their idiotic actions, Bud and Doyle intervene and demand they all stay and restore the dome to full health, arguing that the real world itself is currently not a pristine environment, with Doyle swallowing the key as a last resort. The group subdues the situation and begins to fix the dome together, while the boys and the scientists bond with each other as a team, and Bud and Doyle's efforts in restoring the dome soon draw a large group of fans and supporters, including Monique and Jen. Meanwhile, Dr. Faulkner, who had disappeared the night of the party, has gone insane and is starting plans to blow up the dome with IEDs inside of coconuts.After several months pass and Earth Day approaches, Bud, Doyle, and the team successfully restore the dome, but on the night before the doors reopen, Bud and Doyle discover Dr. Faulkner, hoping to apologize to him and make amends. He tells the two that he is rigging pyrotechnics for the door-opening ceremony and gets them to help plant the items, unaware they are really bombs. Once Bud and Doyle are left alone with the bombs, they goof off with one of the coconuts, and after a failed long pass, they discover their dangerous nature. They alert the others and try to exit the dome early, but the door cannot be opened until the clock hits zero, when the bombs will detonate. Bud and Doyle run back into the dome to find Dr. Faulkner and get him to deactivate the bombs. After a chase and struggle, they knock him out and use a remote to disable the coconuts.With the Bio-Dome experiment complete, the team gets ready to exit the now-open door, but as they begin to walk out, Dr. Faulkner returns with one last coconut bomb, trips, and the bomb detonates at the entrance. Bud, Doyle, Jen, and Monique bid farewell to the Bio-Dome scientists and drive off, where Doyle yet again has to use the bathroom and the car is seen driving toward a mysterious nuclear power plant. Dr. Faulkner, meanwhile, has escaped the dome through the desert window door, having retrieved the key Doyle swallowed, and flees through the desert pursued by police.
369	Black Sheep (1996)	Comedy	Mike Donnelly, a good-natured but loud and bumbling oddball of his family, is driving an advertisement truck to support his brother Al Donnelly's campaign for Governor of Washington. His competition is the 8-year incumbent, Evelyn Tracy. Mike is chased by dogs while driving and crashes into a local movie theater. Al's campaign manager, Roger Kovary, advises Al to get rid of Mike, but Al decides to have Mike campaign for him in town with the assistance of campaign aide Steve Dodds, who accepts the job in return for a spot on Al's staff following the election. As Steve goes to pick up Mike, he hits crazed Vietnam veteran Sgt. Drake Sabitch, who ends up stealing his rental car.Later on, Mike tries to stop underage kids from drinking, but incriminating pictures make it look like he was drinking with them, leading to his termination from a Pierce County recreation center. While packing up, he runs into a pair of thugs who set fire to the building, while the same photographer takes potentially incriminating pictures of Mike right after the thugs leave the scene of the fire. However, the first cop to arrive at the scene is Robbie Mieghem, a friend of Mike's who lets him and Steve leave before the police arrive. The two take off in Mike's car and, per Kovary's instructions, head for a shack in rural Garfield County.The next day, as Steve and Mike hang fliers, Steve tries to make a call via cell phone; while looking for a place with reception, Steve stumbles upon the home of the aforementioned Drake Sabitch - an old school bus with a TV, a hammock, a grill, and several weapons. While trying to find a high-ground to get reception on his phone, Steve accidentally loosens a rock in a pile of stones. Later on, as the guys play checkers, a huge boulder rolls down the mountain, almost completely knocking their cabin off its foundation; that night, a stormy wind blows the roof away and hail falls inside. The next day, Mike tries to talk to Al, but Kovary refuses, so Mike decides to head into Seattle that night to talk to Al, who is going on MTV's Rock the Vote campaign. He impersonates a security guard and shouts down an unruly concertgoer, with clouds of steam coming out his ears.  This ingratiates him to the security.  Backstage he joins a lively party where they talk to him about how blacks are being kept down.  After hanging out and bonding with the  Rastafarians and being mistaken for his brother by Mudhoney, Mike cavorts around onstage assumed to be Al as he shouts various oddly misspoken political quotes and slogans (culminating to his yelling "KILL WHITEY!" once he waves to the Rastafarians as the crowd goes suddenly silent) as a shocked Al and Kovary helplessly watch. Because of his stunt, Al decides to no longer let Mike help him with the campaign, leaving Mike down. The next day, Steve and Mike sneak into Drake's home (after dodging some hidden land mines) to watch Al's debate on his TV. When Steve goes outside to use the restroom, he is attacked by Drake, but is saved by Mike, who beats the ex-soldier in unarmed combat. Drake is impressed by Mike's fighting skill and befriends both men.Governor Tracy, in hopes of sabotaging Al following their debate, purchases the pictures of Mike at the rec center fire and posts them on TV, therefore allowing Tracy to win the election. Mike notices that the total vote count is 1,882 for Garfield County, when in fact there are only 1,502 registered voters there; furthermore, Mike recognizes the two men who set the rec center on fire standing next to Tracy. Mike and Steve go to the Garfield County Courthouse, where they obtain the names of the voters in the election. They discover that over half the people who voted for Tracy have been dead for over ten years (including Drake's father and grandfather), proving Tracy had rigged the elections. To get this to the people and Al, Mike and Steve borrow Robbie's squad car to get to Governor Tracy's victory party the following day.At the party, the duo appears during Tracy's victory speech and the police try to arrest Mike for arson. At the podium, Mike takes a gun from one of the cops and pretends to hold Steve hostage, while Drake shows up in time to prevent a sniper from shooting Mike and controls the crowd by threatening them with an RPG. Mike reveals Tracy's election fraud, overturning the election results and making Al the winner.Three months later, Steve is Al's new assistant and advisor, replacing Kovary after earlier in the movie, he made Al choose between his career or being with his "loser" brother and as a result, Al fired him; Al offered Mike a job in his administration, but he declined since he got his job running the recreation center back; and Al has decreased crime rates in Washington. As Al and Steve enter a jet to go to a meeting, Mike's jacket gets caught in the plane's door, causing him to be trapped outside while it takes off.
370	Mary Reilly (1996)	Drama, Thriller	Mary Reilly is a 1996 American Gothic horror film directed by Stephen Frears and starring Julia Roberts and John Malkovich. It was written by Christopher Hampton and adapted from the 1990 novel of the same name by Valerie Martin (itself inspired by Robert Louis Stevenson's 1886 novella Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde). It reunited director Frears, screenwriter Hampton, and actors Malkovich and Glenn Close, who were involved in the Oscar-winning Dangerous Liaisons (1988). Mary Reilly was theatrically released by TriStar Pictures on February 23, 1996 to poor reviews. It was a box office bomb, making just $12 million against its $47 million budget.
371	Bridges of Madison County, The (1995)	Drama, Romance	In the present, adult siblings Michael and Carolyn Johnson arrive at the Iowa farmhouse of their recently deceased mother, Francesca, to settle her estate. They are shocked upon learning that she had requested to be cremated and her ashes scattered from Roseman Covered Bridge, rather than be buried next to her late husband, Richard.Michael initially refuses, but while he and Carolyn look through the safe deposit box, they discover an envelope containing photographs, letters, and a key. The photos are of Francesca taken at the Holliwell Covered Bridge and the letters are from a man named Robert Kincaid. The key is to Francesca's locked hope chest. In it are three hardbound notebooks. There are also several National Geographic magazines, including one featuring Madison County's covered wooden bridges, old cameras, a book, and other mementos. The magazine includes a photo of Kincaid, who photographed the bridges; he is wearing Francesca's crucifix pendant.As Michael and Carolyn begin reading Francesca's notebooks, the film flashes back to 1965. Francesca, a WWII war bride originally from Bari, Italy, stays home while her husband and teenage son and daughter attend the state fair for the next four days. Robert Kincaid, a National Geographic photojournalist on assignment to photograph the county's historic bridges, arrives at the Johnson farm, asking for directions to Roseman Bridge. Francesca rides along to show him the way. Their subsequent affair occurs over four days.Francesca details the intense affair and its lasting influence on her and Robert, hoping Michael and Carolyn will understand and honor her final request. She and Robert fell deeply in love and nearly ran away together. Francesca, confined to a passionless marriage, was unable to abandon her teenage children and loyal husband. Though Francesca loved Robert, she questioned whether their spontaneous relationship could survive over time. He, moved by their brief encounter, found renewed meaning in life and his true calling as an artist. Robert's memories helped sustain her through the remaining years on the farm.After her husband's death, Francesca attempted to contact Robert, but he had left National Geographic and his whereabouts were unknown. She later learned that he died about three years after her husband, and left his belongings to her. Robert's ashes were scattered from Roseman Bridge.In the present, Michael and Carolyn, struggling with their own marriages, are deeply moved by their mother's story. They find new directions to their individual lives and finally carry out their mother's wishes to scatter her ashes from Roseman Bridge.
372	Jeffrey (1995)	Comedy	The story takes place in Manhattan during the height of the AIDS epidemic and revolves around Jeffrey, a gay man who has sworn off sex because of the epidemic. It is not so much that Jeffrey is afraid of dying, but that he is afraid that he will fall in love with someone who is bound to die; thus, his celibacy is about sex and about relationships in general. Almost immediately thereafter, Jeffrey meets Steve, a hunky, charming HIV-positive man. He experiences an emotional conflict as he must face his fear in order to accept love, often breaking the fourth wall to do so. With the help of friends, including interior decorator Sterling and his partner Darius, as well as a cast of cameos, he is able to overcome his fears and begin a relationship with Steve.
373	Judge Dredd (1995)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi	In the future, the Earth has become a deadly wasteland called the Cursed Earth. The few survivors live in overcrowded "Mega-Cities" plagued by rampant crime. To combat this, a new order of law enforcement emerged: Judges, officers who act as police, jury, and executioner.In 2139, in Mega-City One, a crime epidemic threatens to overwhelm the dwindling resources of the Judges. The strict and feared Judge Dredd assists rookie Judge Hershey in violently quelling a block war. In the same raid, Dredd apprehends Fergie, a hacker and recent parolee hiding in a city-owned robot. Dredd sentences him to five more years for property destruction. Hershey criticizes Dredd's unyielding approach to the law and his solitary nature. Dredd, in response, reveals that nine years earlier he judged and ordered the execution of his best friend and fellow Judge, Rico, for committing a massacre.Meanwhile, Rico, secretly imprisoned at the Aspen Penal Colony, receives a covert message. He escapes and returns to Mega-City One. He retrieves his Judge uniform, Lawgiver gun, and reactivates a decommissioned ABC Warrior, a combat robot, to serve him. Disguised as Dredd, Rico shoots and kills reporter Vartis Hammond, a critic of Dredd and the Judges' violent law enforcement.Evidence incriminates Dredd, who is put on trial before the Council of Judges, including his mentor Chief Justice Fargo and Judge Griffin. Despite Hershey's defense, Dredd is convicted when DNA from the bullets found in the scene matches his own. Fargo retires to spare Dredd's life, requesting leniency as his last act. Dredd is sentenced to life imprisonment while Fargo embarks on the "Long Walk", the final task of a retired Judge to enforce the law in the Cursed Earth until their death.On the transport to the penal colony, Dredd is coincidentally seated next to Fergie. Their transport is shot down by the Angel Gang, a group of cannibalistic scavengers. Fargo intervenes to help Dredd escape the gang and the Judges sent after him by Griffin, but is mortally wounded. Before dying, Fargo reveals that Dredd and Rico are clones created by the Janus Project, a genetic engineering program designed to produce perfect Judges using DNA formed from the best traits of the Council, including Fargo. However, following Rico's turn to criminality, the project was abandoned and its existence concealed. Fargo warns Dredd that Griffin conspired to hide Rico's survival, frame Dredd, and force Fargo's retirement to reactivate the Janus Project, urging Dredd to stop him.In Mega-City One, Rico terrorizes the city, killing Judges to weaken their forces. Griffin uses the chaos to convince the Council to unlock Janus and clone a new Judge army to ruthlessly enforce the law. When the Council tries to reverse its decision, Griffin has Rico eliminate them. At the Janus lab in the Statue of Liberty, Rico replaces the original DNA sample with his own to cultivate clones with free will as his "family", refusing to let them be controlled as he was. When Griffin protests, Rico has the ABC Warrior kill him.Dredd and Fergie return to the city and team up with Hershey, who has uncovered the Janus Project. Together, they infiltrate the lab, where the ABC Warrior injures Fergie and captures Hershey. Rico confronts Dredd for betraying him, but asserts that they are family and offers Dredd the chance to lead the clones alongside him; Dredd refuses. As Fergie disables the ABC Warrior, Rico activates the clones prematurely for backup, causing the lab to explode and destroying the clones. Dredd pursues Rico to the top of the statue, ultimately throwing him to his death.Back on the ground, Dredd's name is cleared after the city's supercomputer broadcasts the truth about Janus. The remaining Judges ask Dredd to become Chief Justice, but he declines, preferring to work as a street Judge.
374	Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie (1995)	Action, Children's	In 2022, Billy Cranston calls in his fellow teammates when a robotic version of Rita Repulsa and her Putties appear. However, Robo-Rita vaporizes Trini Kwan, who sacrifices herself to shield Billy, and flees to plan her revenge. Billy and Zack Taylor are forced to tell Trini's now-orphaned daughter Minh about her mother's fate.One year later, Zack has become Minh's sole guardian. They go to meet the other Rangers at Trini's grave to mark the anniversary of her death, but they come upon an ambush by Robo-Rita, Robo-Snizzard, and Robo-Minotaur. Robo-Snizzard captures Jason Lee Scott, Tommy Oliver, and Kimberly Hart, imprisoning them in a machine. Minh reacts badly when Zack and Billy don't want her involved in the recovery mission and blames Billy for Trini's death.A flashback revealed that Billy secretly built a new Command Center under his company, Cranston Tech. He worked with Alpha 8 to attempt to revive his former mentor Zordon by collecting particles from the Z-Wave. However, they end up with the evil purged from Rita Repulsa's original body which possesses Alpha 8 and reshaped it into a new body called Robo-Rita.When the Putties begin an invasion all over Earth, Alpha 9 initiates the Bandora Protocol, alerting all Ranger teams throughout the universe of the invasion. Former Rangers Kat Hillard and Rocky DeSantos teleport to the Command Center, being given proxy Power Coins so they can morph again. As they battle, Alpha overhears Minotaur tout his ability to track morphed Rangers and alerts Rangers worldwide to power down. Meanwhile, Minh unsuccessfully attempts to use Trini's Power Morpher to battle Putties at the juice bar, but is overwhelmed until Zack and Rocky teleport in. Upon their return to the Command Center, Zack has a heart-to-heart talk with Minh about what it means to be a Power Ranger.At a junkyard, Billy, Rocky, and Kat morph to lure out Robo-Snizzard and Robo-Minotaur, then trap them on a giant electromagnet. Using Stealth Tech Projectors, the Rangers infiltrate Rita's Moon Palace and discover that several more Rangers have been captured and frozen in Robo-Rita's machine. Minh takes one of the Stealth Tech Projectors to sneak past Alpha and commandeers Billy's RADBUG. However, she is captured at the junkyard by Robo-Rita.Billy deduces that Robo-Rita is constructing a time portal using the power of the captured Rangers to contact her past self, hoping to kill the Power Rangers before Zordon could recruit them. Robo-Rita arrives with Robo-Snizzard, Robo-Minotaur, and a captured Minh in tow. Robo-Rita attempts to kill Billy, but Minh jumps in front of the blast. The other Rangers fear her dead, but this good deed bonds the morpher to Minh, allowing her to morph and fight with the other Rangers. Kat, Rocky, and Zack battle and destroy Robo-Minotaur, while Billy and Minh form the Megazord to battle an enlarged Robo-Snizzard. After Robo-Snizzard is destroyed, the Rangers return to the Moon Palace, where Minh and Zack finally destroy Robo-Rita once and for all.Back on Earth, former Rangers Adam Park and Aisha Campbell prepare to take the newly freed Rangers (including Jason, Kimberly, and Tommy) to the planet Aquitar to be fully healed. Billy, Zack, and Minh celebrate their victory at the Juice Bar. After Billy notes that it still might be possible to bring back Zordon one day, he and Zack tell Minh about their past adventures.
375	Showgirls (1995)	Drama	Young drifter Nomi Malone hitchhikes to Las Vegas, where she aspires to make it as a showgirl. After being robbed by a man who picked her up, Nomi meets Molly Abrams, a young professional in the Las Vegas entertainment industry; Molly ultimately takes Nomi in as a roommate. To make ends meet, Nomi begins poledancing and stripping at Cheetah's Gentleman's Club, run by Al Torres. Molly invites Nomi to visit her at work, backstage at the Stardust Resort and Casino, where she is a seamstress and costume designer for Goddess, the Stardust's traditional Vegas-style, topless dance revue. While there, Nomi meets Cristal Connors, the lead female of the Goddess cast. While making smalltalk, Nomi mentions to Cristal that she dances at Cheetah's; upon hearing this, Cristal derisively tells Nomi that what she does is akin to "prostitution". Upset, Nomi refuses to go to work at Cheetah's that night; she and Molly go dancing at the Crave Club. Nomi then starts a fight with James Smith, a bouncer at Crave, and is subsequently arrested. Later, she pays James little mind when he bails her out of jail.Cristal and her boyfriend, Zack Carey (the entertainment director at the Stardust Casino), visit Cheetah's to see what Nomi does, with the two requesting a lap dance from her. Although the bisexual Cristal is attracted to her, the lap dance request is based more on a desire to humiliate Nomi, by insinuating that she truly does engage in a form of prostitution. Reluctantly, after Cristal offers her $500, Nomi performs the requested lap dance. James, the bouncer at Crave, and who happens to be at Cheetah's that night, gets a peek at Nomi's lap dance; the next day, he visits Nomi's trailer, suggesting, yet again, that what she is doing is no different than prostitution. James choreographs a new dance routine for Nomi, but then wants to have sex with her in-exchange; when Nomi refuses, James gives the role to Penny – a former co-worker of Nomi's.Later, Cristal arranges for Nomi to audition for the chorus line of Goddess. Tony Moss, the show's director, humiliates Nomi, asking her to rub ice cubes on her nipples to harden them for the topless audition. Furious, Nomi abruptly leaves the audition after scattering ice everywhere, in a fit. Despite her audition, Nomi gets the job and subsequently quits Cheetah's. Cristal then further humiliates Nomi, suggesting that she should make a 'goodwill appearance' at a boat 'trade show', which turns out to be a thinly-disguised prostitution/sex trafficking set-up. The chance to be Cristal's understudy comes up after she hurts herself. Undeterred, Nomi sets out for revenge against Cristal by claiming her role in Goddess. She seduces Cristal's boyfriend, Zack, who then secures an audition for Nomi to be Cristal's understudy. Nomi wins the role, but when Cristal threatens legal action against the Stardust, the offer is rescinded. After Cristal taunts her even more, Nomi snaps, and pushes Cristal down a flight of stairs, causing her to break her hip. Only after the injury is Cristal officially replaced by Nomi as the show's lead. Despite having finally secured the fame she sought, Nomi is disillusioned. She further alienates her roommate and friend Molly, who realizes Nomi caused the hip injury.Molly later relents, attending Nomi's opening-night celebration at a lavish hotel, where she meets her idol, musician Andrew Carver. Carver lures her to a room, where he brutally beats her before he and his two security-guard friends proceed to gang-rape her to the point of hospitalization. Nomi finds out and immediately wants to call the police. Zack explains that the Stardust will bribe Molly with hush money to protect Carver (one of their star performers), before then explaining about Nomi's 'sordid' past: Zack discovered that "Nomi" was born Polly Ann Costello in San Francisco, from which she ran-away at age 15 to work as a prostitute after her parents' murder–suicide in 1989. After escaping from a foster home in nearby Oakland, California, the following year, Polly changed her name several times. She was also, Zack says, arrested several times, in several states, for various crimes ranging from drug possession and exchanging sex for money to assault with a deadly weapon. Zack blackmails Polly (Nomi), vowing to conceal her past as long as she agrees to not report the rape and assault.Unable to obtain justice for Molly without exposing her own dubious past, Nomi decides to take matters into her own hands. After brutally attacking Carver alone in his hotel room, Nomi then makes two hospital visits: the first being to inform a semi-conscious, but recovering, Molly that Carver's actions did not go unpunished, and the second, to Cristal, apologizing for pushing her down the stairs and injuring her. As Cristal was not pressing charges against Nomi, and her lawyers had secured her a large cash settlement, she forgives Nomi. Cristal admits that she attempted a similar stunt, years earlier; they exchange a reconciliatory, slightly romantic kiss. Nomi leaves Las Vegas and hitches a ride to Los Angeles, ironically with the same man who previously robbed her on her way to Vegas; she subsequently holds him at knifepoint demanding the return of her suitcase.
376	Houseguest (1994)	Comedy	Kevin Franklin is an inner city Pittsburgh native. Raised in an orphanage, he has delusions of grandeur, and talks about getting rich and driving a Porsche one day. Twenty-five years later, he drives a rusted MG Midget and all his ambitions revolve around a series of ill fated get-rich-quick schemes. A handshake loan of $5,000 from loan sharks grows to $50,000 through interest and penalties, resulting in him trying to skip town at Pittsburgh International Airport.Kevin overhears a conversation between lawyer Gary Young and his children as they are waiting to pick up his childhood friend, Derek Bond, who is now a successful, strait-laced and vegetarian dentist. Upon hearing him say that he has not seen Derek in twenty five years and does not know what he looks like, Kevin gives his baseball cap to the real Derek to throw off the two dimwitted mobsters chasing him and poses as Derek to the Youngs, who take him to their posh home in Sewickley.Although he knows nothing about dentistry, Kevin still manages to convince those around him that he is in fact Derek Bond, and his affable personality makes him popular with Gary's otherwise stuffy and rich associates. Gary has little time for his family. His wife, Emily, runs a chain of successful new frozen yogurt businesses, which gradually builds a gap between them, largely due to the demands of his bigoted, arrogant boss at the law firm where he works, and the fact that their clients are a rival yogurt company that is Emily's competition. This leads to Kevin developing a bond with Gary's Goth daughter, Brooke, helping her stand up to her cheating boyfriend, and his young son, Jason, who has aspirations of playing pro basketball. Gary eventually stands up to his boss with Kevin's support and quits the firm to be with his family.Meanwhile, the mobsters threaten Kevin's best friend, Larry, into revealing his whereabouts, and Kevin asks him to pick him up. After he does so reluctantly, he sparks an argument with him over his lack of appreciation of friendship, causing him to realize that Gary has been his friend all along. He returns to the Youngs' house only to find that the mobsters have taken them hostage, and his true identity is revealed when the real Derek Bond finally shows up.After the mobsters take Kevin away, he manages to escape, losing them in a charity marathon, where he meets up with Gary, who graciously decides to help him despite his charade, in return for helping bring his family closer together. Kevin reveals that he has an instant lottery ticket he purchased the previous day for a chance at a $1 million cash prize spin on a Saturday night television show, which he reluctantly gives up to the mobsters in exchange for the forgiveness of his debt.The film fast forwards to wintertime, Kevin parallel parks a shiny new red Porsche with Larry in tow, in front of the Youngs' house, appearing for a promotional party for his new best-seller book, Handbook for Houseguests, based on his experiences with them. The partygoers gather in front of the television to watch the mobsters spin the wheel for the jackpot.It initially lands on the million dollar jackpot, but then falls and lands on $5,000, much to the mafia don's dismay and Kevin's delight. During the closing credits, Gary and Kevin sing a medley of food based parodies of Christmas songs, as they cook a barbecue in the Youngs' backyard outside of a Christmas party.
377	Heavyweights (1994)	Children's, Comedy	When school ends for the summer, Gerry Garner is told by his parents that they are sending him to Camp Hope, a weight loss camp for boys. Initially reluctant, Gerry meets enthusiastic camp counselor Pat, and befriends the other campers, who have smuggled in enough junk food for the entire summer. The first night at Camp Hope brings the revelation that the original owners, the Bushkins, have declared bankruptcy and the camp has been bought by fitness entrepreneur Tony Perkis Jr., who plans to transform the camp’s weight loss program into a best-selling infomercial.Tony replaces the camp’s beloved activities, including go-karts and “the Blob”, with a punishing exercise regimen. Pat is replaced by the strict new counselor Lars and the campers endure a painful softball game against their more athletic, over-competitive rivals Camp MVP. When Tony purges the cabins' hidden food caches, camper Josh stands up for Gerry by taunting Tony and is sent home without a refund. Tony arranges a dance with the girls' summer camp named Camp Magnolia to humiliate the boys into losing weight, but counselors Tim, Pat, and camp nurse Julie convince everyone to enjoy themselves together. Josh returns to Camp Hope revealing that his lawyer father has threatened to sue Tony for kicking his son out without a refund.Gerry and his friends sneak into Tony's office in search of their confiscated snacks, and learn that Tony has intercepted all the campers’ letters to their families, including a letter that Gerry wrote to his grandmother. They discover a secret food stash used by most of the camp, leading them to gain weight, and Tony forces the boys on a 20-mile hike, preparing to endanger their lives for the sake of fitness. The boys trick Tony into falling into a pit and imprison him at camp in a makeshift cell, electrified with a bug zapper. With Pat, Julie, and Tim on their side, the campers take back control of Camp Hope, tying up Lars in the woods with Tony's other counselors, and celebrating with a binge eating bonfire party. Lars ultimately sides with the campers due to threats of deportation.The next morning, Pat rallies the campers to take responsibility for themselves and start losing weight and they all start a healthier regimen while making Camp Hope fun again. The boys' parents arrive for visiting day and are shown a video documenting Tony's cruelty, which is interrupted by Tony, having escaped his cell. Exchanging blows with Gerry's father, he attempts a series of backflips but knocks himself out. As Tony is taken away, Tony Perkis Sr. arrives and promises to refund everyone’s money, but announces that the camp will be closed. The boys ask for the camp to stay open. Pat – with 18 years' experience and the support of Gerry and the others – agrees to assume responsibility for Camp Hope, which Tony Sr. allows.Under Pat's leadership, the campers restore their favorite activities, and prepare to face Camp MVP in their annual competition. Camp MVP takes the lead in the first event, an obstacle course, but Camp Hope catches up in the second round, a test of knowledge. In the final go-kart race, Gerry wins the competition for Camp Hope. Demonstrating that having fun is more important than winning, Pat throws the trophy in the lake and seals his romance with Julie with a kiss. As Camp Hope celebrates their victory, Gerry thanks Pat for the best summer of his life.During the credits, Pat, the campers, and Lars sing the "Camp Hope" song.In a post-credits scene, Tony is now an unsuccessful door-to-door salesman selling healing crystals.
378	Miracle on 34th Street (1994)	Drama	Prior to the Thanksgiving parade, Cole's Department Store's special events director Dorey Walker fires Tony Falacchi, an employee working as the store's Santa Claus when the latter becomes intoxicated. Immediately trying to find a replacement, she spots an elderly man who had been berating Falacchi and begs him to take over; the man introduces himself as Kris Kringle. Kris does so well during the parade that he is immediately hired by Cole's, despite his apparent belief that he is the real Santa Claus.Kris is lauded by the children and parents who come to visit him, and his unusual proclivity to direct shoppers to other stores where toys can be bought more cheaply is turned into a successful marketing campaign for Cole's. The sudden turnaround of Cole's, which had only recently survived a hostile takeover bid by Victor Landberg, enrages executives at rival firm Shopper's Express, who are led by Jack Duff.Dorey has persuaded her six-year-old daughter, Susan, that Santa Claus does not exist, and is concerned by Kris's influence on her. Dorey's neighbor, attorney Bryan Bedford, does his best to convince Susan to believe. While being babysat one night by Kris, Susan shares with him her Christmas wish: she would like a dad, a house pictured in the Cole's Christmas catalogue, and a baby brother. Kris asks if she would begin to believe in Santa if she got all those things, and Susan agrees that she would. The same night, Bryan proposes to Dorey, who rejects his offer and leaves.Landberg and Duff realize that Kris believes himself to be Santa Claus and lead a plot to destroy his credibility. Duff and his fellow executives pay Falacchi to antagonize Kris in the street and feign an injury when Kris raises his walking stick, leading to Kris's arrest. Bryan provides Kris with legal support and arranges for a court hearing where Kris can make his case. Dorey convinces the chairman of Cole's to show solidarity with Kris, drumming up support from the public. At the court hearing, prosecutor Ed Collins makes the case that Kris is mentally unfit for society, allowing him to state to the court that he is the real Santa Claus. The night before Christmas Eve, Judge Henry Harper privately confides to Bryan that despite Kris's genuine goodwill, he feels constrained to declare him insane, unless a miracle happens. The next morning, just before he can announce his ruling, Susan approaches the judge with a Christmas card containing a $1 bill. On the back, the words In God We Trust are circled. The judge realizes that if the US Department of Treasury can put its official faith in God on US currency with no required standard of evidence, then the people of New York can place their faith in Santa Claus in the same way. Judge Harper dismisses the case, declaring that Santa is real, existing in the person of Kris Kringle.Following the court case, Dorey and Bryan are maneuvered by Kris into realizing their true feelings for each other, and are married in a small ceremony after the Christmas Eve Midnight Mass at St Francis Church of New York.On Christmas morning, Susan wakes to the news of the marriage and is elated to find that she has received one part of her Christmas wish. Together, Susan, Dorey, and Bryan drive out to the catalogue house and find that Kris - who has now departed 'overseas' - has arranged for them to purchase it, which they can now afford due to the size of Dorey's Christmas bonus.With two of Susan's wishes fulfilled, Dorey asks her what the third one was, and she triumphantly announces that it was a baby brother. Dorey and Bryan both look at each other, shocked, before glancing down at Dorey's stomach and sharing a kiss.
379	Tales From the Crypt Presents: Demon Knight (1995)	Horror	= On a desert road in New Mexico, a powerful demon in human form, The Collector, pursues drifter Frank Brayker. The vehicles crash and Brayker flees. Local drunk Uncle Willy takes him to a decommissioned church converted into a boarding house, where he rents a room and observes the residents: owner Irene, prostitute Cordelia, postal clerk Wally, and a convict on work release named Jeryline. A cook named Roach arrives and informs the group about a theft attempt on his employer's car, unaware it was Brayker, and a suspicious Irene calls the sheriff. Sheriff Tupper and his deputy Bob encounter The Collector at the crash site, who convinces them that Brayker is a dangerous thief. At the boarding house, Tupper and Bob learn that Brayker is in possession of an important artifact and that he is carrying false ID. Tupper also gets word from his base that both cars were stolen and he arrests Brayker as well as The Collector. The Collector kills Tupper by punching through his skull. Driven outside by the key-like artifact Brayker possesses, The Collector draws his own blood on the sand and produces a team of demonic creatures. Brayker uses blood from the artifact to protect the building and tells the group they must wait out the night. Unable to get in, The Collector uses psychic powers to seduce and possess Cordelia. Cordelia kills Wally and cripples Irene before Brayker kills her. The group attempts to escape through old mine tunnels under the building, where Jeryline finds a boy named Danny hiding. The other townsfolk, under demonic possession, drive them back into the church. The residents demand an explanation, and Brayker reluctantly tells them the history of the key artifact. Following the creation of Earth by God, demons used seven keys to focus the power of the cosmos into their hands. When discovered, God created light, which scattered the demons and the keys across the universe. The artifact that Brayker holds is the last key needed to reclaim power; to protect it, God had a thief named Sirach fill it with the blood of Jesus Christ. The guardians of the key, immortal while holding it, have since passed it on, refilling it with their own blood when they die. Brayker received the key from his commanding officer during World War I. Danny disappears and Jeryline rallies everyone to look for him, during which Roach sneaks the key out of Brayker's satchel. In the church attic, Irene and Bob discover that Wally was planning to attack the post office with a trunk full of weapons. The Collector soon possesses Uncle Willy, who attacks the others. While battling Willy, Roach makes a deal with The Collector to trade his life for the key, but The Collector betrays and kills him soon after Roach walks away. Brayker retrieves the key in the battle and Irene and Bob sacrifice themselves to stop the remaining minions. In the attic, The Collector brainwashes Danny, who mortally wounds Brayker before Jeryline kills him. As he dies, Brayker initiates Jeryline as a guardian of the key, deactivating all blood seals. The Collector overpowers Jeryline, taking the key from her. When he offers her a place at his side and prepares to take her heart as a trophy when she silently refuses, Jeryline confronts The Collector and spits blood from the key in his face, causing him to revert to his actual demon form before being destroyed. At dawn, Jeryline refills the key with Brayker's blood and boards a bus with her cat, sealing the door behind them. Down the road, the bus stops to pick up a stranger (Mark David Kennerly), who declines to get on stating that he'll catch the next one. Dressed identically to his predecessor and carrying the same suitcase, Jeryline realizes that he is the next Collector. After exchanging a glance in passing, the new Collector begins following on foot, whistling the theme song to the Tales from the Crypt television series.
380	Star Trek: Generations (1994)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi	In 2293, retired Starfleet officers James T. Kirk, Montgomery Scott, and Pavel Chekov attend the maiden voyage of the USS Enterprise-B. During the shakedown cruise, the starship is pressed into a rescue mission to save two El-Aurian refugee ships that a massive energy ribbon has snared. Enterprise saves some of the refugees before their ships are destroyed, but becomes trapped by the ribbon, and Kirk goes to a control room to help the ship escape. While Enterprise is freed, Kirk is presumed lost in space and dead after the trailing end of the ribbon tears open the ship's hull.In 2371, the crew of the USS Enterprise-D is in a holodeck computer simulation, celebrating the promotion of shipmate Worf to lieutenant commander. Captain Jean-Luc Picard learns his brother and nephew have been killed in a fire, and is distraught that the Picard family line will end with him. Enterprise receives a distress call from a stellar observatory, where an El-Aurian, Dr. Tolian Soran, launches a probe at the nearby star. The probe causes the star to implode, creating a shockwave that destroys its planetary system. Soran kidnaps Enterprise engineer Geordi La Forge and is transported off the station by a Klingon Bird of Prey belonging to the Duras sisters.Enterprise crewmember Guinan tells Picard that she and Soran were among the El-Aurians rescued in 2293. Soran—who lost his family when their homeworld was destroyed—is obsessed with returning to the energy ribbon to reach the "Nexus", an extra-dimensional realm of wish fulfillment outside normal space-time. Picard and Data determine that Soran, unable to safely fly a ship directly into the ribbon, is altering its path by removing the gravitational effects of nearby stars. Soran plans to destroy another star to bring the ribbon to the planet Veridian III, consequently killing millions on a nearby inhabited planet.Upon entering the Veridian system, Picard offers himself to the Duras sisters in exchange for La Forge but insists on being transported to Soran directly. La Forge is returned to Enterprise, but unwittingly exposes the ship's defense details through the transmitter installed in his VISOR device. The Duras sisters attack, and Enterprise sustains critical damage before destroying the Bird of Prey by triggering its cloaking device, and firing photon torpedoes when its shields drop. When La Forge reports that the starship is about to suffer a warp-core breach as a result of the attack, Commander William Riker evacuates everyone to the forward saucer section of the starship, which separates from the engineering section just before the breach occurs. The resulting shockwave sends the saucer-section crashing onto the surface of Veridian III.Picard fails to stop Soran from launching another probe. The Veridian star's resulting destruction alters the ribbon's course, and Picard and Soran enter the Nexus before the shockwave destroys Veridian III. Picard is surrounded by an idealized family, but realizes it is an illusion. He is confronted by an "echo" of Guinan left behind in the Nexus. Guinan sends him to meet James T. Kirk, who is safe in the Nexus. Though Kirk is initially entranced by the opportunity the Nexus offers to atone for past regrets, he realizes it lacks danger and excitement. Having learned that they can travel whenever and wherever desired through the Nexus, Picard convinces Kirk to return with him to Veridian III, shortly before Soran launches the probe.Working together, Kirk and Picard distract Soran long enough for Picard to lock the probe in place; it explodes on the launchpad and kills Soran. Kirk is fatally injured in the effort, and Picard buries him at the site. Three Federation starships arrive to retrieve the Enterprise survivors from Veridian III. Picard muses that, given the ship's legacy, the Enterprise-D will not be the last vessel to carry the name.
381	Muriel's Wedding (1994)	Comedy, Romance	Socially awkward young Muriel Heslop is the target of ridicule by her shallow and snobbish friends, Tania, Cheryl, Janine and Nicole. A devoted ABBA fan, she often daydreams of a glamorous wedding to get her away from the dead-end beach town of Porpoise Spit and her domineering father Bill, a corrupt politician who constantly belittles his entire family. Muriel attends the wedding of Tania and Chook, during which she sees him and Nicole secretly having sex. Wedding guest Dianne, a department store detective, calls the police on Muriel for stealing the dress she is wearing, and they publicly escort Muriel out of the reception.Soon afterwards, Bill's rumoured mistress, Deidre Chambers, recruits Muriel into her multi-level marketing business, and Muriel's "friends" throw her out of their group after declaring she is not invited to their upcoming island holiday. Muriel's mother, Betty, signs a blank cheque for Muriel to buy products for the cosmetics business, but she instead uses it to withdraw $12,000 and follow her former friends to the island. There, Muriel runs into Rhonda Epinstall, an old high school acquaintance, and they quickly strike up a friendship, cemented when Rhonda gleefully tells Tania about Nicole and Chook's affair.Returning home, Muriel is confronted by Betty regarding the stolen money. She impulsively flees to Sydney, sharing a flat with Rhonda, taking a job at a video shop and changing her name to Mariel. One night, Rhonda suddenly falls down, unable to feel her legs. While at the hospital, Muriel calls home and learns her father is being investigated for taking bribes. Rhonda has a cancerous tumour in her spine and undergoes multiple operations, eventually leaving her paraplegic. Muriel promises Rhonda to look after her and never let her return to Porpoise Spit. She also uses Rhonda's health crisis to obtain pampered service at numerous bridal shops, trying on wedding dresses and taking photographs to indulge her wedding obsession. When Rhonda confronts Muriel, she finally confesses to her fixation on a dream wedding, and their friendship becomes strained.Desperate, Muriel agrees to a sham marriage to South African swimmer David Van Arkle so he can join the Australian team in the upcoming Olympics; she is paid $10,000 by David's parents for her help. At Muriel's elaborate wedding in Sydney, Tania, Cheryl and Janine are her bridesmaids; an embittered Rhonda refuses to be one. Bill openly treats Deidre as his date, and Betty arrives late to the wedding as she is unable to afford a plane ticket; Muriel does not notice her at the wedding. Rhonda moves back to her mother's home in Porpoise Spit, unable to live in Sydney without help. After the wedding, David makes his lack of interest in Muriel clear to her.In Porpoise Spit, an increasingly distraught Betty unwittingly shoplifts a pair of sandals she tries on, and Dianne calls the police. Bill arranges to have the charges dropped, but when Betty pleads with Bill for help, he announces his intention to divorce her and marry Deidre. Betty is later found dead by her daughter Joanie. It is announced that Betty had a heart attack, but Joanie informs Muriel that it was suicide. At her mother's funeral, David comforts Muriel, and they finally consummate their marriage. Determined to stop lying, she tells him she can no longer remain married to him as neither of them are in love, and they part amicably. Bill asks Muriel to help raise her siblings, as Deidre is less likely to marry him with the children in tow, and he has also lost his job on city council. Muriel stands up to him, giving him $5,000 of her wedding money and telling him she will repay the rest of the stolen amount when she gets a job in Sydney. She also demands that her father stop verbally abusing her siblings.Muriel goes to Rhonda's house, where Muriel's former tormentors are visiting, and offers to take her back to Sydney. Rhonda accepts and lambasts the other women, much to their shock and anger. The best friends head to the airport, happily leaving Porpoise Spit behind.
382	Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, The (1994)	Comedy, Drama	Anthony "Tick" Belrose, using the pseudonym of Mitzi Del Bra, is a Sydney-based drag queen who accepts an offer to perform his act at Lasseters Hotel Casino Resort managed by his estranged wife Marion in Alice Springs, in remote central Australia. After persuading his friends and fellow performers, Bernadette Bassenger, a recently bereaved transgender woman, and Adam Whitely, a flamboyant and obnoxious younger drag queen who goes under the drag name Felicia Jollygoodfellow, to join him, the three set out for a four-week run at the casino in a large tour bus, which Adam christens "Priscilla, Queen of the Desert".The trio proceed through remote lands bordering the Simpson Desert meeting a variety of characters. Early on, Tick reveals that Marion is actually his wife, as they never divorced, and that they are going there as a favor to her. They stop in Broken Hill, where they are subjected to homophobic abuse and violence, including having their bus vandalized with homophobic graffiti. After they leave the main highway to save time, their bus breaks down in the middle of the desert. Adam spends the whole day repainting the bus in lavender to cover the graffiti. After a homophobic couple turn up but leave them stranded, a group of friendly Aboriginal Australians with whom they perform at a corroboree help them get Priscilla to Bob, a middle-aged mechanic, in a small outback town. Bob is delighted to see drag performers in his small town and ultimately joins them for the remainder of the journey after his Filipina wife Cynthia leaves him.Continuing their journey, they stop for repairs at the remote opal-mining town of Coober Pedy, where Adam is attacked by a homophobic gang. Bob and Bernadette save him. Bernadette comforts the shaken Adam, allowing them to reach an understanding. As they near Alice Springs, the others come to terms with the secret of Tick's marriage and resolve their differences.Upon arrival at the hotel, it is revealed that Tick and Marion also have an eight-year-old son, Benji, whom Tick has not seen for many years. Tick is nervous about exposing his son to his drag profession and anxious about revealing his homosexuality. He is surprised to discover that Benji already knows and is fully supportive. While Benji is playing with Adam, he reveals that Marion has previously been in a lesbian relationship.When their contract is over, Tick and Adam and the group go on a camping trip in the outback. Marion insists that Benji go back to Sydney with them so that Tick can get to know him better. Tick and Benji are talking by the river and Tick hesitantly talks to Benji about what he does for a living, to which Benji replies “Mum says you’re the best in the business."Bernadette decides to remain at the resort with Bob, who will work at the hotel after the two of them have become close. Before parting ways, the three travellers fulfill a long-held dream of Adam's, to climb Kings Canyon (Watarrka) in full drag regalia.The film ends with Tick and Adam performing in the same club featured in the opening credits, with the crowd (including Benji working spotlight) cheering on encouragingly.In a post-credits scene, the dummy attached to a kite that was released earlier in the film is revealed to have travelled to Tibet and landed in a temple where a monk recovers it.
383	Flintstones, The (1994)	Children's, Comedy	In Stone Age suburban Bedrock, Slate & Co.'s vice-president Cliff Vandercave and his secretary Sharon Stone plan to swindle the company of its vast fortune, pin the blame on a patsy, and flee. Fred Flintstone loans his best friend and neighbor Barney Rubble money so that he and his wife Betty can adopt a feral little boy named Bamm-Bamm, who can only pronounce his own name. Though initially hard to control because of his super strength, Bamm-Bamm eventually warms up to his new family and befriends Fred's daughter Pebbles. Cliff holds an aptitude test for a new executive; Barney notices Fred struggling with the test and, to return his kindness, switches his test with Fred's. Barney happened to have the highest score, so Fred is made an executive, but his first order from Cliff is to fire Barney, who received the lowest score from Fred's test.Fred allows the Rubbles to move in with him and his wife Wilma while Barney attempts to find a new job, and Cliff lavishes Fred with material perks of his new position to distract him while using him to further his plans. Fred and Wilma become more greedy and self-centered while treating the Rubbles like servants, culminating with Barney revealing he switched their tests and he and Betty leaving. Wilma soon leaves afterward with Pebbles and moves in with her mother Pearl. Fred learns that Cliff's plan to build a "modernized" assembly line for Slate & Co. is a cover for his embezzlement, but Stone has tricked Fred into signing all the relevant forms, and also into firing most of the company's labor force. Fred is forced to go into hiding when Cliff reports his theft to the police. Wilma, disbelieving Fred's involvement, decides to break into his office and steal his "Dictabird", which remembers all conversations overheard in his office. Cliff observes her with the bird and realizes it overheard his admission of guilt to Fred.Wilma and Betty find Fred and Barney about to be lynched by disgruntled ex-workers, and the Dictabird reveals to them Fred's innocence. The two couples return home and find that Cliff has abducted Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm, and is holding them hostage in exchange for the Dictabird. The next day Fred and Barney arrive at Cliff's assembly line and release the bird to him, and Cliff flees while Fred tries to stop the machinery and Barney goes to rescue their children. Stone arrives to stop Cliff from escaping, and Fred destroys the assembly line while Barney escapes with the kids. The machinery breaks down and a slurry of water and mineral waste cascades onto Cliff, encasing him entirely. Mr. Slate and the police arrive and the Dictabird clears Fred's name, and Mr. Slate is unexpectedly delighted by the material covering Cliff, naming it "concrete" in honor of his daughter Concretia. He orders the workers rehired and makes plans to begin mass-production of concrete, and offers Fred the position of president of their new concrete division, but Fred has realized that wealth changed him for the worst and declines. He instead asks for his old job back, with some additional benefits for the workers, and the two families return to their normal lives.
384	Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult (1994)	Comedy	Frank Drebin has retired from Police Squad and lives a seemingly happy life with his wife, Jane Spencer Drebin. In reality, Frank is unfulfilled as a househusband and attends marriage counseling with Jane. Six months after Frank's retirement, he is visited by Ed Hocken and Nordberg, who ask for his help with an investigation. Police Squad has learned that infamous bomber Rocco Dillon, who is currently incarcerated, has been hired by terrorists to conduct a bombing against the United States. Frank remembers Rocco's girlfriend Tanya Peters from an investigation years ago and agrees to help Ed and Nordberg by visiting the clinic where Peters works.Frank visits the clinic and writes Tanya's address on a handkerchief, but loses it before he can give it to Ed. Jane comes home to an exhausted Frank and accuses him of doing police work again. Frank lies and swears he is having an affair, but Jane does not believe him and moves out of their house. With nothing else to lose, Frank volunteers to go undercover in prison to befriend Dillon and learn the details of the bombing. Frank is put in Rocco's cell under the name Nick "The Slasher" McGurk. He wins Rocco's trust after protecting their escape plan from a guard and causing a riot. Rocco and Frank escape through a tunnel in their cell and are picked up on the outside by Rocco's mother Muriel. At Rocco's hideout, Frank attempts to get information on the bombing out of Rocco and his mother, but they are suspicious of him and refuse to share details.Meanwhile, Jane and her friend Louise are on a road trip together when Jane finds the handkerchief with Tanya's address on it. Believing Frank was being truthful about the affair, Jane decides to drive cross-country to the address to find Frank. When she arrives, Frank answers the door and must quickly cover for her; he convinces the Dillons that Jane is a random stranger but that they should keep her as a hostage. Rocco finally reveals his plan to Frank: he will attack the Academy Award ceremony with a bomb hidden in the Best Picture envelope.At the Awards, Frank traps Muriel in the car and sneaks in with Jane to search for the bomb. Frank and Jane frantically search for the bomb, with Frank inflicting his usual chaos on stage during the show. Frank encounters Tanya backstage, and she attempts to seduce Frank, but reveals she has a penis, causing Frank to feel sick and flee. Frank bursts onto the stage and tries to stop the detonation of the bomb, but ends up in a stalemate with Rocco and drops an electronic sign which takes out Muriel. Rocco decides to detonate the bomb and die with his mother, but Frank launches Rocco and the bomb into the catwalks above the stage. Frank snares Rocco with a cable and slings him through the arena's roof. Rocco crashes into Pahpshmir's helicopter hovering overhead and the bomb explodes, killing them both. Frank and Jane reaffirm their love to the applause of the audience and viewers worldwide.Nine months later, Frank and Nordberg rush into a delivery room to witness the birth of Frank's child. They run into the wrong room and Frank is shown a baby with brown skin, causing him to angrily chase Nordberg. Ed comes out of another room with Jane, who is holding their real baby.
385	True Lies (1994)	Action, Adventure, Comedy, Romance	Harry Tasker is, to the knowledge of his wife Helen and his daughter Dana, a mild-mannered computer hardware salesman often away on business trips; in reality he is a secret agent for Omega Sector, a top-secret U.S. counterterrorism agency. Harry, along with his teammates Albert "Gib" Gibson and Faisil, infiltrates a party in Switzerland hosted by billionaire Jamal Khaled. At the party, Harry meets Juno Skinner, who turns out to not only be Khaled's art dealer, but a paid agent of "Crimson Jihad", a terrorist organization led by Salim Abu Aziz. Undercover as a potential buyer, Harry visits her, leading the terrorists to attempt to kill him. Harry fights them off but loses Aziz in a pursuit. As a result, Harry misses the birthday party that Helen and Dana planned for him.The next day, Harry goes to Helen's office to reconcile with her, but instead overhears her secretly arranging to meet someone called Simon. Suspecting Helen is having an affair, Harry uses Omega Sector resources to learn that Simon is a used car salesman, who pretends to be a spy to seduce women. In disguise, Harry and other Omega agents arrest Helen and Simon. After terrifying Simon into keeping away from Helen, Harry and Gib interrogate her using a voice masking device in a secret facility. They learn she is suffering a midlife crisis and is desperately seeking adventure. Harry arranges for Helen to participate in a staged spy mission, where she is to seduce a mysterious figure (who is actually Harry) and plant a bug in his hotel room.However, Aziz's men burst in, kidnap the couple and take them to an island in the Florida Keys, where Helen finally learns Harry's double life. While in captivity, Harry learns Crimson Jihad paid Juno to help the group smuggle four MIRV nuclear warheads by hiding them in antique statues. Aziz demands that the U.S. remove their forces from the Persian Gulf or he will weekly detonate a warhead in a major U.S. city. He will also detonate one warhead on the uninhabited island to demonstrate Crimson Jihad's resolve. Before being tortured with Helen, Harry is administered a truth serum and reveals details of his secret occupation to her. They escape and learn that one warhead is set to explode in 90 minutes while the others are loaded onto vehicles to be taken into the U.S. via the Overseas Highway, thus bypassing U.S. Customs. In the ensuing melee, Harry and Helen kill many of the terrorists, while Aziz gets away with one of the warheads on a helicopter.Helen is caught by Juno and taken in a limousine following the convoy. Gib and other Omega agents pick up Harry. They use two Marine Harrier jump jets to intercept the convoy by destroying part of the Seven Mile Bridge. Harry rescues Helen from the limo before it falls off the highway. The warhead left on the island detonates without killing anyone.Harry discovers that Aziz and his men are holding Dana hostage in a Miami skyscraper and are threatening to detonate their last warhead. Harry commandeers one of the jets to rescue her. Faisil gets into the building by posing as a news cameraman. Dana steals the missile control key and flees to the roof, while Faisil kills several of Aziz's men. Aziz pursues Dana onto a tower crane, and then Harry arrives. Harry rescues Dana, and after a struggle with Aziz, he has him ensnared on the end of one of the plane's missiles, which Harry fires at a terrorist helicopter, killing Aziz and the remnants of Crimson Jihad. Harry, Helen and Dana are safely reunited.A year later, Harry and Helen are working together as Omega agents. While on a mission at a formal party, they encounter Simon, working as a waiter and pretending to be a spy. Simon runs away in fear after they reveal themselves and threaten to kill him to avoid jeopardizing their covers. Harry and Helen dance the tango, while Gib pleads for them to take their work seriously.
386	Addams Family Values (1993)	Comedy	Gomez and Morticia Addams have a baby, and they name him Pubert. After a number of failed attempts by his siblings Wednesday and Pugsley to kill him, Gomez and Morticia gently rebuke them andhire the nanny Debbie Jellinsky to care for Pubert, not aware that Debbie is a serial killer who marries and then murders rich bachelors to collect their inheritances. After she seduces Uncle Fester, Wednesday becomes suspicious of her intentions.To maintain her cover, Debbie tricks Gomez and Morticia into believing Wednesday and Pugsley want to go to summer camp. They are sent to Camp Chippewa, managed by the bubbly counselors Gary Granger and Becky Martin-Granger. There, they are singled out by the campers, including popular and snobbish girl Amanda Buckman, for their macabre appearance and behavior. Joel Glicker, a nerdy bookworm and fellow outcast, becomes attracted to Wednesday.Debbie and Fester become engaged. At her bachelorette party, Debbie is repulsed by the Addams family and their relatives. At their wedding, Fester passionately and with great emotion declares his everlasting devotion, while Debbie offers a lackluster response. On their honeymoon, she tries unsuccessfully to kill Fester by throwing a boombox into the bathtub. Frustrated, Debbie forces him to cut ties with his family; when they try to visit Fester and Debbie at their home, they are turned away. The Addamses are alarmed to find that Pubert has transformed into a blue-eyed, rosy-cheeked and blond-haired baby. Grandmama attributes this to his disrupted family life, and Gomez becomes horribly depressed.Back at Camp Chippewa, the counselors cast Wednesday as Pocahontas in Gary's Thanksgiving play, "A Turkey Named Brotherhood". When she refuses to participate, she, Pugsley, and Joel are all sent to the camp's "Harmony Hut" and forced to watch hours of wholesome family entertainment movies and television shows. Afterwards, the three feign cheerfulness, and Wednesday agrees to take part.During the performance, Wednesday returns to being her true self. With help from Joel, Pugsley, and the other outcasts, they capture Amanda, Gary, and Becky by igniting the pilgrim set. Later, Wednesday and Joel share their first kiss before she leaves, with Joel staying behind to lead their friends to ensure the camp's permanent destruction. Pugsley and Wednesday return home in the campsite's stolen van. Meanwhile, Debbie tries to kill Fester by blowing up their mansion, but he survives. She then pulls a gun and reveals that she never loved him and was only after his money. Thing helps Fester escape.Fester later apologizes to Gomez at the Addams mansion, Wednesday and Pugsley return, successfully reuniting the family at last. Just then, Debbie arrives, holds them at gunpoint, and straps them into electric chairs to kill them all. The Addams family listens to her sympathetically, as she explains that as a child and young (self-proclaimed) ballerina, she killed her generous and doting parents, Sharon and Dave, after they gave her a Malibu Barbie doll on her 10th birthday rather than her desired Ballerina Barbie. Then, as an adult, she murdered her first two husbands for incredibly frivolous and materialistic reasons.Pubert, now restored to his normally pale and mustachioed self, escapes from his crib with a knife and reaches the family via a series of improbable events. As Debbie lowers the switch to electrocute the Addamses, Pubert connects two loose wires, rerouting the electrical current through her instead, destroying her in spectacular fashion. All that remains are a pile of ashes, her shoes, and her credit cards—the means of the family's salvation.Some time later, the Addamses and their relatives gather to celebrate Pubert's first birthday, with Joel also attending. Fester laments Debbie's loss, but soon becomes smitten with Dementia, a new nanny that Cousin Itt and his wife Margaret Alford have hired for their child. Out in the family graveyard, Joel attempts to ask Wednesday out by asking about having a future with a husband, though she turns him down. She then tells him Debbie was a sloppy husband killer, and that Wednesday would have scared her husband to death and made sure not to be caught. As he lays flowers on Debbie's grave, a hand emerges from the earth and grabs him, prompting Wednesday to smile as he screams.
387	Age of Innocence, The (1993)	Drama	In the 1870s, New York City is dominated by a community of old-money families whose lives are guided by strict codes of conduct. The elite police their own through ostracism, or worse.Gentleman lawyer Newland Archer is planning a society marriage to May Welland. May's cousin, Countess Ellen Olenska, returns to New York after a disastrous marriage to a Polish aristocrat. When the count cheated on Ellen, Ellen retaliated by sleeping with her secretary. Because of high society's double standards, Ellen's conduct is considered particularly scandalous. As a result, she is initially ostracized. Archer is indignant at the unfair treatment and helps Ellen's family restore Ellen's place in the community.Ellen meets financier Julius Beaufort, who entered New York society by marrying into the Townsend family. His status ensures he is treated courteously, but his philandering makes him widely disliked. He begins flirting with Ellen, but meets his (social) end when the New York elite—sick of his indiscretions—refuses to bail him out during a financial panic.Archer asks May to marry him. Although May senses he is not ready, she accepts. May's intuition proves to be correct. Archer is drawn to Ellen's unconventional views on New York society, which contrast with May's seeming passivity, lack of personality, and fondness for idle leisure.Ellen attempts to divorce the count, who retaliates by threatening to publicize her adultery. Because an adultery accusation would humiliate the entire Welland family, the community urges Archer to intercede. Archer sympathizes with Ellen, but does his duty, and pressures Ellen to call off the divorce.Archer realizes that he has fallen in love with Ellen, and tries to resolve the issue by urging May to rush into the wedding. Suspicious, May asks him once again if his love is genuine. Archer reassures her that it is.Nonetheless, Archer cannot help confessing his love to Ellen. Although she loves him back, she declines his advances. She bitterly explains that she was ready to endure the scandal of a divorce, but Archer and May were not. To avoid further temptation, she moves to Washington. May advances the wedding date and the wedding goes off without a hitch; Ellen declines her invitation.Archer's marriage is comfortable, but boring. He eventually arranges to meet Ellen in secret. They admit they still love each other.The count offers Ellen money and even some personal freedom to return to him. Ellen's family pressures her to take the deal by cutting her personal allowance. However, Ellen declines the offer. Archer and Ellen continue meeting in secret, but Archer's elaborate deceptions arouse May's suspicions. Archer and Ellen decide to make love, but before they can do so, Ellen abruptly announces that she is returning to Europe, aided by a generous allowance from Archer's mentor, Mrs. Mingott.May throws a lavish farewell party for Ellen. Following the party, May tells Archer that she is pregnant. She admits that she shared the news with Ellen before confirming the pregnancy. Archer realizes that he has gravely underestimated May, who suspected his emotional affair all along. He also realizes that Ellen left America because she could not bring herself to have an affair with a married father, and that the entire community has been working behind the scenes to separate him from Ellen.A quarter-century passes, during which Archer and May raise three children. May dies of pneumonia, leaving Archer a widower. Ironically, high society's unwritten rules have faded away, and Archer's son Ted is engaged to the daughter of Beaufort's mistress.Ted invites Archer to a father-son holiday in Paris. He reveals that he planned the trip so that Archer could meet Ellen again, explaining on her deathbed, May confessed that "when she asked you to, you gave up the thing you wanted most." Archer replies, "She never asked me."Archer and Ted walk to Ellen's apartment together, but Archer cannot bring himself to visit her, and sends Ted in his place. He reflects on their time together and walks away.
388	Beverly Hills Cop III (1994)	Action, Comedy	Seven years after the events from the second film Detroit Police Department detective Axel Foley plans to arrest a car-theft ring at a chop shop. Unbeknownst to his superior, Inspector G. Douglas Todd, Axel cancels his SWAT backup; planning to use only his team for the raid.Meanwhile, a group of four men arrive at the chop shop to pick up a stolen box truck; the leader of the group confirms that the truck still has its cargo—crates apparently belonging to the U.S. government—then has his men execute the car thieves. The group prepares to leave when Axel and his team launch their raid, but are outgunned. Todd, arriving moments later, is killed by the group's leader. When the group flees in the box truck, Axel gives chase, but is intercepted by Secret Service Agent Steve Fulbright. He informs Axel that the killer must remain on the loose because the federal government is pursuing a larger scheme in which he is involved.After Todd's funeral, Axel learns that several clues left behind by the killers point to Wonder World; a theme park in Beverly Hills, California, owned by "Uncle Dave" Thornton. Axel arrives in Beverly Hills and reunites with his friend Billy Rosewood, now promoted to "Deputy Director of Operations for Joint Systems Interdepartmental Operational Command" (DDO-JSIOC); and meets Jon Flint, Billy's new partner after John Taggart's retirement. Flint calls his friend Ellis DeWald, head of Wonder World's park security, to let him know that Axel is coming to the park for his investigation.Axel befriends park employee Janice Perkins while touring the park's behind-the-scenes facilities. He is observed by security, then shot at, and attacked hand-to-hand. Axel retreats to the surface, where he cuts in line to enter the Spider Ferris wheel ride. Axel rescues two children from the Spider after the guards accidentally jam the ride and is brought to park manager Orrin Sanderson. When DeWald is called in to contest Axel's claim that he was attacked by the security guards without prior challenge, Axel recognizes DeWald as Todd's killer, but Rosewood and Flint refuse to believe him because of DeWald's impeccable public reputation.Later, Axel is visited in his motel room by Uncle Dave and Janice. They inform him that the Wonder World park's designer and Uncle Dave's close friend - Roger Frye - has mysteriously disappeared while inspecting the grounds two weeks earlier, leaving only a letter with a cryptic message. Axel and Rosewood attend a banquet to honor DeWald as private law-enforcement officer of the year and meet Axel's old friend Serge. Axel tries to heckle DeWald into revealing his criminal activities, but DeWald resists Axel's attempts.Later, Axel digs deeper into a closed-off section of the park and learns DeWald and Sanderson are using Wonder World as a front for a counterfeiting ring. DeWald was at the chop shop in Detroit to collect mint paper stored in the truck. That evening, Axel meets with Uncle Dave to ask him about further details to find a piece of viable evidence; and discovers that Frye's warning letter is actually written on a sheet of the stolen mint paper. Before he can make use of that evidence, Uncle Dave is shot and wounded by DeWald; and Axel is framed for his shooting.After getting away from DeWald and bringing Uncle Dave to a hospital, Axel sets out to prove his innocence by storming the park; calling Rosewood and Flint to assist him. The ensuing shootout kills the rest of DeWald's henchmen and leaves Axel, Rosewood, and Flint injured; after a hand-to-hand fight Axel kills DeWald, avenging Todd.In the meantime, Sanderson is killed by Agent Fulbright; who then appears before Axel to explain that he was right. Axel realizes that the agent is involved with the counterfeiters, so he fatally shoots him after a brief struggle. Later, Axel, Rosewood, and Flint attend a special event at Wonder World; where Uncle Dave—having made a full recovery—thanks Axel for his assistance by creating a new character for Wonder World with his name—"Axel Fox"—while Axel begins a relationship with Janice.
389	Black Beauty (1994)	Adventure, Children's	Black Beauty narrates his own story. He is born on a farm in the English countryside during the 19th century and remains by his mother's side until he is sent to Birtwick Park to serve Squire Gordon and his family.Lady Gordon, the squire's sick wife, is pleased by the beautiful horse and gives him his trademark name, Black Beauty. Beauty becomes smitten with the squire's cynical chestnut mare, Ginger, who rebuffs his attempts to be friendly. However, Beauty also befriends Merrylegs, a perky grey pony who gives rides to the squire's young daughters, Jessica and Molly.On a stormy night, Beauty is pulling a carriage holding the squire and his caretaker, John Manly, home from town. Sensing danger, he refuses to cross a partially flooded bridge. When John tries to pull him to move, Beauty steadfastly refuses. When the bridge finally gives way, crashing into the river, John slips and falls in, but manages to hang on to Beauty's bridle. Beauty and the squire save John, and they again head off back home. Joe Green, who works in the stable, volunteers to look after Beauty that night. Joe's lack of knowledge about horses causes him to give Beauty ice cold water to drink and to neglect to dry him off or cover him with a rug overnight, which causes Beauty to fall sick. The following few days John, Joe, and the squire treat and nurse Beauty, and he recovers.Lady Gordon's illness gets worse, and she is taken to a doctor in a carriage pulled by Beauty and Ginger. When they stop at an inn for the night, the barn where the horses are being kept catches on fire due to a carelessly dropped pipe. Luckily, Joe rescues the horses. Lady Gordon's doctor orders her to leave England for a warmer place because her illness is so severe. The squire and his family bid a sad goodbye to John, Joe, and the beloved horses. Merrylegs is given to the vicar who promises never to sell the pony.Beauty and Ginger are taken to Earlshall Park, home of the Lord and Lady of Wexmire, and Joe bids a tearful goodbye to Beauty. Beauty and Ginger are paired up to pull Lady Wexmire's carriage, but she demands that the horses wear uncomfortable bearing reins to raise their heads high, which angers Ginger. When the next day Lady Wexmire orders the horse's heads be strapped up even further, Ginger breaks away from the carriage in a rage, leading to Lady Wexmire forbidding her any further use on her carriage-dragging. She is later used for racing by the Wexmire's son, who whips her heavily and strains her back.Reuben Smith, the horses caretaker, rides to town with Beauty to take a carriage to be repainted. He becomes drunk at the local tavern. Despite warnings from a blacksmith's apprentice, he nevertheless roughly rides Beauty home, who is losing one of his horse shoes. When the shoe finally falls off, Beauty stumbles and throws Reuben off the saddle, causing both rider and horse to suffer injuries. Both are found the next morning by Wexmire's men. Reuben is sacked from his job, and Beauty is later sold by Lord Wexmire due to his disfigured knees. Beauty is bought by a man who keeps horses for renting, but treats them terribly. He is eventually taken to a fair, where he briefly spots Joe, now a grown-up, but Joe doesn't notice him. Beauty's whinnies instead catch the attention of Jerry Barker, a taxi carriage driver from London, who is immediately taken by Beauty and buys him once successfully haggling the cost down to 17 guineas.Jerry introduces Beauty to his warm family - wife and two young children, who name him Black Jack. Though Beauty dislikes the harshness of London, he nevertheless likes his job as a taxi cab horse and Jerry's kind treatment of him. One day, Beauty spots and reunites with Ginger; she is now a cab horse who has suffered from years of abuse by her owner. Beauty begs for her not to give up, but too soon she is led away by her owner on a fare. Sometime later, Beauty spots her dead body on a wagon, her troubles finally over. One snowy night, Jerry has a dreadful cough that worsens as he's kept waiting for hours outdoors in the freezing weather for his passengers to leave a party. His condition then worsens and a doctor advises him to quit his job and move to the countryside. Beauty is reluctantly sold to a grain dealer where he's forced to pull heavy loads of flour. After two years of pulling heavy carts, he collapses from utter exhaustion.Beauty is taken to a fair to be sold, but he is now so weak and in such poor condition that many reject him. Then Farmer Thoroughgood and his grandson spot Beauty, and a young man sees him, too. Beauty realizes that the young man is Joe on recognizing his voice, and though he is hardly able to, he finds the strength and whinnies for his old friend and the two are finally reunited. Beauty lives the remainder of his life at Thoroughgood's farm with Joe, who promises that he will never sell Beauty.
390	Fear of a Black Hat (1993)	Comedy	Nina Blackburn, a sociologist who analyzes hip hop as a form of communication, chooses to make a documentary on the hardcore gangsta rap group called N.W.H. ("Niggaz With Hats") for her graduate thesis. The N.W.H. members are Ice Cold, the main rapper and the intelligent and vulgar backbone of the group; Tasty Taste, the ultra-violent secondary rapper who always seems to be armed with a variety of dangerous assault weaponry; and Tone Def, an esoteric DJ who is talented enough to scratch with his buttocks and his penis (the latter is not shown directly, but humorously implied).As Nina documents N.W.H. for a year, she becomes familiar with the band members, their beliefs, and their often strange behavior. The members wear outrageous headwear during their performances, because according to N.W.H., hats are a symbol of resistance and revolution since their hatless slave ancestors were too tired from working all day in the sun to revolt. This is a typical example of the bizarre logic the group uses to explain the deeper meanings behind their otherwise crude and base music and images.A running joke is N.W.H.'s use of over-the-top graphic language (e.g. sex, violence and rantings against the police), which their detractors see as a cheap means to sell records, but in their eyes is essential to conveying a "socially relevant message". They offer jaw-dropping explanations on why songs such as "Booty Juice" and "Come and Pet the P.U.S.S.Y." are in fact deep and socially significant, and that critics obviously do not truly understand the "real meaning". Throughout the movie, it is difficult to tell if the members of N.W.H. truly believe what they are saying, or are just portraying an image.A lot of time also goes into describing N.W.H.'s feud with another rap group, the Jam Boys. The groups constantly insult and discredit each other, sometimes resulting in the brandishing of weapons. At one point, N.W.H. brings to light evidence that the Jam Boys' lead rapper attended a prep school, directly threatening his street credibility. A macabre running gag involves their white managers dying under mysterious circumstances (the group originally insist that they "wasn't in town when the shit happened"). They explain to Nina that their first few managers were black—in fact, were their relatives—and that they decided switching to white managers would be better for their families and the black community.N.W.H.'s internal matters turn sour when Ice Cold wants to break away from the group because of his desire to participate in a film, and Cheryl C., a groupie, hooks up with Tasty-Taste. Although she is clearly more interested in his money than in him, Tasty lets her take over his life. When Tasty finds Cheryl and Ice Cold in bed, the group has an argument that leads to the dissolution of N.W.H., with each member launching a solo career. Ice dedicates himself to house music; Tasty makes a diss track in which he curses Ice; and Tone Def becomes a hippie (with obvious references to "flower rappers", such as P.M. Dawn). None of the guys sees much success until they ultimately reunite for a triumphant comeback in which their differences have been set aside, at least for the time being.
391	Last Action Hero (1993)	Action, Comedy	Ten-year-old Danny Madigan lives in a crime-ridden area of New York City with his widowed mother, Irene. Following his father's death, Danny takes comfort in watching action movies, especially a series featuring Los Angeles cop Jack Slater at a condemned movie theater owned by Nick. Nick gives Danny a golden ticket once owned by Harry Houdini and invites him to watch Jack Slater IV.During the film, the ticket stub transports Danny into the fictional world, interrupting Slater during a car chase. Slater takes Danny to the LAPD headquarters, where Danny points out evidence of the fictional nature of Slater's world, such as the presence of numerous attractive women and a cartoon cat detective named Whiskers. Danny says that Slater's friend John Practice should not be trusted as he "killed Mozart" (since he is played by the same actor as Antonio Salieri in Amadeus). Though Slater dismisses this as Danny's imagination, Slater's supervisor, Lieutenant Dekker, assigns Danny as his partner and instructs them to investigate criminal activities related to mafia boss Tony Vivaldi.Danny guides Slater to Vivaldi's mansion, recognizing its location from the start of the movie. There, they meet Vivaldi's henchman, Mr. Benedict. Vivaldi and Benedict killed Slater's second cousin, but Slater has no evidence and is forced to leave with Danny; however, Benedict is curious as to how Danny knew, and he and several hired guns follow Slater and Danny back to Slater's home. There, Slater, his daughter Whitney, and Danny thwart the attack, though Benedict gets the ticket stub and discovers that it can transport him into the real world.Slater deduces Vivaldi's plan to murder the rival mob by releasing a lethal gas. He and Danny go to stop it but are waylaid by Practice, who reveals that Danny was right: he is working for Vivaldi. Whiskers kills Practice, saving Slater and Danny, who prevent any deaths from the gas release. After Vivaldi's plan fails, Benedict kills him and uses the stub to escape into the real world, pursued by Slater and Danny.Slater becomes despondent upon learning the truth but cheers up after spending time with Irene. Meanwhile, Benedict devises a plan to kill the actor portraying Slater in the movie, Arnold Schwarzenegger, bring other movie villains into the real world, and take over. To help, Benedict brings the Ripper, the villain of Jack Slater III, to Jack Slater IV's premiere to assassinate Schwarzenegger.  Slater saves Schwarzenegger and kills the Ripper. Benedict shoots Slater, critically injuring him. Danny disarms Benedict, allowing Slater to shoot Benedict in his explosive glass eye, killing him; however, the blast causes the stub to be lost. With Slater losing blood, Danny knows the only way to save him is to return him to the fictional world, where his injury will become a flesh wound.The ticket stub falls in front of a theater playing The Seventh Seal, where The Figure of Death emerges from the screen. Death is curious: Jack Slater is missing from his lists of when people will die, and Danny is slated to die as a grandfather. Death then suggests searching for the other half of the ticket. Danny finds it and takes Slater back into his movie, where his wounds instantly heal. Danny returns to the real world before the portal closes. A recovered Slater embraces the true nature of his reality, appreciating the differences between the two worlds. Danny and Nick bond while reminiscing on their past, while Slater drives away on the screen, waving goodbye.
392	Man Without a Face, The (1993)	Drama	In 1968, Justin McLeod has been living an isolated existence as a painter for seven years, after a car accident that disfigured his face.Chuck Norstadt is a young boy who endures a contentious relationship with his academically brilliant sisters and their mother. One day, Chuck meets McLeod on a ferry when McLeod witnesses Chuck in an act of vandalism. Chuck needs a tutor to help him pass a military academy's entrance exam that he had failed earlier. Upon discovering that McLeod is a teacher, Chuck persuades him to become his tutor. While he is initially baffled by McLeod's unorthodox methods, the two eventually develop a close friendship.Chuck keeps his daily meetings with McLeod a secret to avoid being scorned for associating with a disfigured man whose past is shrouded in mystery. Ultimately, Mrs. Norstadt learns that her son has been visiting McLeod. She and the rest of the town convince themselves that McLeod is sexually molesting Chuck, despite Chuck's denials. Chuck researches McLeod's car accident, which involved the death of another boy, thus causing McLeod's fear of another attachment.Chuck confronts McLeod and learns that the youth who was killed in the car crash was his student. Consequently, McLeod was unjustly branded a pedophile, was convicted of involuntary manslaughter, and served three years in prison. Once his relationship with Chuck is openly known, McLeod is run out of town and ordered by the authorities not to have any contact with Chuck, who enters the military academy.At mail call, he is given back the letters he had sent to McLeod, which were marked undeliverable. Chuck returns to McLeod's house only to find it empty except for a painting he had done of Chuck that summer and a letter explaining that McLeod has moved on. He wishes the best for Chuck in his academic goals, also thanking him for the gift of grace he'd been given. Afterwards, Chuck is shown graduating from the military academy as his family looks on. He sees a familiar figure in the distance and recognizes it as his "faceless" tutor. They silently greet each other.
393	Mrs. Doubtfire (1993)	Comedy	Freelance voice actor Daniel Hillard lives in San Francisco and is a loving and devoted father to his three children: 14-year-old Lydia, 12-year-old Chris, and five-year-old Natalie. However, his hardworking wife Miranda considers him immature and unreliable. After quitting a gig following a disagreement over a morally questionable script, Daniel throws Chris a chaotic birthday party, despite Miranda's objections due to Chris's poor grades. In the ensuing argument, Miranda says that she wants a divorce. Due to Daniel's unemployed and homeless status, Miranda is granted sole custody of the children, with Daniel having visitation rights every Saturday; shared custody is contingent on Daniel finding a steady job and suitable residence within the next three months.Daniel secures an apartment and a job as a shipping clerk at a television station. After learning that Miranda seeks a housekeeper, Daniel secretly alters her classified ad form and calls her using his voice acting skills to pose as various undesirable applicants before calling as "Euphegenia Doubtfire" (a name he derives from a newspaper headline), an elderly British nanny with strong credentials. Impressed, Miranda invites Mrs. Doubtfire for an interview. Daniel's brother, Frank, a makeup artist, and Frank's domestic partner, Jack, help Daniel appear as an old lady through the use of makeup and prosthetics.Miranda hires Mrs. Doubtfire following a successful interview. The children initially struggle under her authority, but eventually come around and thrive, while Miranda becomes more easygoing and closer with the kids. Daniel also further improves himself by becoming more responsible and learning several household skills, which earns him Miranda's respect. However, Miranda puts more trust in Mrs. Doubtfire than in Daniel, and cannot bring herself to dismiss her. Miranda also begins dating an old friend, Stu Dunmeyer. One night, after Daniel is discovered standing while urinating, he reveals the truth to Lydia and Chris, who agree to keep his secret so that they can keep spending time with their father.One day, the station's CEO, Jonathan Lundy, sees Daniel playing with props on the set of a recently canceled children's show. Impressed by his voice acting, humor, and imagination, Lundy invites Daniel to dinner to discuss plans for a new show. The meeting turns out to be at the same place and time as a planned birthday dinner for Miranda, to which Mrs. Doubtfire is invited. Daniel spends the night changing in and out of the Mrs. Doubtfire costume to attend both events. Becoming intoxicated, Daniel accidentally returns to Lundy in costume, but explains himself by saying that Mrs. Doubtfire is his idea for the new show's host. After learning that Stu is allergic to pepper, Daniel sneaks into the kitchen and seasons Stu's jambalaya with powdered cayenne pepper. When Stu begins choking, Daniel administers the Heimlich maneuver, which causes the prosthetic mask to slip off and expose his identity. Horrified, Miranda leaves with the kids.At their next custody hearing, Daniel says that he has met the judge's requirements ahead of schedule, explains that his actions were done out of love for his children, and begs to still be allowed to see them. The judge dismisses Daniel's words as another ruse, grants Miranda full custody of the kids, and further restricts Daniel's rights to supervised Saturday visits. This devastates Daniel, the children, and even Miranda, who realizes how her resentment and bitterness towards Daniel have been hurting the family. Without Mrs. Doubtfire, Miranda and the kids become miserable, acknowledging how much "she" improved their lives. They then discover that Daniel is hosting the new children's show, Euphegenia's House, as Mrs. Doubtfire, which becomes a nationwide hit.Miranda visits Daniel on set and admits that things were better when he was involved with the family as Mrs. Doubtfire. She arranges joint custody, allowing Daniel as himself to take the kids daily after school. As Daniel leaves with the kids, Miranda watches an episode of Euphegenia's House. In it, Mrs. Doubtfire answers a letter from a young girl whose parents recently separated, saying that no matter what arrangements families have, love will prevail.
394	Radioland Murders (1994)	Comedy, Mystery, Romance	In 1939, a new radio network based at station WBN in Chicago, Illinois, begins its inaugural night. The station's owner, General Walt Whalen, depends on his employees to impress main sponsor Bernie King. This includes writer Roger Henderson, assistant director Penny Henderson (Roger's wife, seeking divorce), page boy Billy Budget, engineer Max Applewhite, conductor Rick Rochester, announcer Dexter Morris, director Walt Whalen, Jr. and stage manager Herman Katzenback. After King commissions rewrites on the radio scripts, the WBN writers get angry, complaining that they have not been paid in weeks.When trumpet player Ruffles Reedy falls dead from rat poisoning, a series of events ensue. Director Walt Jr. is hanged (the mysterious killer makes it look like a suicide), and his father, the General, has the Chicago Police Department (CPD) get involved to solve the murder mysteries as the nightly radio performance continues. Katzenback is killed after attempting to fix the main stage when the machinery malfunctions. Penny is appointed stage manager and director due to Walt Jr. and Katzenback's deaths. Roger tries to solve the killings, which greatly annoys the police, led by Lieutenant Cross.Because Roger unfortunately appears at every crime scene just as the murders take place, he is ruled as the prime suspect. Roger and Billy Budget then theorize that announcer Dexter Morris is the next to die. Dexter ignores their warning and is fatally electrocuted. By going through private documents in WBN's file room, Roger finds that the victims all previously worked together at a radio station in Peoria, Illinois, which he then correlates into a secretive FCC scandal. King (laughing gas) and General Whalen (falls down an elevator shaft) are the next to die after Roger's warning, making the police even more suspicious.After escaping custody, Roger uses Billy to communicate and send scripts to Penny. When rewriting one of the programs, Gork: Son of Fire, Roger attempts to write the script with self-referential events, proving to everyone that the mysterious killer is sound engineer Max Applewhite. Max explains that his killings were a revenge scheme that dealt with stockholders and patents, explicitly detailing his invention of television, which other scientists have copied. Max takes Roger and Penny atop the radio tower at gunpoint, but is eventually killed when a biplane shows up and guns him down. Impressed by the nightly performance, the sponsors decide to fund WBN. Roger and Penny reconcile their complex relationship and choose not to divorce.
395	Robin Hood: Men in Tights (1993)	Comedy	Robin of Loxley is captured during the Crusades and is imprisoned in Jerusalem. With the help of fellow inmate Asneeze, he escapes and frees the other inmates. Upon returning to England, Robin finds Asneeze's son, Ahchoo, and discovers that Prince John has assumed control while King Richard is away fighting in the Crusades. Richard is unaware that the prince is abusing his power. Robin returns to his family home, Loxley Hall, only to find it being repossessed by John's men. His family's blind servant, Blinkin, informs Robin that his family is dead, and his father left him a key which opens "the greatest treasure in all the land."Robin recruits Little John and Will Scarlet O'Hara to help regain his father's land and oust Prince John from the throne. On his quest, Robin attracts the attention of Maid Marian of Bagelle, who wants to find the man who has the key to her Everlast chastity belt. They are also joined by Rabbi Tuckman, who shares with them his sacramental wine and bargain circumcisions.While Robin is training his band of tights-clad Merry Men, the Sheriff of Rottingham hires the mafioso Don Giovanni to assassinate Robin at the Spring Festival. They plan to hold an archery tournament to attract Robin. Maid Marian hears of the plot, and sneaks out of her castle to warn Robin, accompanied by her heavyset, German lady-in-waiting, Broomhilde.At the archery tournament, a disguised Robin makes it to the final round, but loses after his arrow is split in two by his opponent. Confused that he lost, Robin reviews the movie's script to discover that he gets another shot. Giovanni's assassin attempts to kill Robin by shooting at him from Royal Folio Depository with a scoped crossbow, but Blinkin catches the arrow in midair. Robin then takes the second shot, this time using a special "PATRIOT arrow", hitting the target. Robin is arrested, with Marian promising to marry the Sheriff to spare his life.Robin and the Merry Men interrupt the wedding between the Sheriff and Maid Marian. She is carried off to the tower by the Sheriff, who wants to deflower her but cannot open her chastity belt. Robin arrives and duels the sheriff, during which Robin's key falls into the lock of Marian's chastity belt.After winning the fight, Robin spares the Sheriff's life, only to miss his sheath and accidentally run the Sheriff through. The witch Latrine, Prince John's cook and adviser, saves him by giving him a magical Life Saver in exchange for marriage. Before Robin and Marian can attempt to open the lock, Broomhilde arrives, insisting they get married first. Rabbi Tuckman conducts the ceremony, but they are suddenly interrupted by King Richard, recently returned from the Crusades, who orders Prince John to be taken away to the Tower of London and made part of the tour.Robin and Marian are married, and Ahchoo is made the new sheriff of Rottingham. That night, Robin and Maid Marian attempt to open the chastity belt, only to discover that even with the key, the lock won't open. The film ends with Robin calling for a locksmith.
396	Serial Mom (1994)	Comedy, Crime, Horror	Beverly Sutphin appears to be an unassuming upper-middle-class housewife living with her dentist husband Eugene and their teenage children, Misty and Chip, in Towson, Maryland. In truth, she is a serial killer who murders people over trivial slights or offenses.One morning, detectives Pike and Gracey question the family about the vulgar telephone harassment of their neighbor, Dottie Hinkle. It is later revealed that Beverly is the perpetrator, and began harassing Dottie after she took a parking space from Beverly. Later that day, Beverly vengefully runs over Chip's math teacher, Mr. Stubbins, with her car after he condemns Chip's interest in horror films at a PTA meeting. Later, Misty is upset when her crush, Carl, stands her up for a date. Beverly spots Carl with another girl at a swap meet and fatally stabs him with a fire poker.Eugene discovers serial killer memorabilia beneath his and Beverly's mattress, which includes recordings from Ted Bundy in the week of his execution. During dinner that evening, Chip mentions his friend Scotty's suspicions about Beverly being the killer. Beverly leaves, leaving the family afraid that she intends to kill Scotty in order to silence him. They race to Scotty's house; Beverly, however, intends to kill Ralph and Betty Sterner, a couple who had called Eugene to treat the former's toothache on a day Eugene and Beverly planned to spend birdwatching. She stabs Betty with scissors and pushes an air conditioner from the window onto Ralph. The rest of the family and the police arrive at Scotty's house, only to find him masturbating to a porn film.Police follow the Sutphins to church on that Sunday as Beverly is named as the prime suspect in the Sterners' murders. The service abruptly ends when everyone flees in panic after Beverly sneezes; in the confusion, Beverly escapes as police attempt to arrest her. She hides at the video store where Chip is employed. Chip encounters regular customer Mrs. Jenson and fines her for neglecting to rewind her rented videotapes before returning them, whereupon she insults him. Beverly follows her home and fatally strikes her with a leg of lamb as she watches Annie. Scotty witnesses the attack nearby, but Beverly discovers him and gives chase, eventually concluding at a heavy metal bar. Beverly immolates Scotty during a rock concert. The Sutphins arrive as Beverly is arrested.Beverly's trial becomes a media sensation. Beverly's lawyer claims that she is not guilty by reason of insanity, but is promptly dismissed when Beverly asks to defend herself. Beverly proves to be formidable when she systematically discredits every witness against her by exploiting their own vices or otherwise casting doubt on their testimony. Luann Hodges, the only witness who actually saw her commit a crime, is intoxicated and thus unable to provide credible testimony. The courtroom is distracted by the arrival of Suzanne Somers, who has been cast as Beverly in a television film.Beverly is acquitted of all charges. She expresses contempt for juror #8 for wearing white shoes after Labor Day. Beverly follows her to a payphone alcove and fatally strikes her with the receiver. Somers angers Beverly into an outburst while attempting to pose for a photo op. The juror's body is then discovered and Beverly gives Somers a knowing look.A postscript states that Beverly Sutphin refused to cooperate with the making of this film.
397	Striking Distance (1993)	Action	Pittsburgh homicide detective Thomas Hardy turns in his partner and cousin, Jimmy Detillo, for using excessive force, which in turn causes him to become alienated by the majority of his fellow officers. Thomas and his father, Vincent, later receive a call indicating that the Polish Hill Strangler, a serial killer who Tommy believes is an officer, was spotted driving nearby. As Tom and Vince pursue the killer, their vehicles collide and roll down an embankment. After regaining consciousness, Tom learns that Vince was shot dead and the killer escaped. Police arrest criminal Douglas Kesser as the Strangler. Later, Jimmy jumps off the 31st Street Bridge; his body is never located.Two years later, an alcoholic Tom has been reassigned to the River Rescue Squad. He was demoted after telling a reporter that he believed the Strangler was a policeman. Called to the scene of a body dump, Tom finds the victim is an ex-girlfriend. He is assigned a new partner, Jo Christman. After a nurse is abducted, Tom receives a call similar to the ones left by the Strangler. Detective Eddie Eiler, who holds a grudge against Tom for testifying against Jimmy, states on TV the murder was committed by a copycat. Tom is met with opposition by his uncle, Captain Nick Detillo, after suggesting that the Strangler returned. Tom steals the Strangler file from the precinct to conduct an unauthorized investigation. The body of another of Tom's ex-girlfriends is later found.Tom is invited to the Policemen's Ball by Jo, where a tussle occurs between Tom and the hostile officers. Jo takes Tom home where they proceed to have sex while being observed by an unseen person.The next morning, Tom and Jo stumble upon someone dumping what appears to be a wrapped body off a bridge. Tom destroys the suspect's car with a flare gun, but the unidentified individual escapes on foot. Divers retrieve the bundle only to find it merely a group of rugs. Tom and Jo are humiliated by their peers. Later that night in bed, the lovers share their suspicions that the killer dumped the rugs to discredit them. Jo then confesses that she was previously married and now has a four-year-old daughter. Meanwhile, Eiler informs Nick that he suspects Tom of the murders. Nick discloses that Tom has been under scrutiny by Internal Affairs. During a court hearing to have Tom removed from the force, it is revealed that Jo's real name is Emily Harper, a Pennsylvania State Police investigator probing Tom for evidence of misconduct. Emily perjures herself, and Tom goes free.That evening, Emily is kidnapped while Tom finds the body of another victim (this time a coworker from River Rescue) outside his houseboat. Thinking that Jimmy's brother Danny has been committing the murders out of revenge, Tom heads upriver to the Detillo family cabin. Just as Danny arrives, someone tases Tom unconscious. Tom awakens to find himself, Danny, and Emily handcuffed to chairs. The killer turns out to be Jimmy, who survived the fall into the river. Jimmy is about to kill Emily when Nick walks in and tells Jimmy to turn himself in. It was revealed two years back, Nick arrived at the crash site, confronted the killer, and was horrified to find it was Jimmy. Jimmy begged Nick to let him go, which he did. Vince pried himself out of the wreckage and aimed at the fleeing killer, unaware that it was Jimmy. Nick tried to stop him and, in the ensuing struggle, accidentally shot Vince dead.Jimmy shoots Nick and fights with Danny, giving Tom a chance to free himself. As the police close in, Jimmy flees in Tom's motorboat with Tom in pursuit. The two fight and fall into the Ohio River, where Tom kills Jimmy with the taser. Tom is later reinstated as a detective and visits Vince's grave with Emily and her daughter Sarah, putting a wreath on it.
398	Super Mario Bros. (1993)	Action, Adventure, Children's, Sci-Fi	Following the impact of a meteorite into Earth 65 million years ago, the universe is split into a pair of parallel dimensions. Surviving dinosaurs escape into the new dimension, evolving into a humanoid race and founding a city known as Dinohattan. In 1973, a mysterious woman leaves a large egg and a fragment of the meteorite at a Catholic orphanage in Brooklyn, New York City. The egg hatches into a baby girl.Twenty years later, Italian-American brothers Mario and Luigi working as plumbers in Brooklyn are close to being driven out of business by mafioso Anthony Scapelli's construction company. Luigi meets Daisy, a New York University archaeology student who shows him she has been excavating for dinosaur bones under the Brooklyn Bridge. There, they witness Scapelli's cronies sabotaging it by leaving the water pipes open. Mario and Luigi fix it, but Iggy and Spike—henchmen and cousins of President "King" Koopa, the illegitimate leader of the other dimension—kidnap Daisy after mistakenly kidnapping other girls, including Mario's girlfriend, Daniella. The duo pursues them through an interdimensional portal to Dinohattan, where they lose track of Daisy and her necklace, which is stolen by Big Bertha, the bouncer of a local nightclub.Daisy learns she is descended from dinosaurs and the long-lost princess of the other dimension. Her father, the king, was devolved by Koopa, then a general in the king's army, into a fungus that has since spread across Dinohattan; her mother, the queen, took her to Brooklyn, only to be crushed to death when the portal was sealed. Iggy and Spike realize that they lost Daisy's necklace, which contains a fragment of the meteorite that will allow it to merge the dimensions. They believe only Daisy can do so because of her royal heritage. Mario and Luigi break out of the city's local prison and go to rescue Daisy, aided by the fungus as well as Toad, a good-natured guitarist who was devolved into a Goomba, a semi-humanoid dinosaur, as punishment for his protests against Koopa. Daisy's escape attempt is aided by Yoshi, a pet of the royal family, and Iggy and Spike, who decide to turn on Koopa following their cousin's use of the (d)evolution gun to enhance their intelligence. While Luigi rescues Daisy, Mario saves Daniella and the other girls who were mistaken for the princess.Koopa's jealous girlfriend, Lena, tries unsuccessfully to murder Daisy, then obtains the fragment with plans to overthrow him, but is killed when she merges the dimensions. In Brooklyn, Koopa attempts his takeover, but Luigi and Daisy remove the fragment from the meteorite, and the dimensions separate. Toad gives Mario and Luigi handheld devolution devices, and they defeat Koopa by devolving him into a Tyrannosaurus rex, then primeval slime. Daisy's father is evolved back to normal and regains his position. The citizens celebrate and immediately destroy anything involving Koopa. Daisy decides to stay in Dinohattan and kisses Luigi goodbye as she opens the portal for him and Mario to return home.Three weeks later, the Mario brothers are heralded as heroes. Daisy arrives at Mario and Luigi's apartment in Brooklyn and asks them to help her on a new mission.
399	Three Musketeers, The (1993)	Action, Adventure, Comedy	In 1625, young-but-skilled fencer D'Artagnan sets off for Paris, France in hopes to follow in his murdered father's footsteps and become a member of the musketeers: the personal guard of the King of France. He is pursued by Gérard and his brothers, accused of blemishing their sister's honor. Meanwhile, Captain Rochefort of the Cardinal's Red Guards disbands the musketeers per the orders of Cardinal Richelieu, the King's Minister, ostensibly to help fight in an impending war with England. Rochefort informs Richelieu that three of the musketeers refused to relinquish their duties: Athos, Porthos, and Aramis.Upon reaching Paris, D'Artagnan "rescues" the queen's handmaidens from their own bodyguards, and after a scolding, takes a liking to one, Constance. In the city D'Artagnan encounters each of the Three Musketeers separately, unaware of their identities or association, resulting in a separate duel arranged with each. At the arranged location, Athos, Porthos and Aramis reveal themselves as musketeers. Before they can duel, a Captain of the Cardinal's Guard arrives with four other guards to arrest the musketeers; although D'Artagnan is not sought by the guards, he allies with the musketeers during the skirmish. The Musketeers kill four guards, while D'Artagnan outduels the Captain, who falls to his death. Impressed but displeased at D'Artagnan's involvement, the musketeers leave D'Artagnan behind after encouraging him to flee and maintain his innocence. When Rochefort and more of the Cardinal's Guards arrive, D'Artagnan is captured.D'Artagnan escapes his cell and eavesdrops on a conversation between Richelieu and the mysterious Milady de Winter, where the Cardinal plots to supplant the King, tasking Milady with delivering a secret treaty to George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham. D'Artagnan is caught by Rochefort without having seen Milady's face. Richelieu orders him executed for refusing to give up the musketeers' location, but he is saved at the chopping block by the musketeers. As they flee via the Cardinal's personal carriage, D'Artagnan reveals Richelieu's plans; they decide to intercept the spy at Calais and retrieve the treaty to prove Richelieu's guilt. The Cardinal then sends out a bounty on all four men using carrier pigeons.While on the journey, Athos tell D'Artagnan of his past when he married a woman branded with a Fleur-de-lis. During a skirmish with mercenaries out for the bounty, the party splits up; D'Artagnan rides ahead to Calais, but passes out from exhaustion and is found by Milady de Winter. He wakes in a bed stripped of his weapons and clothes as Milady tries to seduce him. D'Artagnan speaks openly of his plans, not knowing she is the spy. She attempts to kill him, but he convinces her to keep him alive. As her party boards the boat to England, they discover the crew dead and are confronted by the musketeers. Milady attempts to run away but is stopped by Athos, who is revealed to have been her first husband, but betrayed her to the authorities when he found out she was branded a murderer, as well as Armand de Winter, Milady's brother-in-law who sought to capture her for killing his brother. The musketeers retrieve the treaty and Milady is sentenced to death for murdering her second husband, Lord de Winter; just before she is executed, Athos begs her forgiveness. Moved by his compassion, she reveals the Cardinal's plans to assassinate the king at his birthday celebration, then throws herself off a cliff to her death.Athos, Porthos, and Aramis send missives to rally the rest of the musketeers. Richelieu and Rochefort hired a sharpshooter; during the assembly, D'Artagnan interrupts the sniper's shot, which narrowly misses the king. The musketeers reveal themselves, and Richelieu blames them for the attempted assassination.As the three face off with the Cardinal's guards, men rush to their aid and reveal themselves as musketeers. The two forces battle as Richelieu takes the king and queen hostage, shooting Aramis in the chest before fleeing to the dungeon, however, his crucifix stopped the bullet and all three musketeers rush through the prisons in pursuit. D'Artagnan duels Rochefort and is disarmed; as Rochefort gloats about having killed D'Artagnan's father, Constance retrieves and throws him his sword and D'Artagnan promptly kills Rochefort.Porthos encounters the deformed jailer and slays him. Athos and Porthos arrive just as Richelieu's boat leaves on an underground river, with Richelieu vowing to return. The boatman then reveals himself as Aramis, who takes out the guards and moves to apprehend the Cardinal, but King Louis punches Richelieu himself, knocking him into the river.The musketeers are reinstated by the king, and D'Artagnan is offered anything he wants; he chooses to serve Louis as a musketeer and is granted a blue tunic, joining the ranks. Outside the musketeer headquarters, Gérard and his brothers arrive and challenge D'Artagnan to a duel; Porthos reminds him that musketeers not only protect King and country, but also each other. Gérard and his brothers are then chased off by the entire musketeer division.
400	Little Rascals, The (1994)	Children's, Comedy	Spanky McFarland is the president of the "He-Man Womun  [sic] Haters Club" with many school-aged boys from around the neighborhood as members. His best friend, Alfalfa, has been chosen as the driver for the club's prize-winning undefeated go-kart, "The Blur", in the annual Soap Box Derby style race. However, when the announcement is made, Alfalfa is nowhere to be found.The boys catch Alfalfa in the company of Darla. The club's members try their hardest to break the two apart, eventually causing their beloved clubhouse to burn down. Darla is mistakenly led to believe Alfalfa feels ashamed of her, so she turns her attention to Waldo, the new rich kid whose family just moved into town after his father, an oil tycoon, bought the oil refinery. Spanky, Stymie and friends judge Alfalfa's punishment to be left guarding the go-kart around the clock until the day of the race (in addition, he is also forbidden from ever having any contact with Darla). Until that day comes, Alfalfa makes many attempts to woo back Darla including a visit to her ballet rehearsal, an undelivered love letter, and through serenade, all of which fail.In order to rebuild their clubhouse, the boys try to fund-raise the cost of lumber, $450, but the youngest ones, Porky and Buckwheat, have unwittingly come up with $500. Their school teacher, Miss Crabtree, finds out about the scheme, but Spanky convinces her to use the funds as prize money for the go-kart derby. Later that day, Alfalfa and Spanky get into a heated argument when Alfalfa finds out that Spanky is the reason for his breakup with Darla which causes Alfalfa to quit as a club member."The Blur" is stolen by local bullies Butch and Woim. In addition to having to rebuild the clubhouse, the boys now need a new soapbox racer. They band together to build "The Blur 2: The Sequel." Prior to race day, Spanky and Alfalfa reconcile and decide to ride in the two-seat go-kart together. They hope to win the prize money and the trophy, to be presented to the victors by "the greatest racer of all, A.J. Ferguson."Butch and Woim make several sneaky attempts to stop Alfalfa and Spanky from winning the race. Waldo, who (seemingly) kicks out Darla from his race car, pulls a few tricks of his own. "The Blur 2" crosses the finish line ahead of the pack (and resulting in a photo-finish between "The Blur" and "The Blur 2" literally "by a hair" due to Alfalfa's cowlick), despite the many scrapes and crashes throughout the derby. When Butch and Woim try to fight with Alfalfa, he knocks Butch into pig slop, with Woim throwing himself in.Along with first prize, Alfalfa also wins back Darla's heart after it turns out that Darla kicked Waldo out of the car instead of the opposite. Spanky, meanwhile, is shocked at the trophy presentation when he finally meets his favorite driver, A.J. Ferguson, whom he learns is a woman. Spanky also confesses to Darla that he was responsible for making her and Alfalfa break up, as he feared that she was trying to steal his best friend and sabotage their club, realizing he was wrong and apologizes to both Alfalfa and Darla. As soon as the club house is rebuilt, the boys collectively have a change of heart toward membership and welcome Darla and friends to their club, with "Women Welcome" added to the sign.At the end of the movie, it is revealed that Uh-Huh can say more than simply "Uh-Huh." The movie closes with bloopers from the kids while filming.
401	Brady Bunch Movie, The (1995)	Comedy	Larry Dittmeyer, an unscrupulous real estate developer, convinces all the families in his neighborhood — except for the Brady family—to sell their property as part of a plan to turn the area into a shopping mall.The Bradys, who still live as if it were the 1970s, have their own problems. Jan is jealous of her elder, popular sister Marcia. Cindy is tattling about everything she hears. Greg is dreaming of becoming a singer, but sings pop songs more appropriate to the 1970s. Peter is undergoing puberty, and his voice is starting to break. He is exposed to numerous stimulation through sex education and his very attractive teacher, Miss Linley. He is also trying to win the affection of the girl he loves, Holly, but thinks his shy and awkward personality prevents him from doing so. Bobby is excited about his new role as a hall monitor at school.Cindy gives Mike and Carol a tax delinquency notice (mistakenly delivered to the Dittmeyers) stating that they face foreclosure on their house if they do not pay $20,000 in back taxes. The two initially ignore the crisis, but when Mike's architectural design (which is exactly the same as their house) is turned down by two potential clients, he tells Carol that they may have to sell the house.Cindy overhears this and tells her siblings. They look for work to raise money to save the house, but their earnings are nowhere near enough to reach the required sum. Mike sells a Japanese company on one of his dated designs, thereby securing the money, only for Larry to sabotage it by claiming that Mike's last building collapsed.On the night before the Bradys have to move out, Marcia suggests they enter a "Search for the Stars" contest, the prize of which is $20,000. Jan, having initially suggested this and been rejected, runs away from home. Cindy sees her leave and tattles, and the whole family searches for her. They use their car's citizens' band radio, and their transmission is heard by Schultzy, a long-haul trucker who picks up Jan and convinces her to return home.The next day, the children join the "Search for the Stars" contest. Peter finally builds the confidence to stand up to Eric Dittmeyer, Peter's tormentor and Holly's boyfriend. This earns him a kiss from Holly, which gives him a deep masculine voice. The children's dated performance receives a poor audience response compared to the more modern performances of other bands. However, the judges — Davy Jones, Micky Dolenz, and Peter Tork of The Monkees — vote for them, and they win the contest as a result. The tax bill is paid, and their neighbors withdraw their homes from the market, foiling Larry's plan and securing the neighborhood.Carol's mother arrives and finally convinces Jan to stop being jealous of Marcia, only for Cindy to start feeling envious of Jan.
402	Ghost (1990)	Comedy, Romance, Thriller	Banker Sam Wheat and his artist girlfriend Molly Jensen move into a Tribeca loft with the help of Sam's best friend and co-worker Carl Bruner. One night, the couple are attacked on the street by a mugger, and though Sam appears to chase him away, he returns to a devastated Molly cradling his bloodied corpse and realizes he has died. A bright beam of light shines down on Sam, but he stays with Molly and the light disappears.As a ghost, a despondent Sam remains by Molly's side, but is unable to interact with the physical world, and other ghosts he encounters are unhelpful. Sometime later, the mugger breaks into their apartment. Molly returns unexpectedly and Sam scares her cat, which can see him, causing it to attack the mugger, who flees. While pursuing the mugger, Sam is attacked by a hostile ghost on the subway train who can touch physical objects. Sam follows the mugger back to his apartment, learning his name, Willie Lopez, and that Sam was deliberately targeted.Sam later encounters Oda Mae Brown, a charlatan psychic medium, but he realizes she can hear him and demands she help him warn Molly. Though reluctant to help, Oda Mae agrees after Sam keeps her awake with his singing. Despite her intimate knowledge of Sam's and Molly's relationship, Oda Mae struggles to convince Molly the afterlife is real until Sam has Oda Mae say "ditto", his response whenever Molly said she loved him. Molly tells the police and Carl about Willie, but the police dismiss the story and disclose Oda Mae's extensive history of fraud, leaving Molly disheartened.Meanwhile, Sam follows Carl and learns that he hired Willie to rob Sam of his book of bank passwords. Carl needs the passwords to launder $4 million in drug money through an account held by the fictional "Rita Miller" for his criminal employers. He breaks into Molly's apartment, takes the book, and later attempts to seduce her until an enraged Sam inadvertently knocks over a picture frame. Sam returns to the subway and convinces the hostile ghost to teach him to focus his emotions and reliably interact with the physical world.Sam visits Oda Mae, who has become popular with ghosts trying to contact the living, and convinces her to pose as Rita Miller to withdraw the drug money, which she reluctantly donates to charity; Molly witnesses the transaction while visiting the bank. As Carl panics over the missing money and death threats from its owners, Sam uses his abilities to torment him. Carl visits Molly to discuss the haunting and she unwittingly reveals Oda Mae withdrew the money. While Molly is upstairs, Sam attacks Carl until he threatens to murder Molly if the money is not returned that night. Carl and Willie travel to confront Oda Mae, but Sam warns her to hide before terrorizing Willie, causing him to run into a road and be struck by a car. Shadowy figures appear and drag Willie's screaming ghost away.Oda Mae and Sam return to Molly's apartment, where he levitates a penny to convince her he is truly present. After Molly calls the police, Oda Mae allows Sam to possess her so he can dance with Molly. However, the possession leaves him weakened and unable to help when Carl breaks into the apartment. Carl takes Molly hostage and demands the money but Sam recovers in time to attack him. In a panic, Carl swings a suspended metal hook towards Sam and tries to escape through a window, but the hook swings back and shatters the window pane, causing a large shard of glass to impale and kill him. Sam watches as the shadowy figures drag Carl away.As Sam checks on Molly and Oda Mae, the beam of light returns, allowing them both to see and hear him. Sam thanks Oda Mae for all her help and shares a kiss with Molly, telling her he loves her. She responds, "ditto", before Sam walks into the light.
403	Batman (1989)	Action, Adventure, Crime, Drama	Newspaper reporter Alexander Knox and photojournalist Vicki Vale investigate sightings of "Batman", a masked vigilante targeting Gotham City's criminals. Both attend a fundraiser hosted by billionaire Bruce Wayne, who is secretly Batman, having chosen this path after witnessing a mugger murder his parents when he was a child. During the event, Wayne becomes infatuated with Vale.Meanwhile, mob boss Carl Grissom sends his sociopathic second-in-command Jack Napier to break into Axis Chemicals and retrieve incriminating evidence. However, this is secretly a ploy to have Napier murdered for carrying on an affair with Grissom's mistress, Alicia Hunt. Corrupt Gotham City police lieutenant Max Eckhardt arranges the hit on Napier by conducting an unauthorized raid on Axis Chemicals. However, Commissioner James Gordon learns of the raid and takes command, ordering the officers to capture Napier alive. Batman also appears, while Napier shoots and kills Eckhardt as revenge for the double-cross. During a scuffle with Batman, Napier topples off a catwalk and falls into a vat of chemicals. Although presumed dead, Napier survives with various disfigurements including chalk white skin and emerald-green hair and nails. He undergoes surgery to repair the damage, but ends up with a rictus grin. Driven insane by his hideous appearance, Napier, now calling himself "the Joker", kills Grissom, massacres Grissom's associates, and takes over his operations.The Joker begins terrorizing Gotham by lacing various hygiene products with "Smylex" – a deadly chemical that causes victims to die laughing. Joker soon becomes obsessed with Vicki and lures her to the Flugelheim Museum, which his henchmen vandalize. Batman rescues Vicki, takes her to the Batcave, and provides her with all of his research on Smylex, which will allow Gotham's residents to escape the toxin. Conflicted with his love for her, Wayne visits her apartment intending to reveal his secret identity, only for the Joker to interrupt the meeting. Joker asks Wayne, "Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?", which Wayne recognizes as the phrase used by the mugger who murdered his parents. He shoots Wayne, who survives by hiding a serving tray underneath his shirt.Vicki is taken to the Batcave by Wayne's butler, Alfred Pennyworth, who had been coaxing the relationship between the pair. After Vicki learns his secret, Wayne chooses to battle the Joker for the sake of the city over their relationship. He then departs to destroy the Axis plant used to create Smylex. Meanwhile, Joker lures Gotham's citizens to a parade honoring Gotham's bicentennial with the promise of free money. This turns out to be a trap designed to dose them with Smylex gas held within giant parade balloons. Batman foils his plan by using his Batwing to remove the balloons, but Joker shoots him down. The Batwing crashes in front of a cathedral, which Joker uses to take Vicki hostage. Batman pursues the Joker, and in the ensuing fight, he identifies Napier killed his parents and thus, indirectly created Batman. Joker eventually pulls Batman and Vicki over the cathedral's roof, leaving them hanging while he calls for a helicopter piloted by his goons, who throw down a ladder for him to climb. Batman uses a grappling hook to attach Joker's leg to a crumbling gargoyle that eventually falls off the roof. Unable to bear the statue's immense weight, Joker falls to his death while Batman and Vicki make it to safety.Sometime later, Gordon announces that the police have arrested all of Joker's men, effectively dismantling the remains of Grissom's organizations, and unveils the Bat-Signal. Batman leaves the police a note, promising to defend Gotham should crime strike again, and asking them to use the Bat-Signal to summon him in times of need. Alfred takes Vicki to Wayne Manor, explaining that Wayne will be a little late. She responds that she is not surprised, as Batman looks at the signal's projection from a rooftop, standing watch over the city.
404	Pinocchio (1940)	Animation, Children's	In a sleepy village in Italy, Jiminy Cricket arrives at the shop of a woodworker and toymaker named Geppetto, who creates a puppet he names Pinocchio. As he falls asleep, Geppetto wishes upon a star for Pinocchio to be a real boy. Late that night, the Blue Fairy visits the workshop and brings Pinocchio to life, although he remains a puppet. She informs him that if he proves himself to be brave, truthful, and unselfish, he will become a real boy. When Jiminy reveals himself, the Blue Fairy assigns him to be Pinocchio's conscience. Geppetto awakens upon hearing the commotion from Pinocchio falling, and is overjoyed to discover that he is alive and will become a real boy.The next morning, while walking to school, Pinocchio is led astray by con artist fox Honest John and his sidekick Gideon the Cat. Honest John convinces him to join Stromboli's puppet show, despite Jiminy's protestations. Pinocchio becomes Stromboli's star attraction, but when he tries to go home, Stromboli locks him in a bird cage and leaves to tour the world with Pinocchio. After Jiminy unsuccessfully tries to free his friend, the Blue Fairy appears, and an anxious Pinocchio lies about what happened, causing his nose to grow and become a tree branch with a bird's nest. The Blue Fairy restores his nose and frees Pinocchio when he promises to make amends, but warns him that she can offer no further help.Meanwhile, a mysterious Coachman hires Honest John to find disobedient and naughty boys for him to take to Pleasure Island, a notorious and infamous place. Honest John, despite the legal risks and the Coachman's implication of what happens to the boys, accepts the job out of fear, and finds Pinocchio, persuading him to take a vacation on Pleasure Island. On the way to the island, Pinocchio befriends Lampwick, a delinquent boy. At Pleasure Island, without rules or authority to enforce their activity, Pinocchio, Lampwick, and many other boys soon engage in vices such as vandalism, fighting, smoking and drinking. Jiminy eventually finds Pinocchio in a bar smoking and playing pool with Lampwick, and the two have a falling out after Pinocchio defends Lampwick for his actions. As Jiminy tries leaving Pleasure Island, he discovers that the island hides a horrible curse that transforms the boys into donkeys after making "jackasses" of themselves, and they are sold by the Coachman into slave labor. Pinocchio witnesses Lampwick transform into a donkey, and with Jiminy's help, he flees before he can be fully transformed himself, though he still has a donkey's ears and tail.Upon returning home, Pinocchio and Jiminy find Geppetto's workshop deserted, and obtain a letter from the Blue Fairy in the form of a dove, stating that Geppetto had sailed to Pleasure Island in search for Pinocchio, but got swallowed by a gigantic and vicious sperm whale called Monstro and is now trapped in its belly. Determined to rescue his father, Pinocchio jumps into the Mediterranean Sea with Jiminy and is soon swallowed by Monstro, where he reunites with Geppetto. Pinocchio devises a scheme to make Monstro sneeze and allow them to escape, but the whale chases them and destroys their raft with his tail. Pinocchio selflessly pulls Geppetto to safety in a cove just as Monstro crashes into it and Pinocchio is killed.Back at home, Geppetto, Jiminy, Figaro, and Cleo mourn Pinocchio. Having succeeded in proving himself brave, truthful, and unselfish, Pinocchio is revived and turned into a real human boy by the Blue Fairy, much to everyone's joy. As the group celebrates, Jiminy steps outside to thank the Fairy and is rewarded with a solid gold badge that certifies him as an official conscience.
405	Mission: Impossible (1996)	Action, Adventure, Mystery	After finishing a mission in Kiev, IMF agent Jim Phelps and his latest team are sent to Prague to stop rogue agent Alexander Golitsyn from stealing the CIA's NOC (non-official cover) list, which reveals the identities of all their undercover agents in Europe. However, the list is stolen, and the team is killed one by one, along with Golitsyn, leaving Jim's pointman Ethan Hunt the only survivor.During a debriefing with IMF director Eugene Kittridge in a restaurant, Ethan realizes that another IMF team was present during the mission and that the operation was a setup to lure out a mole within the IMF with the help of Golitsyn, who was posing as the rogue agent. The mole is believed to be working with an arms dealer named "Max" as part of "Job 314". Realizing that Kittridge suspects he is the mole, Ethan escapes, using a plastic explosive disguised as chewing gum.After returning to the Prague safe house, Ethan realizes "Job 314" actually refers to Bible verse Job 3:14, with "Job" being the mole's code name. Jim's wife Claire, who faked her death during the mission, arrives and explains that before his death, Jim warned her that they were compromised, which enabled her escape. Ethan arranges a meeting with Max to warn her that her NOC list is fake and that it is equipped with a tracking device. Despite Max's initial skepticism, they escape a raid by Kittridge's team. Ethan convinces Max that he can obtain the actual NOC list for $10 million and Job's true identity.Ethan and Claire recruit two disavowed IMF agents, high-level hacker Luther Stickell and pilot-turn-traitor Franz Krieger. They infiltrate CIA headquarters in Langley, steal the authentic list in an elaborate heist, and escape to London. Krieger takes the magneto-optical disk containing the list, but Ethan tricks him into giving it up before giving it to Luther for safekeeping. Kittridge has Ethan's mother and uncle falsely arrested to lure Ethan out. After learning about the arrests, Ethan contacts Kittridge from a payphone, intentionally allowing the IMF to trace the call. Jim resurfaces unexpectedly, recounts surviving the shooting, and tells Ethan that Kittridge is the mole. However, Ethan has already realized that Jim is the mole after discovering that the Bible he used in Prague was taken from Chicago's Drake Hotel, where Jim was stationed on a previous assignment. Ethan pretends to believe Jim and arranges to exchange the list with Max aboard the TGV train to Paris, secretly inviting Kittridge to the meeting.On the train, Ethan directs Max to the list, and she sends him to the baggage car where the money and Job are located. Meanwhile, Luther sabotages Max's upload of the list to her servers. Claire goes to the car to collect her share of the money from Jim but realizes he is Ethan in disguise. When the real Jim arrives and takes the money at gunpoint, Ethan sends a live video of the confrontation to Kittridge, exposing Jim as the mole. Claire tries reasoning with her husband, but Jim kills her and subdues Ethan. Jim climbs to the train's roof and attempts to flee with Krieger in a helicopter using a rope, but Ethan hooks it onto the train, forcing the helicopter into the Channel Tunnel. He uses another piece of explosive to destroy the chopper, killing Jim and Krieger. Kittridge takes Max into custody and recovers the NOC list from Luther. As he and Luther are reinstated in the IMF, Ethan is unsure about returning to the team. On the flight home, an attendant approaches him and covertly offers him the chance to take on a new mission as team leader.
406	Thinner (1996)	Horror, Thriller	Billy Halleck is an obese upper class lawyer who lives with his wife Heidi and their daughter Linda in Connecticut. He recently defended Mafia boss Richie "The Hammer" Ginelli in court and is now celebrating his acquittal on a murder charge. Heidi, trying to persuade him to forget about his obsession with food, tries to give Billy oral sex as he is driving. Distracted, Billy accidentally runs over an elderly Romani woman named Suzanne Lempke, killing her. He is tried and acquitted of manslaughter by his friend Judge Cary Rossington after getting police chief Duncan Hopley to commit perjury.Outraged by the injustice, Suzanne's father, Tadzu Lempke, places a curse on Billy on the steps of the courthouse by touching his face and uttering "thinner". Soon afterward, Billy begins to lose weight rapidly despite not exercising or sticking to his diet. Heidi, fearing the weight loss may be due to cancer, calls Dr. Mike Houston, with whom Billy begins to suspect his wife is having an affair. Billy eats even more fervently so he does not starve. Billy learns that Rossington and Hopley have also been cursed; Rossington is now a hideous lizard-like being, while Hopley develops purulent ulcers on his face and hands. Both men ultimately commit suicide. Billy tracks down the Romani camp and tries to reason with Tadzu; Tadzu refuses to help and banishes him from the camp. Gina, Tadzu's granddaughter, uses her slingshot to shoot a large ball bearing which goes through Billy's hand, infuriating him into vowing revenge against the Romani.Billy enlists Ginelli to attack the Romani camp and persuade Tadzu to lift the curse. Ginelli poisons the Romani's dogs before kidnapping Gina's husband and using him as a decoy, thus tricking the Romani into killing him. Ginelli impersonates an FBI agent and kidnaps and threatens Gina. To spare his family from Ginelli's onslaught, Tadzu finally agrees to meet with Billy. Chanting a spell, Tadzu mixes Billy's blood into a strawberry pie. He states that if someone else eats the pie, the curse will kill them quickly and Billy will be spared. He urges Billy to eat the pie himself and die with dignity, but Billy refuses. Billy arrives home and gives Heidi the pie, which she eats. The next morning, Billy finds her desiccated corpse next to him. He is gleeful to be free of the curse and of what he believes is his disloyal wife. However, when he goes downstairs, he discovers that his daughter has eaten some of the pie for breakfast. Wracked with guilt, he prepares to eat the rest, only to be interrupted by Mike at the door. Mike grows uncomfortable and struggles to explain his unannounced presence, seemingly confirming Billy's suspicions of an affair. Billy invites Mike in for some pie and closes the door with a smirk.
407	Spy Hard (1996)	Comedy	Secret agent WD-40 Dick Steele embarks on a mission, along with the mysterious and lovely Veronique Ukrinsky, Agent 3.14, to rescue the kidnapped Barbara Dahl and stop the evil genius, General Rancor, from seizing control of the entire world.Rancor was wounded in an earlier encounter and no longer has arms. However, he can "arm" himself by attaching robotic limbs with various weapons attached. Steele is approached by an old friend, agent Steven Bishop, who unsuccessfully tries to recruit him out of retirement. However, when a news report Steele is watching reveals that Bishop has been killed, Steele returns to the agency. Steele is given his new assignment by The Director, who also is testing out a variety of elaborate disguises. At headquarters, Steele encounters an old agency nemesis, Norm Coleman, and flirts with the Director's adoring secretary, referred to as Miss Cheevus.On the job, Steele is assisted by an agent named Kabul, who gives him rides in a never-ending variety of specially designed cars. They seek help from McLuckey, a blond child left home alone, who is very good at fending off intruders. Steele resists the temptations of a dangerous woman he finds waiting for him in bed. But he does work very closely with Agent 3.14, whose father, Professor Ukrinsky, is also being held captive by Rancor.Everything comes to an explosive conclusion at the General's remote fortress, where Steele rescues both Barbara Dahl and Miss Cheevus and launches a literally disarmed Rancor into outer space, saving mankind.
408	Close Shave, A (1995)	Animation, Comedy, Thriller	Wallace and his dog, Gromit, operate a window cleaning business. Wallace falls for the wool shopkeeper Wendolene Ramsbottom. Her sinister dog, Preston, rustles sheep to supply the shop. After a lost sheep wanders into the house, Wallace places him in his Knit-o-Matic, which shears sheep and knits the wool into jumpers. Wallace names the sheep Shaun.Preston steals the Knit-o-Matic blueprints. When Gromit investigates, Preston captures him and frames him for the sheep rustling. Gromit is arrested and imprisoned, while Wallace's house is inundated with sheep. Wallace and the sheep save Gromit and hide out in the fields. Wendolene and Preston arrive in the lorry to round up the sheep. When Wendolene demands Preston stop the rustling, he locks her in the lorry with the sheep and drives away, intent on turning them into dog food.Wallace and Gromit give chase on their motorcycle. When Gromit's sidecar detaches, he activates its aeroplane mode and resumes the chase from the air.  Wallace becomes trapped in the lorry and he, Wendolene, and the sheep are transported to Preston's dog food factory, where Preston has built an enormous Knit-o-Matic. The captives are loaded into the wash basin, but Shaun escapes. Shaun activates neon signs to reveal the factory's location to Gromit, who attacks Preston. Shaun sucks Preston into the Knit-o-Matic, removing his fur. Wendolene reveals that Preston is a robot created by her deceased inventor father, and his behaviour is a result of him malfunctioning.When the Knit-o-Matic dresses Preston in a sweater made of his fur, he inadvertently hits the controls, and the group become poised to fall into the mincing machine. Shaun pushes Preston into the machine, crushing him. Gromit is exonerated and Wallace rebuilds Preston as a harmless remote-controlled dog. Afterwards, Wallace is saddened when Wendolene leaves and tells him that she is allergic to cheese. When he tries to cheer himself up with some cheese, he finds that Shaun has eaten it all.
409	Jack (1996)	Comedy, Drama	During a costume party, guest Karen Powell goes into labor and is rushed to the hospital by her husband Brian and their friends. The baby boy, named Jack, inexplicably looks full-term and healthy despite having been born in the 10th week of gestation. Medical exams reveal that Jack suffers from a unique condition that results in him growing four times faster than normal.Ten years later, at age 10, Jack has the body of a 40-year-old man. One day, four boys are lurking outside of his house, intrigued by rumors of a monster inhabiting it. Jack scares them away by dipping a fake eye into slime and throwing it at them from his window. Jack has grown childish due to this secluded life, having socialized only with his parents and his tutor, Lawrence Woodruff, who suggests that he attend school. Jack's parents initially reject the suggestion, fearing that school could be traumatic to him, but they eventually agree.When he first attends school, Jack is rejected by most kids due to his appearance. His father gives him some encouragement by installing a basketball hoop to help him learn to fit in. One day, a boy named Louis picks him for his team to play basketball, and they end up winning against some bullies. After school, Louis asks Jack to pose as the principal to avoid punishment from his mother, Dolores. Afterward, they become friends and Louis invites him to a clubhouse with the other kids, eventually enlisting him to get adult items for them.Jack develops his first crush on Miss Marquez, his teacher, but, when she rejects him, he becomes deeply saddened and collapses going down the stairs. At the hospital, Jack is revealed to have begun developing cardiovascular problems, a sign that he is aging. Realizing the dangers that it might entail for his health, his parents decide to withdraw him from school, which upsets him.Jack sneaks out of the house and goes to a bar, where he gets drunk, befriends a man named Paulie and tries to hit on Dolores. However, he gets into a fight with an angry man at the bar, and both are arrested. Dolores bails out Jack and comforts him after dropping him off at home. He locks himself in his room and does not come out for weeks. Karen speculates that Jack realized the fragility of his life and is now scared of facing the outside world again.Meanwhile, his friends continue to come to his house, hoping that he will come out and play, but he refuses. Finally, Louis manages to lure Jack out of the house by bringing over the entire class, spending the day playing in the front yard. The next day, Jack decides to return to school.Seven years later, an elderly-looking Jack and his four best friends are at their high-school graduation. He delivers the valedictorian speech, reminding those in attendance that life is short, and he encourages his classmates to make the best of it as they all head into the future.
410	Kingpin (1996)	Comedy	In 1979, in Ocelot, Iowa, bowling prodigy Roy Munson leaves home to pursue a professional career. In his debut, he defeats narcissistic pro bowler Ernie McCracken. Seeking revenge, McCracken convinces Roy to help him hustle local amateur bowlers for extra cash. When their scheme is discovered, McCracken escapes, leaving Roy behind with their victims, who destroy Roy's bowling hand in a ball return, ending his career.Seventeen years later, in Scranton, Pennsylvania, Roy is a cynical, scheming alcoholic, who wears a prosthetic rubber hand, and whose surname has become synonymous with failure and squandered potential. At a bowling alley, Roy meets naive Ishmael Boorg, a member of the local Amish community. Roy immediately recognizes Ishmael's bowling talent and offers to help him turn professional, but Ishmael declines, as his community frowns on his hobby. After Roy is forced to have sex with his elderly landlady to pay his rent, he sees an advertisement for a bowling tournament in Reno, Nevada, offering a $1 million prize. Roy infiltrates Ishmael's community to convince him to enter the tournament—he agrees after learning his family's farm is going to be seized by the bank.Under Roy's coaching, Ishmael improves rapidly, and the pair earn money through local tournaments and hustles, including defeating wealthy bowling enthusiast Stanley Osmanski. Stanley assaults his girlfriend Claudia after she mocks his loss, and threatens to kill Roy for using counterfeit money to bet on their game. Roy, Ishmael, and Claudia flee, journeying together towards Reno. Roy and Claudia develop a combative relationship, each accusing the other of exploiting Ishmael. Their hostility eventually escalates into a fistfight, during which Ishmael runs away.While searching for him, Roy and Claudia inadvertently drive through Ocelot. The pair bond after Roy confesses that he never returned to his hometown—not even for his father's funeral—out of shame for failing to live up to his father's expectations. They continue their journey and eventually find Ishmael, rescuing him from forced servitude as an exotic dancer.In Reno, the trio encounters McCracken, now a national bowling superstar. McCracken reveals a past relationship with Claudia and mocks Roy, provoking Ishmael, who breaks his bowling hand attempting to punch him. Later, Stanley confronts Claudia, and she leaves with him—taking all the money the trio earned during their journey. Ishmael convinces Roy to take his place in the tournament. Using his rubber hand, Roy gradually regains his confidence and wins the crowd's support, earning the nickname "The Rubber Man." He advances to the televised finals against McCracken, but Ishmael's brother arrives to take him back home. Left alone, Roy is devastated when McCracken wins the tournament by a single pin.Days later, Stanley confronts Roy, claiming that Claudia has run off with his money and had been calling McCracken repeatedly. Roy angrily denies any involvement with McCracken—whom he had blamed for his failures—but now accepts that he is responsible for the loss of his hand and the state of his life. Stanley leaves to confront McCracken.Some time later, Roy has returned home and discarded all his alcohol. Claudia arrives and explains that she left with Stanley to stop him from pursuing Roy and Ishmael, then led him after McCracken, hoping to get some revenge. She confesses her feelings for Roy, who reveals that although he lost the tournament, he earned $500,000 from an endorsement deal with Trojan condoms as "The Rubber Man." They visit Ishmael's family and recount the moral strength and decency he showed throughout their journey—qualities that helped change them for the better. Roy gifts his earnings to the Boorgs to save their farm before driving off with Claudia.
411	Nutty Professor, The (1996)	Comedy, Fantasy, Romance, Sci-Fi	Sherman Klump, a morbidly obese and kind-hearted professor at Wellman College, has created an experimental formula that reconstructs the DNA of an obese person in a way that will help them lose weight easily. Sherman goes on a date with Carla Purty, a chemistry graduate who looks up to his work, to a club called The Scream. He is ruthlessly mocked for his weight by an insult comic, Reggie Warrington. This influences him to test his serum on himself the next morning, losing 250 pounds within seconds. He initially celebrates the weight loss, but later finds the effects of the serum are only temporary. Sherman adopts a false identity, "Buddy Love", and invites Carla out on a date at The Scream again. Reggie is present again, and Buddy takes revenge for Sherman by heckling him mercilessly, topping it off with a sardonic interpretation of Minnie Riperton's "Lovin' You" on a piano. Sherman's "Buddy" persona starts to develop an independent personality due to the heightened testosterone levels of the transformation, gradually changing from his regular good-natured, kind, self to obnoxious, perverted, arrogant and cruel. This transformation is seen by Sherman's lab assistant, Jason.Buddy's identity also takes over Sherman's job and all the credit for his work. He meets Dean Richmond and a wealthy businessman, Harlan Hartley, the latter planning to donate $10 million to the science department. Buddy shows the serum, which impresses Hartley and Dean Richmond to the point where they invite him to the Alumni Ball the next night. Carla catches Buddy flirting with three women and dumps him out of disgust; the following morning, she finds the reverted Sherman with the women and breaks off their friendship as well. After being fired as a professor, Sherman attempts to stop the alter ego by destroying all of the serum samples, which he does with Jason's help. However, Buddy, having anticipated this, has laced a sample of the serum in one of Sherman's diet shake cans, which Sherman drinks, causing him to transform into Buddy again. He then knocks Jason out.Jason discovers Buddy's testosterone levels are at a lethally high level and gets to the ball in the middle of Buddy's demonstration of the serum. Buddy plans to drink the serum to get rid of Sherman permanently, resulting in a fight between the two identities. Sherman overcomes Buddy and reverts to his regular self before admitting his misdeeds to the shocked audience, including his parents and Carla. As he tries to leave, Carla stops him and asks why he lied; he says he did not believe that she would accept him for who he is. Carla forgives Sherman and invites him to dance with her. Jason presents Sherman with a tuxedo that will fit him. Richmond rehires Sherman, and Hartley, impressed by Sherman's brilliance and genuine nature, donates the grant to Wellman. Sherman's mother cheers him on as he dances with Carla.
412	Very Brady Sequel, A (1996)	Comedy	One evening, a man claiming to be Carol's long-lost first husband Roy Martin, shows up at the 1970s-trapped suburban Brady residence. This causes Carol to faint. The Bradys believe his story about suffering from amnesia and having plastic surgery after being injured. Mike has been planning a surprise second wedding/renewal of vows for himself and Carol for their anniversary present, and Roy's arrival throws the Bradys into chaos. Throughout Roy's stay he is openly hostile to the Bradys, albeit with his sarcasm and insults completely going over their heads.Peter, who is trying to decide on a career path, begins to idolize and emulate Roy which gets him into trouble at the architecture firm where Mike works. Peter later mentions Roy talking about "the big house" and Mike, who learns that it means prison, starts becoming suspicious.Greg and Marcia both want to move out of their shared rooms and when neither wants to back down, they have to share the attic together. When Roy's arrival suggests that Carol and Mike might not be married, Greg and Marcia wonder whether they are not technically related. This leads them to separately realize they are in love with each other, which they try to hide from one another.Bobby and Cindy start a "Detective Agency" to hunt down her missing doll. Upon finding it, they stumble upon a photograph revealing the truth about Roy: he is actually a conman named Trevor Thomas, there to steal a familiar horse statue that is actually an ancient artifact worth $20 million.The kids reveal Trevor's plans to Carol and confront Trevor who, realizing his cover is blown, kidnaps Carol, taking her with him to Hawaii, where he plans to sell the artifact to a buyer named Dr. Whitehead, and ties Alice and the kids up to keep them from intervening. Mike, who's now fully aware of Trevor's deception, alerts the police, frees Alice and the children, and the family flies to Hawaii to save Carol and foil Trevor's plans.In Hawaii, Carol manages to escape from Trevor and finds her way to Dr. Whitehead's estate before Trevor gets there. It turns out Trevor was responsible for the boating accident that led to the disappearance of Dr. Whitehead's son Gilligan and Carol's first husband, a professor. In Dr. Whitehead's words, "The Minnow is lost", and he refuses to pay Trevor for the horse. Trevor attempts to hold Dr. Whitehead and Carol at gunpoint for payment, but Mike and the family arrive just in time to intervene and, after a brief scuffle between the two men, Mike quickly gains the upper hand, and subdues Trevor, who is subsequently arrested.Dr. Whitehead offers to pay the Bradys the $20 million for the horse but Mike declines the offer, claiming it's a symbol of their togetherness. Cindy gives him her doll to console him - after almost losing her mother, she has outgrown it. Jan, who made up a pretend boyfriend named George Glass in order to make herself seem more popular, meets a real boy named George Glass during the family's trip to Hawaii, and they become a couple.As Mike and Carol renew their vows in a ceremony held at their home, Marcia agrees to let Greg have the attic to himself until he goes to college, and the two share one last on-screen kiss before returning to being brother and sister. The movie ends with Carol tossing the bouquet, and a genie named Jeannie arriving just in time to catch it. She then claims to be Mike Brady's first wife, much to Mike and Carol's dismay. This causes Carol to faint once again.
413	Tales from the Crypt Presents: Bordello of Blood (1996)	Horror	= After fighting with his sister Katherine, Caleb Verdoux goes to a dive bar, where an odd man named Jenkins tells him of a brothel hidden in a funeral home. Caleb and his friend Reggie visit the address, where they are forced at gunpoint by mortician McCutcheon to climb into a coffin and sent through a furnace with a secret trap door leading to said brothel, unaware the prostitutes are all vampires led by Lilith. A prostitute named Tallulah seduces Reggie, whom Lilith kills before vampirizing Caleb. When the police fail to find Caleb, Katherine reluctantly hires cynical and sarcastic private investigator Rafe Guttman, who tracks Caleb's trail to the bar, where Caleb's friends direct him to the funeral home. After a tip from Jenkins, Rafe revisits the funeral home that night. Initially, it appears as just a funeral home. Rafe overhears Lilith interview a woman, Tamara, followed by Tamara's scream and a body hitting the floor. He finds Caleb's nose ring and escapes. The next day he takes it to Katherine and tells her he's going to stake out the funeral home that evening. Unbeknownst to Rafe, the funeral home conceals a corrupt organization run by Reverend J.C. Current. Rafe is admitted into the brothel and approached by the now-vampirized Tamara, whom he tricks into letting him strap her to a torture rack so he can investigate further, finding Jenkins decapitated in a coffin. While fleeing, Rafe drops his wallet, allowing Lilith to find his address. Having tasted Rafe's blood, Lilith takes an interest and tries to seduce him. When Katherine arrives, Rafe follows and describes the brothel's activity to her. They alert the police, who dismiss Rafe as a fraud due to lack of evidence. Meanwhile, Vincent destroys the key, freeing Lilith. As Katherine reviews footage where she confronted Lilith, she notices Lilith is not in the shot. Realizing that Rafe might be right, she calls him over. Caleb calls for help, asking them to meet him at the power plant. Upon arrival, they discover the vampirized Caleb and flee, but Rafe falls out a window, landing on the police chief's car. The vampires catch Katherine and return her to the brothel. Awakening in a hospital, Rafe is nearly killed by Tamara, who is posing as a nurse, but exposes her to sunlight, killing her. Katherine awakens and begs Caleb to free her, who refuses, too ingrained as Lilith's servant and having fully embraced his newfound vampiric lifestyle. Lilith prepares to feed on Katherine while Caleb watches. Rafe loads up on Super Soakers filled with holy water and raids the brothel, killing Vincent and McCutcheon. He meets up with Current, who, having realized his error and attempting to rectify it, has brought stakes and mallets to kill the vampires. Current tells Rafe that Lilith's heart must be removed from her body and quartered, as before she was found. Rafe gives him a spare water gun and the two enter the brothel and spray the vampires, including Caleb and Tallulah, who burn and explode. They find Lilith, who mortally wounds Current and flees after Rafe attacks her with an axe. Rafe finds Katherine, and they head to Current's church to reveal the existence of vampires with its media equipment. Lilith returns, handcuffs Rafe to a railing, and attacks Katherine. Rafe uses a nearby laser to hit Lilith in the heart, quartering it. However, as the pieces remain in her body, Lilith remains alive. As Lilith devolves into a hideous form (her true form) and attacks Rafe, Katherine grabs a candle stand and stabs out Lilith's heart. After Lilith's body burns and collapses to the ground, the two consecrate her remains with the help of Rabbi Goldman and lock away the box with the heart pieces. Later, in his car, Rafe fondles Katherine, which she seems oddly more accepting of now, having been disgusted by him earlier. He notices the scent she's wearing. She remarks, "It's not perfume. It's sunblock." When he pulls back her skirt, he notices bite-marks on her thigh, indicating that Katherine had been vampirized by Lilith while hostage. She then flashes her fangs and bites Rafe in the neck.
414	My Favorite Year (1982)	Comedy	Through narration, Benjy Stone recalls the week (in his "favorite year" of 1954) when he met his idol: film actor Alan Swann, known for appearing in swashbuckler films during the 1930s and 1940s.During television's early days, Benjy works as a junior comedy writer for a variety show called Comedy Cavalcade starring Stan "King" Kaiser that is broadcast live from the NBC studios at 30 Rockefeller Plaza. Swann, well past his prime, is booked as a guest star and arrives at the studio drunk. Kaiser nearly removes Swann from the show until Benjy intervenes, promising to keep Swann sober during the week preceding his scheduled appearance.With help from Swann's chauffeur Alfie, Benjy continuously monitors Swann. They learn much about each other, finding out that they each have family whom they want to remain out of the spotlight. Benjy's mother is married to Filipino former bantamweight boxer Rookie Carroca, and Benjy has many other relatives who embarrass him. Swann's young daughter Tess has been raised entirely by her mother, one of his many ex-wives. He rarely visits but secretly keeps tabs on her, unable to muster the courage to reconnect with her.During the week of rehearsals, Kaiser is threatened by gangster Karl Rojeck, a corrupt union boss who objects to being parodied on the show. Disruptive events, ambiguous between real sabotage and random accidents, are noted after Kaiser belligerently insists on performing the "Boss Hijack" sketch.Benjy clumsily and enthusiastically courts K.C. Downing, a pretty assistant to producer Leo Silver. Swann mentors Benjy, and Benjy is unable to prevent the drunken star from crashing a party at the home of K.C.'s affluent parents as they find themselves in the wrong apartment.The night of the show, Swann suffers a panic attack after Benjy informs him that the program is broadcast live, not filmed as Swann had expected. Swann gets drunk and flees the studio. Benjy angrily confronts him, telling Swann that he always believed that he was the swashbuckling hero whom he had watched on the silver screen and that deep down, Swann possesses those qualities.As the "Boss Hijack" sketch gets under way, Rojeck's men appear backstage and attack Kaiser. The fight spills onto the stage during the broadcast, and the audience believes it is part of the sketch. Swann and Benjy observe the melee from the balcony. Swann, dressed for a musketeer skit, grabs a rope and swings onto the stage and into action. He and Kaiser defeat the thugs together before the unwitting audience.Benjy narrates the epilogue, relating that Swann, his confidence bolstered, visited his daughter the next day, enjoying a heartfelt reunion.
415	Apple Dumpling Gang, The (1975)	Children's, Comedy, Western	In the Wild West in 1879, a slick gambler named Russell Donovan comes to the town of Quake City en route to open a casino in New Orleans. There, he meets his old associate, John Wintle, who is leaving for San Francisco and asks Donovan to sign for valuables coming in on the next day's stagecoach. Donovan accepts a down payment and promises to pick them up. The next day, he realizes he has been duped into taking care of three little orphans named Bobby, Clovis, and Celia Bradley. The stagecoach driver, Magnolia "Dusty" Clydesdale, explains that Wintle is in fact their relative and legal guardian. With him gone and Donovan promising to care for the "valuables", they are now his wards. The town's sheriff, barber, and justice of the peace, Homer McCoy, tells him that he is legally obligated unless he can have someone else take custody of them. The children cause Donovan much grief by offending all prospective new guardians. They wreak havoc in Quake City while riding in an old mine cart, destroying much private property. The townspeople demand that Donovan pay for the damage, costing him most of his funds for his trip to New Orleans.Donovan becomes the target of Amos Tucker and Theodore Ogelvie, former members of the Stillwell Gang who were ousted by their former boss, Frank Stillwell, for shooting him in the leg. They continuously try to rob Donovan during his stay in town with unsuccessful results.The children decide to help Donovan earn money by going to the gold mine that they inherited. They encounter Amos and Theodore at their hideout, who direct the children to the mine after mistaking them for a posse. The children discover a massive gold nugget in the mine, which incentivizes many people to adopt them as it would give them access to the gold. Fearing that these people would not have the children's best interests at heart, Donovan arranges a sham marriage with Dusty so she can keep custody of them while he goes to New Orleans. However, complications arise when Wintle returns. He heard of the nugget and schemes to regain custody of the children. His attorney has a court order demanding their immediate return. McCoy is forced to adhere to his demands.At the same time, Amos and Theodore attempt to steal the nugget from the local bank and escape to Mexico, but are unsuccessful. McCoy finds them guilty of attempted robbery and sentences them to hang to scare them out of town. They flee to their hideout.The Stillwell Gang enters town and plans to steal the nugget. Stillwell impersonates a priest to gain more information about the transportation of the nugget from Colonel T.R. Clydesdale, whom he coerces into disclosing the time and place the nugget will be moved. The children, who have grown attached to Donovan and Dusty, go to Amos and Theodore and give them permission to steal the nugget. If it goes missing, Wintle will have no more desire for the children and will return custody. The next day, the Stillwell Gang enters the bank and takes the nugget. Simultaneously, the children help Amos and Theodore rob the bank. They are recognized by Stillwell and almost killed. They are saved when one of the Stillwell Gang members starts a shootout with the lawmen and distracts Stillwell. He decides to leave the nugget and escape, taking Celia as a hostage. Donovan saves her with help from Dusty and they realize their love for each other. Amos and Theodore retreat to the bank's safe to escape from gunfire. Their dynamite is shot by one of the townspeople, obliterating the bank, and the nugget gets blown into many smaller nuggets.Wintle renounces his guardianship and leaves town. Stillwell's bounty is awarded to Donovan, giving him enough money for his casino in New Orleans. He buys a ranch for himself, Dusty, and the children instead. On their way to the ranch, a reformed Amos and Theodore catch up with the newfound family asking for work as farmhands, to which Donovan agrees.
416	Old Yeller (1957)	Children's, Drama	In the late 1860s, Jim Coates leaves his family—wife Katie, teenage son Travis, and small son Arliss—to sell cattle in Kansas. While Jim is away, Travis sets off to work in the cornfield, where he encounters a Black Mouth Cur he names "Old Yeller", as "yeller" is a dialect pronunciation of "yellow" and the dog's bark resembles a human yell. Travis unsuccessfully tries to shoo the dog away, while Arliss defends him. Yeller's habit of stealing meat from smokehouses and robbing hens' nests does not endear him to Travis, but his mother agrees with the idea of Arliss having a dog.Later, Arliss tries to capture a black bear cub by feeding it cornbread and grabbing it. Its angry mother hears her cub wailing and attacks, but Old Yeller frightens her away, winning over the family. Travis grows to love and respect Old Yeller, who comes to profoundly affect the boy's life.Bud Searcy and his daughter, Lisbeth, come for supper one day, and Lisbeth takes Travis aside to tell him Old Yeller has been stealing food all over the county. After she and Bud leave, Travis scolds Old Yeller, but the next day, Old Yeller proves himself as a cow dog by protecting Travis from Rose, their cow, and restraining her while Travis milks her.One day, Old Yeller's original master, Burn Sanderson, arrives looking for his dog. Realizing that the Coates family really needs Old Yeller, he agrees to trade him to Arliss for a horny toad and a home-cooked meal. Sanderson later takes Travis aside and warns him of the growing plague of hydrophobia (rabies).One day, Travis sets out to trap a family of feral hogs. Advised by Bud Searcy, he sits in a tree, trying to rope them from above as Old Yeller corners them. However, Travis then falls into the group of hogs and is attacked by one. Old Yeller defends Travis as he crawls away with an injured leg. Old Yeller is severely injured by the hog and Travis hides him in a large hole. Travis' mother then retrieves Old Yeller and uses mule hair to suture his wounds. As Old Yeller recovers, Searcy warns the Coates family of hydrophobia in the area but Katie chastises him for trying to scare Travis. Searcy leaves, and Lisbeth stays with the Coateses to help them harvest corn. Travis assures Katie that the hogs were not rabid, and both he and Old Yeller recover.Later, the family sees Rose stumbling and foaming at the mouth. Travis confirms that she is rabid and shoots her. While Katie and Lisbeth burn her body that night, a wolf suddenly attacks them. Katie's scream alerts Travis, who runs outside with a rifle, just in time to see Old Yeller fighting off the wolf. Travis successfully shoots the wolf, but not before Old Yeller is bitten by it. Katie tells Travis that because no healthy wolf would attack near a burning area, the wolf was rabid. Katie then suggests shooting Old Yeller, but Travis insists that they instead pen him in the corn crib to see if he shows symptoms of the disease. After remaining quarantined, the Coateses believe that Old Yeller escaped infection. One night, Travis goes to feed Old Yeller, only to notice he has rabies. Travis suspects that Old Yeller may have been infected but says nothing. Katie tells Travis that Old Yeller is suffering and brings the rifle with her. Travis takes it, reluctantly kills Old Yeller, and departs.Stricken with grief, Travis declines a new puppy sired by Old Yeller. Jim then returns with money and gifts for the family. Katie tells him about the dog, and Jim discusses it with Travis. Upon returning to the farmhouse, Travis observes the puppy stealing a piece of meat, a habit inherited from Old Yeller. Travis then accepts the puppy, "Young Yeller", as his new dog.
417	Parent Trap, The (1961)	Children's, Drama	Teenagers Sharon McKendrick and Susan Evers meet at a girls summer camp. Their identical appearance causes jealousy, resentment, and a rivalry in which they continually get each other into trouble and disrupt camp activities. As punishment, they must spend the remainder of the camp season rooming and dining together in isolation. They overcome their mutual dislike when they realize that they are identical twin sisters, whom their parents, Mitch and Maggie, separated upon divorcing shortly after their birth. Eager to meet the parents from whom they were separated, they decide to cut their hair identically, coach each other on their lives, and switch places.In Boston with their mother and grandparents, Susan poses as Sharon, while Sharon goes to Mitch's California ranch as Susan. Sharon learns that Mitch is engaged to a much younger woman, Vicky Robinson, who is interested only in Mitch's money and intends to send Susan to boarding school after the wedding. The girls communicate by phone at night. Susan tells Sharon to break up the couple, but when that fails, Susan decides to end the charade. After a happy reunion, Maggie brings her to California. Mitch is upset by Maggie's unexpected arrival, until he learns the truth and is reunited with both daughters. Vicky is jealous of Maggie, who is staying at the ranch.The girls scheme to reunite their parents by recreating Maggie and Mitch's first date. At first, the ex-spouses are drawn together, but then they argue over why they divorced. They make up before Maggie and Sharon are to leave the next morning, and Maggie wishes Mitch well with Vicky. To delay the return to Boston, the twins dress and act alike, so their parents cannot tell them apart. They refuse to reveal their identities unless the family takes a camping trip. Mitch and Maggie reluctantly agree, and Vicky, who loathes the outdoors, is furious. Maggie cajoles Vicky into taking her place, wanting to give Vicky a chance to become better acquainted with each twin.The twins take every opportunity to exploit Vicky's hatred of camping, pulling a series of pranks on her. That night, both sneak into her tent and pour honey over Vicky's feet and leave a small honey trail outside the tent. Vicki awakens the following morning to find two bear cubs licking the honey off her feet to which she has a tantrum over her hatred of the outdoors and the twins. She further says all the trouble she has been through does not make marrying Mitch for his money worth it and storms off.Back at the house, the twins apologize for their actions; Mitch accepts their apology and says they do not have to discuss the situation anymore. Maggie and Sharon prepare to return to Boston the next day, with the twins now resigned to seeing each other only during visits and shuttling back and forth between parents. Later, Mitch tells Maggie everything he misses about her and their marriage. They realize that they still love each other. The film ends with their second wedding, with Susan and Sharon as their bridesmaids.
418	Cinderella (1950)	Animation, Children's, Musical	Cinderella is the daughter of a widowed aristocrat living in the small but prosperous French kingdom. When she is a child, her father remarries Lady Tremaine, a widow with two daughters of her own, Anastasia and Drizella, but dies shortly after. Jealous of Cinderella's charm and beauty, Lady Tremaine and her daughters abuse her and eventually force her to become a scullion in her own château. As the years pass, Cinderella remains kind and gentle, obediently doing her chores. She also makes friends with the mice and birds that live in the château, and takes care of them, while protecting them from her stepmother's pet cat, Lucifer.One day, the King invites all the eligible maidens in the kingdom to a royal ball, hoping that his son, the Prince, will choose one of them as a bride. Wanting to attend, Cinderella finds a dress of her late birth mother's to fix up.  Fearing she will upstage them at the ball, Lady Tremaine and the stepsisters deliberately keep her busy with no time to spare. Jaq, Gus, and the other animals decide to fix up the dress for Cinderella, using beads and a sash discarded by the stepsisters. However, when Cinderella attempts to go to the ball with her family, the stepsisters are upset when they recognize their belongings and angrily tear the dress apart, before leaving Cinderella behind. A distraught Cinderella runs out to the garden in tears, where she is met by her fairy godmother, who has come to help. She transforms a pumpkin into a carriage; Jaq, Gus, and two other mice into horses; Cinderella's old horse Major into a coachman; and her bloodhound Bruno into a footman. The fairy godmother also bestows Cinderella a shimmering silver ball gown and glass slippers, but she warns her that all the magic will end on the stroke of midnight.Cinderella arrives at the ball, unrecognized by the stepsisters, although Lady Tremaine believes something is familiar about her. The prince is instantly smitten, so the King orders the Grand Duke to make sure the romance goes without a hitch. The duke prevents anyone from interfering as Cinderella and the Prince dance a waltz and wander out to the palace grounds, falling deeper in love. However, when Cinderella hears the clock tolling midnight, she runs away before she and the Prince can exchange names. Despite the efforts of the Grand Duke, Cinderella flees the palace, losing one of her glass slippers on the staircase. The palace guards pursue, but when the magic ends on the stroke of 12, Cinderella and the animals revert to their former appearances and hide in the woods. Cinderella discovers the other glass slipper is still on her foot, and takes it home with her.The Prince promises he will marry none but the girl who fits the glass slipper. The King orders the Grand Duke to try the shoe on every girl in the kingdom until he finds a match. When the news reaches the château, Cinderella is shocked to realize it was the Prince she met. Hearing Cinderella humming the waltz from the ball, Lady Tremaine realizes the truth and locks Cinderella in her attic bedroom. While the stepsisters unsuccessfully try on the slipper, Jaq and Gus steal the key back from Lady Tremaine and take it to Cinderella. Lucifer attempts to stop them, but the birds summon Bruno who scares him out of the house, and a freed Cinderella hurries to meet the Grand Duke. In a last effort to prevent Cinderella from overshadowing her daughters, Lady Tremaine deliberately causes the Grand Duke's footman to trip and break the glass slipper. Cinderella reveals she has the other slipper, much to Lady Tremaine's shock, which the Grand Duke places on her foot. Cinderella and the Prince are married, and share a kiss as they set off in a carriage and leave for their honeymoon.
419	Mary Poppins (1964)	Children's, Comedy, Musical	In 1910, Winifred Banks returns to her home in Edwardian London after a suffragette rally and learns that her children, Jane and Michael, have run away, "for the fourth time this week", which prompted their nanny, Katie Nanna, to quit her job. That night, Winifred's strict and ambitious husband George returns home from his job at the bank and places a newspaper advertisement for a stern, no-nonsense nanny. Jane and Michael present their own advertisement for a kind, sympathetic nanny, but George rips their letter and throws the scraps in the fireplace. A strong wind draws the scraps up through the chimney and into the sky.The next day, several sour-faced nannies await outside the Banks family's home, but a strong gust of wind magically blows them away. Jane and Michael then witness a young woman floating down from the sky, gracefully descending with an open umbrella. The woman enters the Banks family's home and introduces herself as Mary Poppins. To George's shock, Mary is holding the children's advertisement, and the scraps have been put back together. She agrees with the advertisement's requests, but promises George that she will be firm with his children. Mary manipulates George into hiring her. Upstairs, Mary helps the children magically clean their nursery.While walking in a park, the trio encounters Mary's friend Bert, a jack of all trades working as a street painter. Mary transports the group into one of Bert's drawings. While the children ride on a carousel, Mary and Bert sing while strolling. Bert and Mary then participate in a horse race, which Mary wins. Mary uses the nonsense word, "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious", to describe her victory. When a thunderstorm dissolves Bert's drawings, the group is returned to London. While putting the children to bed, Mary sings a lullaby.The next day, the trio and Bert visit Mary's odd uncle, Albert, whose uncontrollable laughter has caused him to float. George becomes annoyed by the household's cheery atmosphere and threatens to fire Mary. She persuades him to take the children to his workplace. That evening, Mary sings a lullaby about a woman who sells bird food on the steps of St. Paul's Cathedral. The next day at the bank, the children meet George's boss, the elderly Mr. Dawes Sr., who advises Michael to invest his tuppence in the bank, ultimately snatching the coins out of Michael's hand. Michael demands them back; other customers overhear the conflict, and they all begin demanding their own money back, causing a bank run.Jane and Michael flee the bank and get lost in the East End. Bert, now working as a chimney sweep, escorts them home. The three and Mary venture onto the rooftops, where Bert dances with other chimney sweeps. George later receives a phone call from the bank, requesting a meeting with him regarding Michael's actions. The children overhear the phone call and become concerned. Bert advises George to spend more time with Jane and Michael before they grow up. Hoping to make amends, Michael gives George the tuppence. Stricken with regret, George slowly walks through London to the bank, where he is given a humiliating cashiering. Lost for words, George exclaims "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious", tells a joke Albert had told the children, and happily walks home. When Mr. Dawes Sr. understands the joke, he floats up into the air, laughing.The next day, Mary Poppins tells the children she must leave. George mends his children's kite and takes the family out to fly it. At the park, the family encounters Mr. Dawes Sr.'s son, Mr. Dawes Jr., who reveals that his father died laughing at the joke. Mr. Dawes Jr. says his father had never been happier and gratefully rehires (and promotes) George. Mary watches the family and decides her work is done. As Mary flies away, Bert looks up and says, "Goodbye, Mary Poppins. Don't stay away too long."
420	Alice in Wonderland (1951)	Animation, Children's, Musical	In a park in England, a young girl named Alice listens distractedly to her sister's history lesson, and begins daydreaming of a nonsensical world. She spots a passing White Rabbit in a waistcoat, who complains of being late. Alice chases him into a burrow and plummets down a deep hole. Upon landing, she finds herself facing a tiny door, whose handle advises drinking from a bottle on a nearby table. She shrinks to an appropriate height, but has forgotten the key on the table. She then eats a cookie that causes her to grow excessively. Exasperated by these changes of state, she begins to cry and floods the room. She takes another sip from the bottle to shrink again, and rides the empty bottle through the keyhole. As Alice continues to follow the Rabbit, she encounters numerous characters, including Tweedledum and Tweedledee, who recount the tale of "The Walrus and the Carpenter". Alice tracks the Rabbit to his house; he mistakes her for his housemaid and sends her inside to retrieve his gloves. While searching for the gloves, Alice finds and eats a cookie and grows giant, getting stuck in the house. Thinking her a monster, the Rabbit asks the Dodo to help expel her. Before the Dodo can burn the house down, Alice escapes by eating a carrot from the Rabbit's garden and shrinking to three inches tall.Alice meets a garden of talking flowers who initially welcome her with a song, but then banish her, accusing her of being a weed. Alice then encounters a Caterpillar, who becomes enraged at Alice after she laments her small size (which is the same as the Caterpillar's). The Caterpillar turns into a butterfly and flies away after advising Alice to eat a piece from different sides of a mushroom to alter her size. Following a period of trial and error, she returns to her original height and keeps the remaining pieces on hand. In the woods, Alice gets stuck between multiple paths and encounters the Cheshire Cat, who suggests questioning the Mad Hatter or the March Hare. Taking her own path, Alice encounters both, along with the Dormouse, in the midst of an "unbirthday" celebration. Alice attempts to explain her predicament, but becomes frustrated by the Hatter and Hare's interruptions and absurd logic. The Rabbit appears and the Hatter attempts to repair his pocket watch, which results in its destruction, and the Rabbit is thrown out of the party. Alice abandons her pursuit and decides to go home, but gets lost in the Tulgey Wood.The Cheshire Cat appears to the despondent Alice and offers a path to the Queen of Hearts. In the Queen's labyrinthine garden, Alice witnesses the Queen – whom the Rabbit serves as a chamberlain – sentencing a trio of playing cards to execution for painting mistakenly-planted white rosebushes red. The Queen invites Alice to a croquet match, in which live flamingos, card guards, and hedgehogs are used as equipment, but the equipment rig the game in favor of the Queen. The Cheshire Cat reappears and plays a trick on the Queen, setting up Alice to be framed. The King spares Alice by suggesting a formal trial, in which the Cheshire Cat invokes more chaos by having Alice point him out, causing one of the witnesses – the Dormouse – to panic. As the Queen orders Alice's execution, Alice eats the mushroom pieces to grow large, momentarily intimidating the court. However, the mushroom's effect is short-lived, forcing Alice to flee the deteriorating realm and its pursuing denizens. When Alice reaches the small door she encountered, she sees herself sleeping through the keyhole. Alice emerges from her dream, and she returns home for tea with her sister.
421	William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet (1996)	Drama, Romance	In Verona Beach, the Capulets and Montagues are two rival business empires. The animosity of the older generation—Fulgencio and Gloria Capulet and Ted and Caroline Montague—is felt by their younger relatives. A shootout occurs between Montague Benvolio, Romeo's cousin, and Capulet Tybalt, Juliet's cousin, creating chaos in the city. The Chief of Police, Captain Prince, arrests Benvolio and Tybalt before reprimanding the families, warning them that if such an event occurs again, their lives "shall pay the forfeit of the peace".Benvolio and Romeo learn of a Capulet party that evening, which they decide to gate-crash. Romeo agrees on hearing that Rosaline, with whom he is madly in love, is attending. They meet their friend, Mercutio, who has tickets to the party, and Romeo takes ecstasy as they proceed to the Capulet mansion. The effects of the drug and the party overwhelm Romeo, who goes to the restroom. There he sees and meets Juliet, and the two instantly fall in love, both unaware of who the other is. Tybalt spots Romeo and vows to kill him for trespassing into his family's home.After Romeo leaves the party, he and Juliet each learn that they belong to feuding families, but Romeo returns to see her. He proposes. Juliet tells him that if he sends word by the following day, they will be betrothed. The next day, Romeo asks Father Laurence to marry them, and he agrees. Romeo passes the word on via Juliet's nurse, and they soon get married.Tybalt encounters Mercutio and Romeo at the beach. Romeo attempts to make peace, but Tybalt assaults him. Mercutio intervenes and batters Tybalt, and is about to kill him when Romeo stops him. Tybalt takes the opportunity to fatally wound Mercutio, who curses both houses before dying. Enraged, Romeo chases after the fleeing Tybalt and shoots him dead, avenging Mercutio’s death.Captain Prince banishes Romeo from the city, and he goes into hiding with Father Laurence. The nurse arrives and tells him that Juliet is waiting for him. Romeo climbs Juliet's balcony and they consummate their marriage, with Romeo departing the next morning. Meanwhile, Fulgencio decides Juliet will marry Dave Paris, the governor's son.The next morning, Gloria informs Juliet that she is to marry Paris, and when Juliet refuses, Fulgencio physically assaults her and threatens to disown her. Juliet runs away and seeks out Father Laurence, imploring him to help her, while threatening to commit suicide. Father Laurence gives her a potion that will let her fake her own death, after which she will be placed within the Capulet vault to awaken 24 hours later. Father Laurence vows to inform Romeo of the plot via overnight letter, whereupon the latter will sneak into the vault and, once reunited with Juliet, the two will escape to Mantua, a remote trailer park in the desert where Romeo has been hiding out. Romeo does not see the delivered letter, however, and, believing Juliet to be dead, buys a vial of poison from an apothecary.Romeo enters the church where Juliet lies and consumes the poison just as Juliet wakes up.  Distraught over Romeo’s death, Juliet picks up his gun and shoots herself in the head, falling down beside his lifeless body. Romeo's body is being taken inside an ambulance with a crowd of spectators and reporters observing the incident from behind the police line, when the parents of both Romeo and Juliet arrive on the scene. Captain Prince approaches their fathers, and berates them both for the deaths of their children that their foolish brawl has caused.
422	Aladdin and the King of Thieves (1996)	Animation, Children's, Comedy	At Agrabah, Aladdin and Princess Jasmine prepare to be married. During the ceremony, the legendary Forty Thieves appear, trying to steal a magical staff. After driving them off, Aladdin and his friends discover the Oracle, a woman within the staff who can answer a single question about absolutely anything to any individual. She hints to Aladdin that all of his questions can be answered by his father, who is still alive, much to everyone's surprise. According to her, Aladdin's father is with the Forty Thieves, "trapped within their world".Aladdin, with Abu, Iago and Carpet, tracks the thieves and stows away into their hideout, Mount Sesame, where he discovers that his father Cassim is actually the King of Thieves, their leader. The two have a heartfelt reunion before Cassim's chief subordinate Sa'luk tries to punish Aladdin for infiltrating their hideout. Cassim, however, suggests that Aladdin instead face the initiation ritual known as "the Challenge": if he defeats another one of the Forty Thieves, he can take their place. Aladdin defeats Sa'luk and is welcomed into the band.Cassim reveals that he left his family in search for the Hand of Midas, an artifact that can transform anything it touches to gold. Cassim believed that, with it, he could return to his family and rescue them from poverty. With the staff, he could question the Oracle for the precise whereabouts of the artifact. Aladdin convinces Cassim to return with him to Agrabah to live an honest life. Initially hesitant, Cassim agrees after realizing that the wedding can be his last chance to get the Oracle.After spending quality time with Aladdin and his friends, Cassim decides to go forward with his original scheme, with Iago as his new henchman. Meanwhile, Sa'luk travels to Agrabah and sells out his fellow thieves by telling Razoul, the Captain of Agrabah's Royal Guard, the password to their hideout in exchange for immunity from prosecution. After all but seven of the thieves are captured, Razoul learns that Aladdin is one of the forty, and his father Cassim is the King himself. Cassim and Iago try to steal the Oracle but are captured and detained after the Sultan learns of Cassim's relationship with the Forty Thieves. Aladdin rescues Cassim and Iago but returns to the palace to take responsibility for his actions. As the Sultan is about to punish Aladdin, the Genie and Jasmine come to his defense, stating that all he wanted was to give his father a second chance. Understanding this, the Sultan accepts Aladdin's apology and resumes preparations for the wedding.Returning to Mount Sesame, Cassim and Iago are captured by Sa'luk and the remaining seven thieves (Sa'luk deceived them into believing Cassim had betrayed them to Razoul), who force them to use the Oracle to locate the Hand of Midas. The Oracle directs them to the Vanishing Isle, a marble fortress built on the back of an enormous turtle that periodically dives to the bottom of the ocean, where the Hand is hidden. Iago escapes and goes to lead Aladdin, Jasmine, Abu and Carpet to Cassim.Aladdin frees and reconciles with his father. Working together, they retrieve the Hand just as the turtle is starting to submerge. However, they are ambushed by Sa'luk, who takes Aladdin hostage, demanding that Cassim surrender the Hand. Cassim throws the Hand to Sa'luk, who grabs it by the wrong end and is transformed into a lifeless gold statue. Realizing that his obsession has brought only trouble and that his son is actually his ultimate treasure, Cassim throws the Hand into the ship with the remaining thieves aboard, turning it into gold and sinking it.That night, Aladdin and Jasmine are married with all their friends and family present. Cassim watches this from afar because he is still a wanted man, and Iago decides to join him on his travels. Aladdin and Cassim wave goodbye to each other as the former kisses Jasmine while the latter rides off into the moonlight with Iago.
423	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982)	Children's, Drama, Fantasy, Sci-Fi	A race of diminutive aliens visit Earth at night to gather plant specimens in a California forest. One of them, fascinated by the distant lights of a neighborhood, separates from the group, before U.S. government agents arrive and chase the startled creature. The aliens are forced to depart before the agents can find them, leaving their lone member behind. While the agents search the forest, the creature takes shelter in a shed belonging to the family of ten-year-old Elliott Taylor. Initially scared by the creature, who runs away, Elliott spends the following day leaving a trail of Reese's Pieces to lure the alien back to the Taylor's home, where he hides the creature in his room. The following morning, Elliott feigns illness to stay off school and play with the creature, whom he dubs E.T. Elliott eventually introduces E.T. to his older brother, Michael, and five-year-old sister Gertie, who agree to keep E.T. hidden from their hardworking single mother, Mary.When the children ask about his origins, E.T. displays telekinetic abilities by levitating several balls to represent his planetary system, and later demonstrates other extraordinary abilities by reviving a dead chrysanthemum and instantly healing a cut on Elliott's finger. As Elliott and the creature begin to bond, they start to share thoughts and emotions, the two being simultaneously startled when E.T. accidentally opens an umbrella in a different room. At school, Elliott becomes intoxicated because, at home, E.T. is drinking beer and watching television. Sensing E.T.'s desire to be rescued, Elliott impulsively frees the frogs about to be vivisected in his biology class, inspiring the other children to follow his lead, and romantically kisses a girl he likes because E.T. is watching John Wayne kiss Maureen O'Hara in The Quiet Man (1952); Elliott is sent to the principal's office for his disruptive behavior. Inspired by a Buck Rogers comic strip, depicting the character calling for help with a communication device, E.T. builds a makeshift device to "phone home", using various parts around the Taylor home. E.T. also learns to speak English, and requests the children's help to build the device. They agree to help find the missing components, unaware that agents are covertly searching for the alien. On Halloween, the children disguise E.T. as a ghost and Elliott sneaks E.T. into the forest, where they set up the device to call E.T.'s people. Elliott begs E.T. to stay on Earth with him, before falling asleep and waking alone in the forest the next day. Elliott returns home to his worried family, while Michael searches for E.T., finding him pale and weakened in a culvert. He takes him home, where Elliott is also growing weaker, and reveals the creature to Mary just before government agents invade and quarantine the house. The lead agent, Keys, asks for Elliott's help to save E.T., stating that meeting aliens was his childhood dream and he considers E.T's arrival a genuine miracle. However, E.T. dies while Elliott rapidly recovers. Left alone to say goodbye, Elliott tells E.T. that he loves him, so E.T.'s heart begins to glow and he is revived and restored to health. E.T. tells Elliott that his people are returning for him. Elliott and Michael flee with E.T. on their bikes, flanked by Michael's friends who help them evade the pursuing authorities. Heading towards a roadblock, E.T. levitates the boys to safety and lands them in the forest. E.T.'s ship arrives, and he says goodbye to Michael and Gertie, who gifts him the chrysanthemum he previously revived. Elliott tearfully asks E.T. to stay, but E.T. places his glowing finger on Elliott's head and tells him that he will always be there. The children, Mary, and Keys observe as the ship blasts off into space, leaving a rainbow in the sky.
424	Children of the Corn: The Gathering (1996)	Horror	Medical student Grace Rhodes (Naomi Watts) returns to her hometown of Grand Island, Nebraska, to take care of her agoraphobic mother June (Karen Black), who refuses to leave her yard. She is having recurring nightmares of being attacked by children. Grace must also look after her younger siblings, James and Margaret. She takes a job at Dr. Larson's local clinic, where she'd worked before. James and Margaret become ill, showing similar symptoms to those of the children in June's dreams. While working at Dr. Larson's office the next day, Grace notices that many other kids have the same symptoms. During the night all of the kids get worse as their fevers skyrocket. Suddenly it all stops and the fevers drop.Local parents Donald (Brent Jennings) and Sandra Atkins notice that their son Marcus is acting strangely. One night, a group of children descend upon the house, led by a child preacher, and Sandra is murdered in front of Marcus. The police arrive and question Donald; Marcus flees into a field and is chased by the sheriff, whom the child preacher confronts and kills. A suspect in his wife's murder, Donald goes into hiding and is taken in by two elderly sisters, Jane and Rosa (Marietta Marich).The children stop answering to their names and claim to be other people; longtime resident Dr. Larson recognizes the names they use as those of dead children from the town's history. One night, he is killed in his office by two children. When Grace arrives the next day, his body has vanished, and the children's blood tests reveal inexplicable signs of decay and death. June's recurring nightmares start up again—but she is not dreaming; it's all actually happening. She flees her house and drives away; spotting James entering an old barn, she follows him inside, after which children gather at the barn.Grace decides to go to Dr. Larsen's house to find him. Donald hijacks her car and forces her to drive at gunpoint. They go to Jane and Rosa's house. Rosa reveals that the child preacher, Josiah, was the illegitimate son of a local woman. He was taken in by traveling preachers and became a gifted preacher. Over the years, Josiah stopped aging and never grew out of boyhood. The traveling preachers gave him over to darkness to stunt his growth, but when word got out, they abandoned him. Josiah killed the preachers, then the townspeople burned him alive and sealed his remains in a well.Meanwhile, Mary Anne, Grace's best friend and co-worker, is attacked and killed by Josiah. Grace and Donald return to the clinic and discover that Margaret is missing, but they learn that Josiah's weakness is mercury. It is also revealed that Rosa is Josiah's mother. Margaret, James, Marcus, and all the other children gather at the barn and offer blood to Josiah. Despite being a hemophiliac and at risk of bleeding to death from even a small cut, Marcus cuts his hand and offers his blood to Josiah, while Margaret offers Josiah her soul. Marcus collapses from blood loss and Margaret is pulled into the pool of blood, from which Josiah emerges.Donald and Grace arrive at the barn and connect its sprinkler system to their supply of mercury. Donald fills two of his bullets with mercury and gives Grace the gun. Donald stops Marcus' bleeding, but the children try to kill him. Josiah attacks Grace, but she shoots him with a mercury bullet. She then finds the bodies of June and Dr. Larson. Josiah attacks her again, but she activates the sprinklers, which shower him with mercury. Grace then slashes him with his own scythe, finally killing him. The children stop trying to kill Donald and return to normal. Grace finds Margaret nearly drowned, but manages to revive her.It is revealed that Margaret is actually Grace's daughter, and that she abandoned her with June as a teenager. After the victims' funerals, Grace, Margaret, James, Donald, and Marcus all move out of Nebraska.
425	Bob Roberts (1992)	Comedy	Bob Roberts takes place in Pennsylvania in 1990. It depicts a fictitious senatorial race between a conservative Republican folk singer, Bob Roberts, and the incumbent Democrat, Brickley Paiste. The film is shot through the perspective of Terry Manchester, a British documentary filmmaker who is following the Roberts campaign. Through Manchester's lens we see Roberts travel across the state and sing about drug users, lazy people and the triumph of traditional family values and laissez-faire capitalism over the rebelliousness and social justice causes of the 1960s. Even though the Roberts campaign team officially avoids manifestations of open bigotry, their songs, speech and mannerisms are rife with snobbish dog whistles and racist and sexist innuendos, and Manchester's footage reveals casual use of homophobic slurs.Complementing Manchester's neutral perspective are reflections by Senator Paiste, television anchor Kelly Noble and investigative reporter Bugs Raplin, among others. Paiste is convinced that Roberts is a master manipulator linked to the National Security Council, the CIA and the military–industrial complex. Throughout the campaign, Raplin attempts to use the documentary being made about Roberts to expose him to the public as a fraud. Raplin believes that Roberts' anti-drug charity, Broken Dove, is connected to an old CIA drug trafficking scheme, citing Roberts' campaign chairman Lukas Hart III's past in the Phoenix Program as proof. Shortly after an acerbic and disastrous interview with Roberts, Kelly Noble points out that his potential for success comes from subverting stereotypes by using his music, a tool of protest typical of the left during the counterculture years, as a vector for far-right politics.As the campaign continues, Paiste remains in the lead until a scandal arises involving him and a young woman who was seen emerging from a car with him. Paiste claims that she was a friend of his granddaughter whom he was driving home, but he cannot shake the accusations. Roberts' campaign suffers a setback as well, when Raplin's accusations briefly gain traction and result in a subpoena on Lukas Hart III for unpaid housing loans rumored to be redirected to drug trafficking.As the election approaches, Roberts is asked to appear on a network's sketch comedy show. When Roberts announces that he will not be playing the song he had originally proposed, a dispute breaks out between the cast and producers of the show. This new song turns out to be nothing more than a thinly veiled campaign endorsement, and an angry staff member of the network pulls the plug mid-performance. As Roberts is leaving the studio, he is seemingly shot by a would-be assassin. Raplin, who has been causing problems for the campaign, is initially linked to the shooting, but he is later cleared when it is found that due to constrictive palsy in his right hand he physically could not have fired the gun. Following the incident, Raplin contends that Roberts was never actually shot and that the gun was fired into the ground. Raplin's allegations are not confirmed on camera by Roberts campaign member Delores Perrigrew when she is questioned by Manchester, but she does show clear signs of remorse and abruptly quits the campaign.The campaign is boosted by public support following the assassination attempt, and Roberts wins the election with 52% of the vote. Although Roberts claims that his wounds have left him paralyzed from the waist down, he is seen tapping his feet at a celebration party. While Terry Manchester is interviewing Roberts' supporters outside the new senator's hotel, a boy runs up shouting, "He's dead, he's dead, they got him!" When Manchester asks him what he is talking about, the boy shouts, "Bugs Raplin! He's dead! They got him!" A joyful celebration breaks out among Roberts' supporters, the shot changes to an image of his hotel room, and an upright walking shadow suggesting Roberts' profile passes the window before the lights go out. The film ends with a radio news report about Raplin's death at the hands of a right-wing fanatic and a shot of Manchester standing in the Jefferson Memorial, looking at the words, "I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man", inscribed there.
426	Transformers: The Movie, The (1986)	Action, Animation, Children's, Sci-Fi, Thriller, War	In 2005, the evil Decepticons have conquered the Autobots' home planet of Cybertron. The heroic Autobots, operating from Cybertron's two moons, prepare a counteroffensive. The Autobot leader, Optimus Prime, sends a shuttle to Autobot City on Earth for supplies. The Decepticons discover their plan, kill several Autobots, and hijack the ship.In Autobot City, Hot Rod is fishing with Daniel Witwicky (son of Spike Witwicky). Daniel spots a hole in the hijacked shuttle, Hot Rod sees the Decepticons and attacks, and the Decepticons leap into battle. Optimus arrives with reinforcements and engages the Decepticon leader, Megatron, in combat. Both are mortally wounded, forcing the Decepticons to retreat to space in Astrotrain. Optimus passes the Matrix of Leadership to Ultra Magnus, telling him that its power will light the Autobots' darkest hour, and dies.To conserve fuel, the Decepticons jettison their wounded, including Megatron, abandoned by his treacherous second-in-command, Starscream. Drifting in space, the wounded Decepticons are found by Unicron, a sentient planet who consumes other worlds. Unicron offers Megatron a new body in exchange for destroying the Matrix, which has the power to destroy Unicron. Megatron reluctantly agrees and is remade into Galvatron, while the other jettisoned Decepticons are converted into his new troops.On Cybertron, Galvatron disrupts Starscream's coronation as Decepticon leader and kills him. Unicron consumes the moons of Cybertron, including the secret bases with Autobots and Spike, although they escape. Retaking command of the Decepticons, Galvatron leads his forces to seek out Ultra Magnus at the ruined Autobot City.The surviving Autobots escape in separate shuttles, which are shot down by the Decepticons and crash on different planets. Hot Rod and Kup are taken prisoner by the Quintessons, tyrants who hold kangaroo courts and execute prisoners by feeding them to the Sharkticons. Hot Rod and Kup learn of Unicron from Kranix, a lone survivor of Lithone, a planet devoured by Unicron. After Kranix is executed, Hot Rod and Kup escape, aided by the Dinobots and the small Autobot Wheelie, who helps them find an escape ship.The other Autobots land on the Planet of Junk, and they decide to use the junk to repair the ship until Galvatron and his forces arrive. Ultra Magnus secures the remaining Autobots but fails to release the power of the Matrix. He is destroyed by Galvatron, who seizes the Matrix, which he intends to use to control Unicron. The Autobots find Ultra Magnus' body and are attacked by the native Junkions led by Wreck-Gar, who had hidden when Galvatron arrived with his forces.The arriving Autobots from Quintesson led by Hot Rod befriend Wreck-Gar and the Junkions, who in return rebuild Ultra Magnus. Realizing Galvatron now has the Matrix, the Autobots and the Junkions fly to Cybertron. Galvatron attempts to threaten Unicron, but like Ultra Magnus, cannot activate the Matrix. In response, Unicron transforms into a colossal robot and begins to dismember Cybertron. When Galvatron attacks him, Unicron swallows him and the Matrix whole.The Autobots arrive at the scene while Unicron continues to battle Decepticons, Junkions, and other defenders of Cybertron. Hot Rod's ship is damaged and he and his group of Autobots crash into Unicron's left eye. Daniel saves his father from Unicron's digestive system, and the group rescues several Autobots. Galvatron attempts to ally with Hot Rod, but Unicron forces him to attack. Hot Rod is almost killed but recovers and activates the Matrix, becoming Rodimus Prime, the new Autobot leader. Rodimus tosses Galvatron into space and uses the Matrix's power to destroy Unicron, then escapes with the other Autobots through Unicron's remaining eye. With the Decepticons in disarray, the Autobots celebrate the war's end and the retaking of their home planet while Unicron's severed head orbits Cybertron.
427	To Kill a Mockingbird (1962)	Drama	The story is set during the Great Depression in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama. Scout, aged six, lives with her older brother Jem and their widowed father Atticus, a white middle-aged lawyer. Guided by a strong social conscience, Atticus often represents poor farmers who pay him in produce or firewood.Jem and Scout befriend Dill, a boy who visits each summer. The three are both frightened and intrigued by their reclusive neighbour, Arthur "Boo" Radley. They fuel each other’s imaginations with tales about him and devise ways to lure him outside. After two summers, Scout and Jem begin finding small gifts left in a tree outside the Radley house.Atticus is appointed to defend Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping Mayella Ewell, a young white woman and the daughter of Bob Ewell, a violent and racist drunkard. The case inflames racial tensions in the town, and Jem and Scout are taunted at school. On the night before the trial, Atticus positions himself outside the jail where Tom is being held. A lynch mob arrives. The children unexpectedly intervene, and Scout, recognizing the father of a schoolmate, starts a friendly chat. Embarrassed, he persuades the mob to disperse.Jem and Scout sneak into the courtroom to see Tom's trial. With no available seats on the main floor, a local pastor invites them up to the coloured balcony. Mayella states that she invited Tom in to chop up a chifforobe, and that he grabbed her round the throat, beat her and raped her. Witnesses testify that she had bruises on her neck and both arms, and had been heavily 'knocked about' the right side of her head. Atticus points out that the attacker must have been left handed, and that Tom had entirely lost the use of his left arm some years earlier in a farming accident. In spite of witness assertions, there was no medical evidence of any rape, and no doctor was called. Atticus suggests that Mayella was actually beaten by her own (left-handed) father. She denies it, though unconvincingly.Tom testifies that Mayella had invited him in to help with some chores, as she had done many times before. When he noted that the house was unusually quiet, Mayella explained that she had saved up and sent the children off into town to buy ice creams. She then kissed him against his will. Feeling extremely uncomfortable, Tom was attempting to leave when Mayella's father appeared, drunk and enraged. Asked by the prosecution lawyer why he had been doing chores for Mayella without payment, Tom replies that he had  "felt sorry for her" – words that offend the white spectators. Atticus urges the all-white jury to put aside prejudice and recognise Tom's innocence. Nonetheless, Tom is found guilty. As Atticus leaves the courtroom, the black spectators in the gallery rise in respect.Atticus hopes for an appeal, but learns from Sheriff Tate that Tom has been shot dead while trying to escape. He breaks the news to Tom's family. Bob Ewell appears and spits in his face.Autumn arrives. While walking home through the woods, Jem and Scout are attacked. Jem suffers a broken arm and is knocked unconscious but, amid the confusion, someone intervenes and Scout sees a strange man carrying Jem home. Atticus calls for a doctor and for Sheriff Tate. As Scout finishes telling the sheriff what happened, her father introduces her to a man shyly standing behind the door: their rescuer is Boo Radley.Ewell is found dead at the scene. Atticus mistakenly assumes Jem must have stabbed him in self-defense, but Sheriff Tate knows that Boo acted to protect the children. Realizing, however, that no purpose would be served by prosecuting Boo, he insists that Ewell must have fallen on his own knife. Scout walks Boo home, taking a moment to stand on the Radley porch to imagine life from his perspective. An adult Scout narrates, recalling that eventful summer and how Atticus had sat all night by Jem’s bed, ready to be there for him when he awoke.
428	Harold and Maude (1971)	Comedy	Harold Chasen is a young man obsessed with death. He stages elaborate fake suicides, attends funerals (usually for people that he does not know), and drives a hearse, all to the chagrin of his self-obsessed, wealthy socialite mother. His mother sends Harold to a psychoanalyst, sets him up with blind dates, and buys him a luxury car, all schemes he subverts in his own way.Harold meets 79-year-old Maude one day while at a random stranger's funeral Mass, and discovers that they share a hobby. Harold is entranced by Maude's quirky outlook on life, which is bright and delightfully carefree in contrast to his morbid demeanor. Maude lives in a decommissioned railroad car and thinks nothing of breaking the law; she is quite skilled at stealing cars and will swiftly uproot an ailing tree in a city sidewalk to replant it in the forest. She and Harold form a bond and Maude shows Harold the pleasures of art and music (including how to play the banjo), and teaches him how to make "the most of his time on earth."Meanwhile, Harold's mother is determined, against Harold's wishes, to find him a wife. One by one, Harold frightens and horrifies each of his appointed computer dates, by appearing to commit gruesome acts, including self-immolation, self-mutilation, and seppuku. His mother attempts to enlist him in the military by sending Harold to his uncle, who lost an arm serving under General MacArthur in World War II, but Harold deters the recruitment by staging a scene where Maude poses as a pacifist protester and Harold seemingly murders her out of militarist fanaticism.As Harold and Maude grow closer, their friendship blossoms into a romance. Holding her hand, Harold discovers a number tattooed on her forearm, indicating Maude survived the Nazi death camps. Harold announces that he will marry Maude, resulting in disgusted outbursts from his family, analyst, and priest. Unbeknownst to Harold, Maude has been planning to end her own life on her 80th birthday. (Although she had actually mentioned her plan twice, early on.) Maude's birthday arrives, and Harold throws a surprise party for her. As the pair dance, Maude tells Harold that she "couldn't imagine a lovelier farewell." When Maude reveals that she has taken an overdose of sleeping pills and will be dead by midnight, Harold rushes Maude to the hospital. However, she succumbs to the pill overdose. Devastated after learning of Maude's death, Harold speeds down a country road and sends his car off a seaside cliff, appearing to have died by suicide. Following the crash, Harold is revealed to be standing calmly atop the cliff, holding his banjo. After gazing down at the wreckage, he plucks the banjo strings and dances away to "If You Want to Sing Out, Sing Out".
429	Day the Earth Stood Still, The (1951)	Drama, Sci-Fi	After a flying saucer lands in the National Mall in Washington, D.C., the United States Army quickly surrounds it with soldiers and tanks. A humanoid in a spacesuit emerges, announcing that he comes "in peace and with good will". While the alien is opening a small metallic device, he is shot and wounded by a nervous soldier. A large robot emerges from the saucer and quickly disintegrates the soldiers' weapons, including tanks. The alien, Klaatu, orders the robot, Gort, to desist. Klaatu explains that the now-broken device was a gift for the President of the United States "to study life on the other planets". The injured Klaatu is taken to Walter Reed Army Hospital for surgery, after which he uses a salve to quickly heal his wound. The Army is unable to open or blast its way into the saucer. Gort stands outside, silent and unmoving.The President's secretary, Mr. Harley, visits Klaatu, who relates that his message must be delivered to all world leaders simultaneously. Harley says this is impossible in the current world situation. When Klaatu proposes spending time among ordinary humans to better understand their "unreasoning suspicions and attitudes", Harley rejects the proposal, and Klaatu remains locked in his hospital room.Escaping, Klaatu acquires a suit and a valise from Walter Reed Hospital; the laundry ticket on the jacket sleeve says "Maj. Carpenter", and the initials on the valise are L.M.C. He rents a room at a boarding house, saying that his name is Carpenter. Among the residents are a young widow, Helen Benson, and her son, Bobby. Helen's boyfriend, Tom Stevens, becomes jealous of the stranger.Bobby takes Klaatu on a tour of the city, including the Lincoln Memorial and a visit to his father's grave in Arlington National Cemetery; Klaatu learns that most of the dead are soldiers killed in wars. When Klaatu asks Bobby, "Who is the greatest living person?", Bobby suggests Professor Barnhardt. Visiting the scientist's home, they find him away. Peering through a window, Klaatu sees Barnhardt's blackboard is covered with equations (an attempt to solve the three-body problem). To "leave a calling card", Klaatu opens the locked French windows and enters the room to correct the equation, giving his contact information to the housekeeper.That evening, a government agent escorts Klaatu to Barnhardt. Klaatu tells Barnhardt the people of other planets are concerned about Earth's aggressiveness now that humanity has developed rudimentary atomic power. If his message is ignored, Earth could be "eliminated". Barnhardt agrees to gather scientists from around the world at the saucer; he suggests Klaatu provide a demonstration of his power beforehand. Unaware Bobby is following, Klaatu returns to his spaceship. Bobby watches as Gort knocks out two soldiers so Klaatu can reenter the saucer. Running home, Bobby tells Helen, who does not believe him, but Tom is suspicious. The next day, starting at noon East Coast time, all electrical equipment on Earth ceases to function for 30 minutes, except for essential services such as hospitals and aircraft in flight.Learning that Bobby followed him the previous night, Klaatu visits Helen at work, reveals his mission, and asks that she not betray him. Helen asks Tom to keep Klaatu's secret, but he refuses to listen, already in the process of alerting the military. Hoping that Barnhardt can hide Klaatu until that evening, Helen and Klaatu rush to Barnhardt in a taxi. Klaatu instructs Helen that if anything should happen to him, she must say to Gort "Klaatu barada nikto." The Army tracks them in their taxi. Klaatu is shot and killed; his body is moved to a police station cell. Rushing to the saucer, Helen recites the phrase to Gort. Gort then carries her into the saucer. Gort retrieves Klaatu's body and revives him inside the saucer, though Klaatu tells Helen his revival is only temporary.Departing the spaceship with Klaatu and Gort, Helen joins Barnhardt among the gathered scientists. Klaatu tells the scientists that an interplanetary organization has created a police force of invincible robots like Gort. "In matters of aggression, we have given them absolute power over us." Klaatu concludes, "Your choice is simple: join us and live in peace, or pursue your present course and face obliteration." Klaatu and Gort then depart in the saucer.
430	Duck Soup (1933)	Comedy, War	Wealthy widow Gloria Teasdale is asked to give twenty million dollars to the small, financially struggling nation of Freedonia; she agrees on the condition that Rufus T. Firefly is appointed the country's leader. Meanwhile, Ambassador Trentino of neighboring Sylvania is scheming to provoke a revolution in Freedonia in order to annex it. He sends two spies, Chicolini and Pinky, to Freedonia to find out information about Firefly. To his disappointment, Chicolini and Pinky end up spying on the wrong man, but he agrees to give them another chance.To collect information on Firefly, Chicolini and Pinky pose as peanut vendors and station their food cart outside of Firefly's office. Firefly hires Chicolini as Freedonia's Secretary of War. A short time later, Firefly's secretary, Bob Roland, warns Firefly of this scheme. Roland advises Firefly to insult Trentino, hoping that he will slap Firefly in response; this would give Firefly an excuse to ban Trentino from the country. Firefly agrees to the plan, but after a series of personal insults exchanged with Trentino, the plan goes awry when Firefly slaps Trentino instead. The incident brings the two countries to the brink of war. Meanwhile, Firefly and Trentino both attempt to woo Mrs. Teasdale in the hopes of getting their respective hands on her late husband's wealth.Trentino learns from Sylvanian spy Vera Marcal that Freedonia's plans of war are in Mrs. Teasdale's possession, and tells Vera to assist Chicolini and Pinky in stealing the plans. Chicolini is eventually caught by Firefly and put on trial, during which Firefly again slaps Trentino. This causes Trentino to declare war on Freedonia; overcome with excitement, everyone at the trial then begins singing and dancing. Chicolini and Pinky join Firefly and Roland in the anarchic battle that follows.Some time later, Freedonia is losing the war and army morale is breaking down amidst a series of violent mishaps. Firefly, Chicolini, Pinky, Roland, and Teasdale take refuge in Teasdale's hideout, which is soon overrun by Sylvanian troops accompanied by Trentino. When the Freedonians recognize him, they pin him in a makeshift pillory and throw fruit at him. Trentino surrenders, but Firefly tells him that he will stay in the pillory "till the fruit runs out". When Mrs. Teasdale victoriously begins singing the Freedonian national anthem, the four men start throwing fruit at her instead.
431	Highlander (1986)	Action, Adventure	In 1985 New York, Connor MacLeod encounters an old enemy, Iman Fasil, in the parking garage of Madison Square Garden. After a sword duel, Connor beheads Fasil and absorbs a powerful release of energy from his body, then hides his sword in the garage's ceiling. NYPD officers detain him on suspicion of murder but lack evidence to hold him.Connor's history is revealed through a series of flashbacks. In the Scottish Highlands in 1536, Connor fights against the rival Fraser clan as a warrior of the MacLeod clan. The Frasers are aided by a outlander knight in exchange for his right to slay Connor. In battle the knight fatally stabs Connor but is driven off by his clansmen. After Connor makes a complete recovery, his lover Kate and his cousin Dougal accuse him of witchcraft. The clan wishes to kill him, but his other cousin, chieftain Angus, mercifully exiles him. Connor quietly settles into a new life as a blacksmith and marries a woman named Heather MacDonald.Juan Sánchez-Villalobos Ramírez, a swordsman from Spain, seeks out Connor. He explains that they and others like them are immortals. They possess a sixth sense known as the "quickening" and can be killed only by beheading. Each immortal must be ready to do battle with others, save on holy ground. Ramírez trains Connor in sword fighting and the two become friends. He tells Connor that as the number of immortals wanes, they will gather in a distant land for a final confrontation, until only one remains with the combined quickening of all. Immortals cannot conceive children, and Ramírez urges Connor to leave Heather so that he will be unburdened in the fight ahead. The knight that he encountered, the Kurgan, is a powerful and vicious immortal who would subject humanity to an eternity of darkness.One night while Connor is away, the Kurgan finds his home and duels Ramírez before decapitating him and leaving. Connor remains with Heather until she dies of old age, leaving him heartbroken. He wanders the earth, adopting Ramírez's katana as his own.In 1985, the Gathering approaches and the Kurgan comes to New York, where Connor deals antiques under the alias "Russell Nash" assisted by his confidant and adopted daughter Rachel Ellenstein. Brenda Wyatt, a metallurgy expert working for the police as a forensic scientist, finds shards of Connor's sword at Fasil's death scene and is puzzled that the swordsmithing techniques do not match the age of the blade. She follows Connor for clues and witnesses the Kurgan attack him. The police arrive, forcing them to flee. She meets with Connor twice afterward, hoping to learn about the paradoxical sword. Connor likes her but tells her to leave him alone.The Kurgan duels and beheads Sunda Kastagir, another immortal. A witness to the fight gives the NYPD a description of him. Brenda investigates Connor and finds evidence that he has lived for centuries. On Heather's birthday, Connor lights a candle for her in a church as he has done every year. The Kurgan arrives and confirms that he and Connor are now the last remaining immortals, and also reveals he raped Heather after killing Ramírez. Disgusted, but prohibited from fighting on holy ground, Connor leaves.Brenda confronts Connor, who explains his true identity. After spending the night together they part company, but the Kurgan finds out about their newfound intimacy and kidnaps Brenda to draw Connor out. Connor decides to leave behind the Russell Nash identity, says goodbye to Rachel and confronts the Kurgan at Silvercup Studios in Queens, rescuing Brenda in the process. After a long duel, Connor outfights and decapitates the Kurgan, absorbing his power. Connor returns to Scotland with Brenda and reveals that he is now a mortal man who can age and have children. He is also able to read the thoughts and feelings of people all around the world, and remembering Ramírez's lessons, he hopes to encourage co-operation, understanding, and peace among humanity.
432	Fantasia (1940)	Animation, Children's, Musical	Fantasia opens with live-action scenes of members of an orchestra gathering against a blue background and tuning their instruments in half-light, half-shadow. Master of ceremonies Deems Taylor enters the stage (also in half-light, half-shadow) and introduces the program.Toccata and Fugue in D Minor by Johann Sebastian Bach. Live-action shots of the orchestra illuminated in blue and gold, backed by superimposed shadows, fade into abstract patterns. Animated lines, shapes and cloud formations reflect the sound and rhythms of the music.The Nutcracker Suite by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. Selections from the 1892 ballet suite underscore scenes depicting the changing of the seasons from summer to autumn to winter. A variety of dances are presented with fairies, fish, flowers, mushrooms, and leaves, including "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy", "Chinese Dance", "Arabian Dance", "Russian Dance", "Dance of the Flutes" and "Waltz of the Flowers".The Sorcerer's Apprentice by Paul Dukas. Based on Goethe's 1797 poem "Der Zauberlehrling". Mickey Mouse, the young apprentice of the sorcerer Yen Sid, attempts some of his master's magic tricks but does not know how to control them.The Rite of Spring by Igor Stravinsky. A visual history of the Earth's beginnings is depicted to selected sections of the ballet score. The sequence progresses from the planet's formation to the first living creatures, followed by the reign and extinction of the dinosaurs.Intermission/Meet the Soundtrack: The orchestra musicians depart and the Fantasia title card is revealed. After the intermission there is a brief jam session of jazz music led by a clarinettist as the orchestra members return. Then a humorously stylized demonstration of how sound is rendered on film is shown. An animated sound track "character", initially a straight white line, changes into different shapes and colors based on the sounds played.The Pastoral Symphony by Ludwig van Beethoven. A mythical Greco–Roman world of colorful centaurs and "centaurettes", cupids, fauns and other figures from classical mythology is portrayed to Beethoven's music. A gathering for a festival to honor Bacchus, the god of wine, is interrupted by Zeus, who creates a storm and directs Vulcan to forge lightning bolts for him to throw at the attendees.Dance of the Hours by Amilcare Ponchielli. A comic ballet in four sections: Madame Upanova and her ostriches (Morning); Hyacinth Hippo and her servants (Afternoon); Elephanchine and her bubble-blowing elephant troupe (Evening); and Ben Ali Gator and his troop of alligators (Night). The finale finds all of the characters dancing together until their palace collapses.Night on Bald Mountain by Modest Mussorgsky and Ave Maria by Franz Schubert. On Walpurgis Night, the giant devil Chernabog awakes and summons evil spirits and restless souls from their graves to Bald Mountain. The spirits dance and fly through the air until driven back by the sound of an Angelus bell as night fades into dawn. A chorus is heard singing Ave Maria as a line of robed monks is depicted walking with lighted torches through a forest and into the ruins of a cathedral.
433	Heathers (1989)	Comedy	At Westerburg High School, in the fictional Sherwood, Ohio, Veronica Sawyer is part of a popular-but-feared clique that includes three wealthy and beautiful girls with the same first name: Heather Duke, Heather McNamara, and the ruthless queen bee, Heather Chandler. Tired of the clique abusing its power, Veronica longs for her old life with her kinder but less popular friends. She becomes fascinated with new student Jason "J.D." Dean after he pulls out a gun and fires blanks to scare football-player bullies, Kurt and Ram. Outsider J.D., whose mother committed suicide, has a strained relationship with his explosives-obsessed demolition mogul father.Veronica goes with Chandler to a frat party at the fictional Remington University, where she refuses to have sex with one member, unlike Chandler, who is coerced into performing fellatio. When Veronica drunkenly vomits on Chandler, Chandler vows to destroy Veronica's reputation in retaliation. Later, J.D. breaks into Veronica's house through her bedroom window, and they have sex, expressing to each other their mutual hatred of Chandler's tyranny after.The next morning, Veronica and J.D. break into Chandler's house, planning revenge by using a fake hangover cure to make Chandler vomit. Veronica mixes orange juice and milk into a mug, but mistakenly serves Chandler a mug full of drain cleaner poured by J.D., which kills her. Veronica is horrified by the accident, but J.D. urges her to forge a dramatic suicide note in Chandler's handwriting. The community regards Chandler's apparent suicide as a tragic decision made by a troubled teenager, making her even more respected in death than in life. Duke uses the attention surrounding Chandler's death to gain popularity by going to many different news stations, feeling the need to be the clique's new leader.McNamara later convinces Veronica to go with her, Kurt, and Ram on a double date. J.D. finds the four teens that evening in a field, and Veronica leaves with him as Kurt passes out, while Ram rapes McNamara. The boys spread a false rumor about Veronica performing oral sex on them, ruining her reputation. J.D. proposes that he and Veronica lure the boys into the woods, shoot them with tranquilizers, and humiliate them by staging the scene to look like they were lovers participating in a suicide pact.In the forest, J.D. shoots Ram, but Veronica's shot misses Kurt, who runs away. J.D. chases Kurt back toward Veronica, who, realizing that the bullets are in fact lethal, fatally shoots him in a panic. At their funeral, the boys are made into martyrs to homophobia. Realizing that J.D. is intentionally murdering students he dislikes, Veronica is horrified and breaks up with him.J.D. blackmails Duke into getting every student to sign a petition that, unbeknownst to her, is intended to act as a mass suicide note. Martha, an overweight girl who is a frequent target of bullying, attempts to kill herself by walking into traffic. She survives but is badly injured and mocked by her peers who believe she was attempting to copy the popular kids. McNamara calls a radio show to discuss her depression. Duke tells the entire school about the radio call, leading to McNamara being bullied. McNamara attempts suicide by overdosing in the girls' bathroom, but Veronica intervenes.Veronica returns home, where her parents inform her that J.D. stopped by, proclaiming that he is worried she will attempt suicide. Realizing that J.D. plans to kill her, she fakes her own suicide by hanging. J.D. finds her and, assuming she is dead, gives a monologue revealing his plan to blow up the school pep rally and frame it as a suicide pact.J.D. plants dynamite in the gymnasium equipped with remote detonators. He proceeds to the school's boiler room to place dynamite with a countdown detonator. Veronica confronts J.D. in the boiler room and shoots him, resulting in him accidentally cutting the wires to the detonator with his switchblade. Veronica goes outside, and J.D. follows her with a bomb strapped to his chest. He offers a personal eulogy and detonates the bomb, killing himself. As students and faculty rush to see what happened, Veronica walks back inside, disheveled and covered in soot from the explosion. She confronts and condemns Duke, then invites Martha to spend prom night watching movies together.
434	Forbidden Planet (1956)	Sci-Fi	In the 23rd century, after more than a year's journey, the United Planets starship C-57D arrives at the distant planet Altair IV to determine the fate of the ship Bellerophon, sent there 20 years before. Dr. Edward Morbius, one of the original expedition's scientists, warns the ship not to land for safety reasons, but Commander John J. Adams ignores his warning.Adams and Lieutenants Jerry Farman and "Doc" Ostrow are met by Robby the Robot, who transports them to Morbius' residence. Morbius describes how all other members of their expedition had been killed, one by one, by an unseen "planetary force", with the Bellerophon being vaporized as the last survivors tried to escape. Only Morbius, his wife (who Morbius claims later died of natural causes), and their daughter Altaira were somehow immune. Morbius offers to help the starship return home, but Adams says he must receive further instructions from Earth.The next day, Adams finds Farman kissing Altaira. Furious, he rebukes Farman and criticizes Altaira for wearing revealing clothing. That night, an invisible intruder sabotages communications equipment aboard the starship. The next morning, Adams and Ostrow go to Morbius' residence to discuss the intrusion. While waiting, Adams happens upon Altaira swimming. After she dons a new, less revealing dress, Adams apologizes for his behavior toward her, and they kiss. They are suddenly attacked by Altaira's pet tiger, and Adams is forced to disintegrate it with his blaster.Morbius appears and tells Adams and Ostrow that he has been studying artifacts of the Krell, a highly advanced race that mysteriously perished in a single night 200,000 years before. One such device enhances the intellect, which Morbius had used. He barely survived, but his intellectual capacity had doubled. Another is a vast 8,000-cubic-mile (33,000 km3) underground machine, still functioning, powered by 9,208 thermonuclear reactors. Adams tells Morbius he must share these discoveries with Earth, but Morbius refuses, saying, "Humanity is not yet ready to receive such limitless power."Adams erects a force field fence around the starship, but the unseen intruder easily passes through and brutally murders Chief Engineer Quinn, who was repairing the damaged communications equipment. Morbius warns Adams of his premonition of further deadly attacks. That night, the intruder is detected approaching. Its outline and features become visible when it enters the force field and blasters are fired at it, to little effect. The thing kills Farman and two other crewmen. When Morbius is awakened by Altaira's screams, the creature suddenly vanishes.Adams tries to persuade Altaira to leave. Ostrow sneaks away and uses the Krell intellect enhancer but is fatally injured. Before dying, he informs Adams that the underground machine's purpose was to create anything by mere thought, anywhere on the planet. However, he tells Adams the Krell forgot one thing: "Monsters from the id." The machine gave the Krell's own subconscious desires free rein with unlimited power, causing their own extinction. Adams deduces that Morbius's subconscious created the thing that both killed the original expedition members and attacked his crewmen; Morbius refuses to believe him.Altaira tells Morbius that she is leaving Altair IV with Adams. Robby detects the creature approaching; Morbius commands Robby to kill it, but the robot knows it is Morbius and shuts down, being programmed to never kill a human. Adams, Altaira, and Morbius hide in the Krell lab, but the creature melts its way through the thick doors. Morbius finally accepts the truth and confronts and disowns his other self, but is fatally injured by the creature as it vanishes. Before he dies, he has Adams activate a planetary self-destruct system, warning them to be far away in deep space. At a safe distance, Adams, Altaira, Robby, and the surviving crew witness the obliteration of Altair IV. Adams reassures Altaira that in about a million years, the human race will stand where the Krell did. They embrace as C-57D heads back to Earth.
435	Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969)	Action, Comedy, Western	In 1899 Wyoming, Butch Cassidy is the affable, clever, talkative leader of the outlaw Hole-in-the-Wall Gang. His closest companion is the laconic dead-shot "Sundance Kid". The two return to their hideout at Hole-in-the-Wall to discover that the rest of the gang, irked at Cassidy's long absences, have selected Harvey Logan as their new leader.Logan challenges Cassidy to a knife fight over the gang's leadership. Cassidy defeats him using trickery, but embraces Logan's idea to rob a Union Pacific train on both its eastward and westward runs, agreeing that the second robbery would be unexpected and thus reap more money than the first.The first robbery goes well. To celebrate, Cassidy visits a favorite brothel in a nearby town, where the town marshal unsuccessfully attempts to organize a posse to track down the gang, only to have his address to the townsfolk hijacked by a friendly bicycle salesman. Sundance, meanwhile, visits his lover, schoolteacher Etta Place. Cassidy joins up with them the next morning, and takes Place for a ride on his new bike.On the second train robbery, Cassidy uses too much dynamite to blow open the safe. The explosion demolishes the baggage car in the process and the money flies everywhere. As the gang scrambles to gather it, a second train arrives carrying a six-man team of lawmen. The crack squad pursues Cassidy and Sundance, who try to hide out in the brothel, and then to seek amnesty from Sheriff Bledsoe, to no avail.The posse remains in pursuit, and it includes renowned Indian tracker "Lord Baltimore" and lawman Joe Lefors, recognizable by his white skimmer. Cassidy and Sundance elude their pursuers by jumping from a cliff into a river far below. They learn from Place that the posse has been paid by Union Pacific head E. H. Harriman to remain on their trail until they are both killed.Cassidy convinces Sundance and Place that the three should go to Bolivia, which he envisions as a robber's paradise. On their arrival there, Sundance is dismayed by the living conditions and regards the country with contempt, but Cassidy remains optimistic. However, they know too little Spanish to pull off a bank robbery, so Place attempts to teach them the language. With her as an accomplice, they become successful bank robbers known as Los Bandidos Yanquis. However, their confidence drops after seeing a man wearing a white skimmer and fear that Harriman's posse is still after them.Cassidy suggests "going straight", and Sundance and he land their first honest job as payroll guards for a mining company. They are ambushed, though. by local bandits on their first run, and their boss, Percy Garris, is killed. They kill the bandits, the first time Cassidy has ever shot someone. The duo concludes the straight life is not for them. Sensing they will be killed should they return to robbery, Place decides to return to the United States.Cassidy and Sundance steal a payroll and a burro used to carry it, and arrive in a small town. A boy recognizes the burro's brand and alerts the police, leading to a gunfight with the outlaws. Cassidy has to make a desperate run to the burro to get ammunition, while Sundance provides covering fire. Wounded, the two take cover inside a building. Cassidy suggests their next destination should be Australia. Meanwhile, unbeknownst to the two men, the local police have called on the Bolivian Army. The pair charges out of the building, guns blazing, into a hail of bullets from the massed troops, who have occupied all the surrounding vantage points. The film ends with the sound of gunfire on a freeze-frame shot of the two bandits.
436	American Werewolf in London, An (1981)	Horror	Two American graduate students from New York City, David Kessler and Jack Goodman, are trekking across the North York Moors. As night falls, they stop at the Slaughtered Lamb, a local pub. Jack notices a five-pointed star on the pub's wall. When he asks about it, the pub-goers grow hostile, prompting him and David to leave. The pub-goers warn the pair to keep to the road, stay clear of the moors, and beware of the full moon. David and Jack wander off the road and onto the moors, where a vicious creature attacks them. Jack is mauled to death and David is seriously injured. The beast is shot and killed by some concerned pub-goers who followed the pair. Instead of an animal carcass, David sees a nude dead man lying next to him before passing out.David wakes up three weeks later in a London hospital. Inspector Villiers interviews David and informs him that the locals reported that an escaped lunatic attacked him and Jack. David insists a rabid dog or wolf attacked them. An undead Jack later appears to David and explains that they were attacked by a werewolf; since David was bitten, he is now a werewolf too. Jack is cursed to walk the earth in limbo, neither dead nor alive, until the wolf's bloodline is severed. Jack urges David to kill himself before the next full moon so he does not harm anyone.Dr. Hirsch visits the Slaughtered Lamb to investigate, suspecting that David might have been influenced by local superstitions. When asked about the incident, the pub-goers deny any knowledge of David, Jack, or the attack. However, one distraught pub-goer privately tells Dr. Hirsch that David will endanger other people when he transforms.Upon being released from the hospital, David stays with Alex Price, the nurse who cared for him. Alex tells David that she is concerned about his mental health, as he has been having hyper realistic dreams and nightmares. David rapidly develops a heightened sexual drive that he uses to seduce Alex. Jack, now even more decayed, appears and warns David that he will become a werewolf the following night, and again advises him to commit suicide. David refuses to believe him but when the full moon rises, he painfully transforms into a werewolf inside Alex's flat. He prowls the streets and the London Underground, killing six people. He wakes up the next morning naked on the floor of a wolf enclosure at the London Zoo, with no recollection of what happened, and returns to Alex's flat.After learning of the previous night's murders and realizing that he is responsible, David unsuccessfully attempts to get himself arrested in Trafalgar Square. He calls his family to say he loves them, then loses the courage to slit his wrists with a pocket knife. David spots Jack, whose skeleton is now showing, outside an adult cinema. Inside, Jack introduces David to his previous night's victims, some of whom are furious with David and suggest different suicide methods to free them from their undead state.David transforms into a werewolf while still in the theatre. He decapitates Inspector Villiers, and wreaks havoc in the streets, killing several motorists and bystanders. The police surround and trap David in an alleyway. Alex arrives, runs down the alley, and tries calming David by professing her love to him. Although David's consciousness briefly emerges to recognize Alex, the beast takes over and lunges towards her, forcing the police to shoot him dead. David reverts to human form in front of Alex as she mourns him.
437	Amityville 1992: It's About Time (1992)	Horror	Jacob Sterling, an architect from Burlwood, California, has just returned from a business trip to Amityville, New York. During his absence, his ex-girlfriend, art student Andrea Livingston, took care of his two teenagers, Lisa and Rusty.Excitedly, Jacob announces that Amityville has commissioned his firm to design a new neighborhood. He also brings back an old mantel clock he found in the ruins there, placing it on the fireplace and saying, "This is exactly what our home needed." However, the clock has stuck to the mantel, making it immovable.Once the clock is on the mantel, things start to go wrong. The clock ticks loudly, and the sound can be heard upstairs. But the strangest of all is when Rusty goes downstairs in the middle of the night and turns on the living room light switch, the living room is replaced with an ancient-looking torture chamber. This happens until the lightbulb finally burns out.The next morning, after Lisa and Rusty leave for school, Jacob finishes his jog. His digital watch stops, and he turns around to see his neighbor Mrs. Tetmann with her dog, Peaches. She releases Peaches, who attacks Jacob's leg. Jacob defends himself with a bottle. At the hospital, a doctor confuses Andrea for Jacob's wife and advises her to care for his wound. However, Jacob neglects his injury at home and denies her help.Rusty skips school and goes to his neighbor Iris Wheeler to talk about something he saw. Iris thinks there is an evil force at play. She explains that it came to their home because its old place is gone and it needs a new home. When Rusty and Andrea visit Mrs. Tetmann to ask about Peaches’ rabies vaccine, she doesn’t understand and shows them that Peaches has no cuts. Rusty reflects on Iris's words.Jacob is busy designing a new neighborhood model. At dinner, Andrea asks Rusty to fetch the phone book, and when he returns after a minute, he finds the kitchen empty and the table cleared. Shocked to learn that three hours have passed, he keeps this to himself.Lisa lets Andrea sleep in her room while she takes the couch. The ticking clock keeps Lisa awake, and around 3:00 a.m., she asks to sleep with Andrea. After getting permission, Lisa goes to fetch her pillow, but the living room doors slam shut and lock her inside.Meanwhile, Andrea feels something slimy on her bed and finds it soaked in black slime. She turns on the light but sees nothing. After unlocking the doors for Lisa, she wonders if Rusty locked them, but he claims he was out for a walk.The next morning, Andrea discovers that Peaches was killed, with a swastika drawn in blood on Mrs. Tetmann's house. The police suspect Rusty. That night, Andrea's boyfriend Dr. Leonard Stafford hallucinates about Jacob interrogating him.The next day, Rusty visits Iris, sharing strange occurrences since his father's return from Amityville. Iris discovers the clock is the source of the trouble, but as she tries to warn Rusty, a stork statue falls from a truck and kills her.At the same time, problems arise at the Sterling house. Lisa's boyfriend, Andy, melts onto the floor, Leonard faces goo a zombie rises from the bathtub, and Jacob behaves aggressively. Now, Lisa and Jacob are fully under the clock's control. Rusty is forced to defend himself and kills Lisa.Andrea fights off Jacob's attack but discovers that the clock has de-aged Rusty into a child as he tries to destroy it. Andrea tells the clock to let Rusty go and starts breaking open the wall. Inside, she finds giant clock gears and cannot destroy the clock. As the clock ages her into an old woman, she ignites a gas pipe, causing an explosion which hurls the clock into another dimension.Andrea suddenly wakes up to find herself unharmed and back to her normal age, on the first night Jacob brought the clock home. Upon seeing the clock in Jacob's hands, Andrea, recalling everything, breaks it in anger. Ignoring Jacob questioning her, she grabs her overnight bag and leaves. Meanwhile, Rusty notices Iris across the street, and they smile, sharing a moment of mutual remembrance. Exactly how much everyone involved with the clock actually remembers is left ambiguous.
438	Amityville 3-D (1983)	Horror	After he exposes a pair of con artists with his partner Melanie in the infamous 112 Ocean Avenue house in Amityville, journalist John Baxter is persuaded to purchase the house by real estate agent Clifford Sanders. While preparing the house for John, Clifford investigates footsteps in the attic. He is locked in the room, where a swarm of flies attack and kill him. John believes Clifford died of a stroke, even after Melanie shows him some photos she took of the real estate agent before his death, depicting him as a rotting corpse.While John is at work, he nearly dies in a malfunctioning elevator. Simultaneously, Melanie experiences bizarre occurrences in John's house. She is found later that night by John, cowering and hysterical against the wall. Her attempts to convince John that something is inside the house fall on deaf ears. Later, while looking over blowups of the photos of Clifford, Melanie discovers a demonic-looking face in the pictures. When she attempts to show the photos to John, she is killed in a horrific car accident. Melanie's death is ruled accidental by everyone, including John, who remains oblivious to the evil in his home.While John is away one day, his daughter, Susan, her friend Lisa, and their boyfriends Jeff and Roger use a Ouija board in the attic. The game tells them that Susan is in danger. Growing bored, Susan and the others go out in John's motorboat where she falls into the water and drowns. John's estranged wife Nancy, who had come over looking for Susan, is surprised to see a drenched Susan silently walk up the stairs. Outside John arrives home to find Susan's friends bringing her lifeless body to shore. Nancy has a nervous breakdown and believing Susan is still alive and will return shortly, refuses to leave, even for Susan's funeral.After having nightmares about the old well in the basement and unable to deal with Nancy's delusions that Susan is still alive, John allows his friend, paranormal investigator Doctor Elliot West, and a team of paranormal investigators to set up in the house, to help prove if Nancy actually saw something or not. As Elliot and John watch, Nancy is confronted by a spectral being speaking in Susan's voice. Nancy follows the specter into the basement, where the old well has filled with liquid. Elliot urges whatever is in the well to reveal itself and restore Susan to life. Instead, a demon leaps from the well, burns Elliot's face with fiery breath and drags him to Hell. The house begins to implode. Much of Elliot's team is killed by flying and exploding objects, but John, Nancy, and several others escape through a window. As John and Nancy leave, the well bubbles ominously as an eerily glowing fly emerges from it.
439	Amityville: A New Generation (1993)	Horror	Before the DeFeos moved into 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, New York, the house was occupied by the Bronners. In 1966, the Bronner family's eldest son, Franklin, killed his parents and two siblings during Thanksgiving dinner. Franklin, who had a long history of mental illness, claimed to have committed the familicide at the behest of otherworldly forces that resided within the house, and was committed to Danamore State Hospital. Years later, Franklin's wife and their young son, Keyes Terry, visited him. Despite being sedated, Franklin killed his wife in front of Keyes. Keyes repressed the memory of visiting Danamore, and never received any kind of notification about his father being discharged from it in 1986.In 1993, Keyes, now a photographer, lives in an inner city boarding house with his girlfriend, Llanie. The boarding house is owned by Dick Cutler, and its other tenants include a painter named Suki, and a sculptor named Pauli. Franklin tracks down Keyes, and gives him a mirror that he took from the house in Amityville. The mirror is demonic, and it kills Suki and her ex-boyfriend, Raymond. After Franklin is found dead, Keyes begins looking into his past, and realizes that Franklin was his father after visiting Danamore.The demon in the mirror assumes Suki's form to kill Dick, and then begins tormenting Keyes by turning into Franklin. Keyes gets sucked into the mirror, which brings him to a Hellish version of Danamore where he encounters undead versions of Raymond, Suki, Dick, and Franklin. The demon then returns Keyes to the real world, and makes it clear that it wants Keyes to reenact the massacre of the Bronner family by shooting Llanie, Pauli, and Dick's wife Janet at the boarding house's Thanksgiving art show. Keyes resists the demon's influence and breaks the mirror, prompting his friend Detective Clark to sardonically quip, "Seven years bad luck."
440	Amityville II: The Possession (1982)	Horror	The Montellis, an Italian American family headed by Anthony Montelli and his wife, Dolores, move into 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, New York, with their 4 children, Sonny, Patricia, Mark, and Jan.An evil presence is shown to be lurking within the house, unknown to the family. Unusual and paranormal activities occur, such as unknown forces banging on the door at night when nobody is outside and an ugly demonic message painted on Jan's room's wall. For the latter, Anthony blames and beats his children, Jan and Mark, then beats Dolores for intervening, resulting in a fight between the entire family. Concerned by these developments, Dolores tries to have the local Catholic priest, Father Frank Adamsky, bless the house. However, an argument occurs within the family shortly after another demonic incident causes significant damage to the kitchen. Anthony blames the younger children again and hits Jan as Adamsky tries to intervene, but Anthony rudely orders him to leave. To Dolores' mortification, Adamsky leaves, disgusted at Anthony's behavior. He finds his car door open and the Liturgy of the Hours on the passenger seat torn to pieces. The situation inside the home continues to deteriorate; Anthony is shown to be strict, abusive, sacrilegious towards the Catholic faith, violent towards his family, and forcing his wife to have sex with him against her will. Dolores tries to keep things together for the youngest children.The family goes to church with Anthony so he can apologize for being rude to Adamsky, although Anthony only agrees to do it after Dolores threatens to divorce him. Sonny stays at home, claiming to feel unwell. He soon hears an alarming noise and goes downstairs to get his father's gun. He hears demonic laughter and follows it to a tunnel in the basement. The unseen presence pursues a frightened Sonny to his room, and he then falls victim to demonic possession. Now possessed, Sonny approaches Patricia to play a game with him. They pretend he is a famous photographer and she is his nude model. Patricia agrees to pose naked, and the pair end up having incestuous sex. Patricia is then seen at confession, partially confessing to the act and telling Adamsky that he does it to "hurt God" but not revealing that it was her brother she slept with.Sonny becomes more sinister and demonic as his face starts contorting demonically. Startled, he tries to keep his family away but is unsuccessful due to the demon's influence. On Sonny's birthday, he isolates himself from his birthday party, but  Patricia goes to check on him. She tells him she does not feel guilty about what they have been doing, but due to his demonic phases and his body's gradual demonic contortions, Sonny sends her away, using foul language. Patricia runs away crying and tries to tell Adamsky that she thinks Sonny is possessed, but he does not respond. Later that night, the evil spirit tells Sonny to "kill them all." Sonny, now fully possessed, goes and gets Anthony's rifle and kills him, Dolores, Jan, Mark, and finally Patricia, after hunting her down.The next day, the police arrive, pick up the bodies, and Sonny is arrested. Sonny tells Adamsky at the scene that he does not recall killing his family. Adamsky then realizes that Sonny is possessed and asks the bishops if he can perform an exorcism on him, but they refuse, not believing him. He then decides to perform an exorcism without the support of the Catholic Church. After freeing him from police custody, Adamsky takes Sonny to church. Sonny attacks him and escapes after seeing the crosses on the doors. Adamsky runs after Sonny traces him to the house, and performs the exorcism, releasing Sonny's soul. As the police arrive, Adamsky asks Father Tom to take Sonny away from him. Tom takes Sonny outside, where the police arrest him and take him back into custody. It is revealed that the demon has transferred itself into Adamsky. Father Adamsky's fate and whereabouts are left unknown, and eventually, the house is put up for sale, now destined to be purchased by the Lutz family.
441	Amityville Horror, The (1979)	Horror	The book describes the house at 112 Ocean Avenue as remaining empty for 13 months after the DeFeo murders. In December 1975, George and Kathleen Lutz bought the house for what was considered to be a bargain price of $80,000. The five-bedroom house was built in Dutch Colonial style, and had a distinctive gambrel roof. It also had a swimming pool and a boathouse, as it was located on a canal. George and Kathy married in July 1975, and each had their own homes, but they wanted to start fresh with a new property. Kathy had three children from a previous marriage: Daniel, 9, Christopher, 7, and Melissa (Missy), 5. They also owned a crossbreed Malamute/Labrador dog named Harry. During their first inspection of the house, the real estate broker told them about the DeFeo murders and asked if this would affect their decision. After discussing the matter, they decided that it was not a problem.The Lutz family moved in on December 18, 1975. Much of the DeFeo family's furniture was still in the house, because it was included for $400 as part of the deal. A friend of George Lutz learned about the history of the house and insisted on having it blessed. At the time, George was a non-practicing Methodist and had no experience of what this would entail. Kathy was a non-practicing Catholic and explained the process. George knew a Catholic priest named Father Ray who agreed to carry out the house blessing (in Anson's book, real-life priest Father Ralph J. Pecoraro is referred to as Father Mancuso for privacy reasons).Father Mancuso was a lawyer, judge of the Catholic Court and psychotherapist who lived at the local Sacred Heart Rectory. He arrived to perform the blessing while George and Kathy were unpacking their belongings on the afternoon of December 18, 1975, and went into the building to carry out the rites. When he flicked the first holy water and began to pray, he heard a masculine voice demand that he "get out". When leaving the house, Father Mancuso did not mention this incident to either George or Kathy. On December 24, 1975, Father Mancuso called George Lutz and advised him to stay out of the second floor room where he had heard the mysterious voice, the former bedroom of Marc and John Matthew DeFeo, that Kathy planned to use as a sewing room, but the call was cut short by static. Following his visit to the house, Father Mancuso allegedly developed a high fever and blisters on his hands similar to stigmata. At first George and Kathy experienced nothing unusual in the house. Talking about their experiences subsequently, they reported that it was as if they "were each living in a different house".By mid-January 1976, after another attempt at a house blessing by George and Kathy, they experienced what would turn out to be their final night in the house. The Lutzes declined to give a full account of the events that took place on this occasion, describing them as "too frightening".After getting in touch with Father Mancuso, the Lutzes decided to take some belongings and stay at Kathy's mother's house in nearby Deer Park, New York, until they had sorted out the problems with the house. They claimed that the phenomena followed them there, with the final scene of Anson's book describing "greenish-black slime" coming up the staircase towards them. On January 14, 1976, George and Kathy Lutz, with their three children and their dog Harry, left 112 Ocean Avenue, leaving all of their possessions behind. The next day, a mover arrived to remove the possessions to send to the Lutzes. He reported no paranormal phenomena while inside the house.The book was written after Tam Mossman, an editor at the publishing house Prentice Hall, introduced George and Kathy Lutz to Jay Anson. The Lutzes did not work directly with Anson, but submitted around 45 hours of tape-recorded recollections to him, which were used as the basis of the book. Estimates of the sales of the book are around 10 million copies from its numerous editions. Anson is said to have based the title of The Amityville Horror on "The Dunwich Horror" by H. P. Lovecraft, which was published in 1929.
442	Amityville Curse, The (1990)	Horror	In Amityville, New York, the same town where Ronald DeFeo Jr. murdered his family in 1974, a Catholic priest is shot to death in a confession booth in his parish church. After the murder, the booth is removed and stored in the basement of the clergy house.Twelve years later, psychologist Marvin and his wife Debbie purchase the clergy house. The couple invite their three friends: Frank, Bill, and Abigail, to help renovate the home. Debbie is immediately perturbed by the house and hears noises emanating from the basement, but Marvin dismisses her concerns. Debbie suffers nightmares revolving around the basement, particularly the confession booth. Marvin urges Debbie to note down her nightmares so he can psychoanalyze them. The next morning, the group are visited by Mrs. Moriarty, the eccentric former church secretary.Marvin and Bill investigate the basement, and Bill comes across the confession booth, among other artifacts from the church. After an outbreak of apparent poltergeist activity occurs throughout the house, the group all become convinced the home is haunted, with the exception of Marvin. To calm their nerves, they plan to go out for dinner at a local bar. Frank, suffering a migraine, remains at the house alone. At the tavern, Marvin speaks to two older men regarding the town's paranormal activities and feels it is nothing but a case of mass hysteria. The men bring up a boy murdering his whole family and possibly being possessed, and implying the house Marvin is currently in is likely possessed. At the same time, Debbie encounters Mrs. Moriarty again in the bathroom, where she obscurely rants and raves about the priest who once lived in the home.The next day, Mrs. Moriarty again stops by the house, but is confronted by an unseen assailant and thrown down the basement staircase to her death. Her murder is inadvertently recorded on a video camcorder Bill left in the house. Meanwhile, Debbie has a disturbing vision of a man hanging from a tree in the front of the house. Police are summoned after Mrs. Moriarty's body is found, and a detective tells Marvin about her connection to the house; he also divulges that police identified the murderer of the priest, a local teenage boy, but that he hanged himself before he was apprehended.Abigail is disturbed by the event and leaves. Marvin begins attempting to decipher Debbie's dream diaries, which Bill realizes consist of Latin exorcism writing. Meanwhile, Debbie suffers a nightmare in which she witnesses the truth of the priest's murder: He was shot to death by his illegitimate son, conceived during a sexual tryst with a female parishioner, who sought vengeance for being abandoned. She awakens and searches for Marvin, whom she finds dead in the confession booth in the basement. There, she is confronted by Frank, now possessed by the priest's illegitimate son. Meanwhile, police investigating Mrs. Moriarty's murder review the video tape, and are able to identify Frank as the perpetrator based on his shoes, which are caught on tape.Meanwhile, Frank chases Debbie through the house, during which she disfigures him by burning his face. He continues to pursue her, attempting to impale her with a processional cross. Debbie manages to stop him by shooting at him with a nail gun. Abigail returns and finds Frank, apparently dead, but he reawakens and begins strangling her. Using the processional cross, Debbie stabs Frank through the chest, impaling him to death. Later, Debbie and Abigail are escorted out of the house by police. A detective shows Debbie a photograph of an infant boy—the priest's illegitimate son—found at the crime scene. He asks if it is hers, to which she responds that it belongs to the house.
443	Birds, The (1963)	Horror	In 1963, at a San Francisco pet store, socialite Melanie Daniels meets lawyer Mitch Brenner, who wants to buy lovebirds for his sister Cathy's 11th birthday. Mitch recognizes Melanie from her court appearance regarding a practical joke gone awry and pretends to mistake her for a shop employee. He tests Melanie's knowledge of birds, which she fails, then discloses his prior knowledge of her and leaves without buying anything.Intrigued, Melanie buys the lovebirds and drives to Bodega Bay after learning Mitch has gone to his family's farm there. She learns Cathy's name from Annie Hayworth, a teacher at Bodega. Annie is Mitch’s ex-lover, but their relationship ended due to his overbearing mother, Lydia, who dislikes any woman in Mitch's life.Melanie rents a boat and crosses the bay to discreetly leave the lovebirds at the Brenner farm. Spotting Melanie departing, Mitch drives to meet her at the dock. At the wharf, Melanie is attacked by a gull. Inside a diner, Mitch tends to her wound and invites her to dinner.At the farm, Lydia's hens are refusing to eat. Lydia dislikes Melanie due to her exaggerated reputation, as reported in gossip columns. Mitch invites Melanie, who is staying with Annie, to Cathy's birthday party being held the next day. Later, there is a thud at Annie's front door. A dead gull is found at the threshold.During Cathy's party, Melanie tells Mitch about her troubled past and her mother running off with another man when she was Cathy's age. During a game, the children are attacked and wounded by gulls, touching off a war with birds. Later that evening, as Melanie dines with the Brenners, sparrows swarm the house through the chimney. Mitch insists she delay driving back to San Francisco and stay the night. The next morning, Lydia visits her neighbor to discuss the problem with their chickens. She discovers broken windows in his bedroom and his eyeless corpse, pecked by birds, and flees in horror. While recovering at home, Lydia fears for Cathy's safety, and Melanie offers to pick her up at school. As Melanie waits outside the schoolhouse, a flock of crows engulf the jungle gym behind her. Anticipating an attack, she warns Annie. Rather than leaving the students in the building with its large windows, they evacuate them, and the crows attack later on. Mitch finds Melanie at the diner. When gulls attack a gas station attendant, Mitch and other men assist him outside. The spilled gasoline is ignited by an unaware bystander's match, causing an explosion. During the escalating fire, Melanie and others rush out, but more gulls attack. Melanie takes refuge in a telephone booth. Mitch saves her, and they return to the diner. A distraught woman blames Melanie for the attacks, claiming they began with her arrival. Mrs. Bundy, an ornithologist who scoffed at the reports of birds attacking, sits in stunned silence.Mitch and Melanie go to Annie's house to fetch Cathy. They find Annie's body outside; she was killed by the crows while protecting Cathy. They take a traumatized Cathy home. That night, Melanie and the Brenners barricade themselves in the family home, which is attacked by birds that nearly breach the boarded-up doors and windows. During a lull, Melanie investigates a fluttering sound in the attic bedroom. After discovering that the birds have pecked their way in through the roof, Melanie is trapped and severely wounded, but Mitch pulls her out. Mitch insists they all drive to San Francisco to take Melanie, now injured, traumatized and catatonic, to a hospital.As Mitch readies Melanie's car for their escape, a sea of birds has gathered around the Brenner house. Mitch quietly moves the car out. The car radio reports bird attacks on nearby communities including Santa Rosa and Sebastopol and that the military may intervene. Cathy retrieves her lovebirds (the only birds who do not attack) from the house and joins Mitch and Lydia as they escort Melanie past a mass of birds and into the car. The car slowly drives away as the birds watch.
444	Blob, The (1958)	Horror, Sci-Fi	In a small Pennsylvania town in July 1957, teenager Steve Andrews and his girlfriend Jane Martin kiss at a lovers' lane when they see a meteorite crash beyond the next hill. Steve goes looking for it but Barney, an old man living nearby, finds it first. When he pokes the meteorite with a stick, it breaks open and a small jelly-like globule blob inside attaches itself to his hand. In pain and unable to scrape or shake it loose, Barney runs onto the road, where he is nearly struck by Steve's car. Steve and Jane take him to Doctor Hallen.Doctor Hallen anesthetizes the man and sends Steve and Jane back to locate the impact site and gather information. Hallen decides he must amputate the man's arm since it is being phagocytosed. Before he can, the Blob completely absorbs Barney, then Hallen's nurse Kate, and finally the doctor himself, growing redder and larger with each victim. Steve and Jane return in time for Steve to witness the doctor trying to escape through the window with the Blob covering him. They go to the police station and return with Lieutenant Dave Barton and Sergeant Jim Bert, but they find no sign of the Blob nor its victims. The skeptical Bert dismisses Steve's story as a prank. Steve and Jane are taken home by their parents, but they sneak out later.The Blob absorbs a mechanic at a repair shop. During a midnight screening of Daughter of Horror at the Colonial Theater, Steve recruits Tony and his friends to warn people about the Blob. When Steve notices that his father's grocery store is unlocked, he and Jane go inside to investigate. The janitor is nowhere to be seen. The couple is quickly cornered by the Blob and they seek refuge in the walk-in freezer. The Blob oozes under the door but quickly retreats. Steve and Jane gather their friends and set off the town's fire and air-raid alarms. The responding townspeople and police still refuse to believe them. The Blob enters the Colonial Theater and envelops the projectionist, then oozes into the auditorium. Steve is finally vindicated when screaming people flee the theater in panic.Steve, Jane and her kid brother Danny are trapped in a diner, along with the owner and a waitress, as the Blob—now enormous from the dozens of people it has consumed in the theater—engulfs the diner. Dave taps into the diner's telephone with his police radio and warns those in the diner to shelter in the cellar before the police bring down a live power line onto the Blob.Dave and Bert plan to electrocute the Blob by felling an overhead high-voltage power line. It discharges a massive electric current into the Blob, which is unaffected, but the diner underneath is set ablaze. When the diner's owner uses a carbon dioxide fire extinguisher on the approaching fire inside, Steve notices that the Blob recoils. Steve remembers it also retreated from the freezer and realizes it cannot tolerate cold temperatures. Shouting, in hopes of being picked up on the open phone line, Steve tells Dave about the Blob's vulnerability to cold. The firemen have a limited supply of CO2 fire extinguishers. Jane's father, high school principal Henry Martin, leads Steve's friends to break into the school to retrieve its extinguishers. When they return, a brigade of fire extinguisher-armed students, firemen and police drive the Blob away from the diner, freeing the five trapped there. They surround and freeze the Blob.Dave requests authorities send an Air Force heavy-lift cargo aircraft to transport the frozen Blob to the Arctic. Dave realizes that the cold will stop the Blob “as long as the Arctic stays cold”, but it won't kill it. Parachutes bearing the Blob on a pallet lower it onto an Arctic ice field with the superimposed words The End morphing into a question mark.
445	Body Snatcher, The (1945)	Horror	In Edinburgh in 1831, Mrs. Marsh brings her paraplegic daughter, Georgina, to see Dr. Wolfe MacFarlane at his home, where he has an office and an anatomy school. MacFarlane discovers a tumor pressing on Georgina's spinal cord, but insists he cannot perform the delicate operation to remove it because he is too busy teaching. After the Marshes leave, Donald Fettes tells MacFarlane that he cannot afford to continue his studies, so the doctor hires Fettes as his assistant.Fettes moves into MacFarlane's house. He is awakened one night when John Gray, a cab driver and body snatcher, delivers a corpse for MacFarlane's students to dissect. Although he says he would rather quit medicine than be involved with such ghoulish business, MacFarlane convinces Fettes of the importance of the work and that due to restrictions upon which corpses can legally be used for dissection, medical schools must work with men like Gray.At a pub, Gray, who calls MacFarlane "Toddy", gets MacFarlane to begrudgingly buy him a drink, telling Fettes he is an old friend. Fettes asks MacFarlane to reconsider operating on Georgina, and Gray seems to convince MacFarlane by making a threatening reference to "some private reasons" between them. When MacFarlane later tells Fettes that he does not really intend to help Georgina, as he does not have a cadaver to study, Fettes goes to Gray and asks him to procure another corpse. As guards have been posted at the cemeteries because he killed a dog during the last bodysnatching, instead of digging someone up, Gray murders a young street singer.Recognizing the singer, whom he had seen alive after he left Gray, Fettes tells MacFarlane that Gray must have killed her. He wants to contact the police, but MacFarlane cautions him that if a crime were committed, he would be an accomplice, and Fettes helps get the body ready for the students. The conversation is overheard by Joseph, the janitor at MacFarlane's school.MacFarlane performs Georgina's operation, and she recovers well, but still cannot walk. Frustrated, MacFarlane gets drunk at the pub, where Gray torments him by saying his studies with Dr. Knox taught him about dead bodies, not how to heal people. When Gray reminds MacFarlane that he helped keep the doctor from becoming involved in the trial of Burke and Hare, MacFarlane tells Gray that he is no longer afraid and demands Gray leave him alone.Joseph visits Gray to blackmail him about the murder of the street singer, and Gray acts agreeable, before smothering Joseph to death. Gray delivers the body to MacFarlane as a "gift", and when MacFarlane finds it, he tells Fettes to prepare Joseph for dissection and goes to deal with Gray. Fettes feels trapped, but Meg Cameron, MacFarlane's housekeeper and secret wife, tells Fettes about MacFarlane's past and convinces him to leave.MacFarlane tries to bribe Gray to stop tormenting him, but Gray rejects the offer, saying he enjoys having a great man under his thumb. Enraged, MacFarlane beats Gray to death. He tells Meg that he is finally rid of Gray, but she has doubts.The next day, Fettes sees Georgina stand up. He rushes to tell MacFarlane, but Meg says the doctor is in Penicuik, where he went to sell Gray's horse and cab after using his body for dissection. Fettes takes MacFarlane's carriage and gives MacFarlane the news in a tavern. A group of mourners enters, and MacFarlane, his spirits high, decides to dig up their relative's body so he can teach his students to perform "miracles".Fettes and MacFarlane seat the unearthed corpse, wrapped in a tarp, between them in MacFarlane's carriage. As they drive through the dark and the heavy rain, MacFarlane begins to hear Gray taunting him. He stops and orders Fettes to get down and shine a lamp on the body, and when he uncovers the head, he sees Gray's face. The horse bolts, leaving Fettes behind, and MacFarlane struggles with Gray's corpse, which seems to be trying to grasp him. After separating from the horse, the carriage tumbles down a steep hill. When Fettes reaches the wreck, he finds MacFarlane's dead body next to the corpse of the woman MacFarlane and he had dug up.
446	Burnt Offerings (1976)	Horror	Writer Ben Rolf, his wife Marian, and their 12-year-old son Davey tour a large, shabby, remote neo-classical 19th-century mansion to rent for the summer. The home's eccentric owners, elderly siblings Arnold and Rosalyn Allardyce, offer them a bargain price of $900 for the entire summer, with one odd request: Their elderly mother will continue to live in her upstairs suite, and the Rolfs are to provide her with meals during their stay. The old woman is obsessed with privacy and will not interact with them, so meals are to be left in her sitting room outside her locked bedroom.The family arrives at the house with Ben's elderly Aunt Elizabeth. Marian becomes obsessed with caring for the home, and wears the Victorian-era garments she finds in Mrs. Allardyce's suite, while distancing herself from her family. Of particular interest to her is Mrs. Allardyce's sitting room, which contains a massive collection of framed portraits of people from different eras, apparently former occupants of the house. Mrs. Allardyce's meals go mostly untouched, according to Marian. Various unusual circumstances occur during the summer; after Davey hurts himself playing, a dead plant starts to grow again; Ben cuts his hand on a champagne bottle, and a dead light bulb is mysteriously repaired; Ben is haunted by a vision of an eerie, malevolently-grinning hearse driver whom Ben first saw at his mother's funeral years earlier. With each accident that occurs, the house appears to rejuvenate itself, feeding on the family's energy.Marian slowly becomes possessed by the energy of the house. Aunt Elizabeth suddenly becomes ill and dies, after which the dead flowers in the solarium bloom. When Marian does not attend Aunt Elizabeth's funeral, Ben angrily confronts her about her obsession with the home and decides to leave the next day. Ben later sees old shingles and siding falling away, replaced by new ones as the house restores itself. Now convinced that the house is a living entity, Ben attempts to escape with Davey but a tree blocks the road. He sees Marian as the chauffeur and falls catatonic.The next day, while Davey is swimming and a catatonic Ben is watching him, the pool water turns into vicious waves, pulling the boy under. Marian rescues her son, and the incident awakens Ben from his catatonia. Marian agrees that it is time to leave but insists on going back inside to inform Mrs. Allardyce. When she fails to return, Ben goes inside to find her. He is horrified when he discovers that the elderly woman upstairs is his wife, who has inexplicably aged. "I've been waiting for you, Ben!" she says. Ben recoils in horror. Waiting in the car, Davey is shocked to see his father plummet from the attic window, landing on the car's windshield. In shock, Davey runs toward the house and is killed when one of the chimneys collapses on him.Some time later, the Allardyces marvel at the restored beauty of their home and rejoicing over the return of their "mother". In Mrs. Allardyce's sitting room, the photo collection now includes portraits of Ben, Davey, and Aunt Elizabeth.
447	Carrie (1976)	Horror	Sixteen-year-old Carrie White is a shy high school student who is frequently bullied by her peers. When Carrie experiences her first period while showering after gym class, she panics, having never been taught about menstruation. Her female classmates laugh and throw tampons and sanitary pads at her until the gym teacher, Miss Collins, intervenes. Her abusive and religiously fanatical mother, Margaret, tells Carrie that her period was caused by sin and locks Carrie in a "prayer closet" to pray to God for forgiveness. At school, Miss Collins reprimands Carrie's tormentors by punishing them with exercise detention, threatening to suspend them and revoke their prom tickets if they refuse. Carrie's longtime bully, Chris Hargensen, eventually refuses and gets banned from the prom.Plotting vengeance against Carrie, Chris and her delinquent boyfriend Billy Nolan break into a farm and slaughter pigs to drain their blood into a bucket, which they place above the school's stage in the gym. Carrie realizes she can control objects with her mind when she is upset. She learns her abilities are the result of telekinesis and begins researching books on the subject. Sue Snell, a classmate who feels remorseful for her part in bullying Carrie, asks her popular athlete boyfriend, Tommy Ross, to invite Carrie to prom. Carrie believes the proposition is a prank, but he insists it is genuine, and she eventually accepts. When Carrie informs her mother she plans to attend the prom, she angrily forbids her. Despite her protests, Carrie rebels as Margaret witnesses evidence of her daughter's telekinetic powers, denouncing Carrie as a witch.During prom, Chris and Billy hide under the stage while her best friend, Norma, and other conspirators switch the ballots to ensure Carrie wins the Prom Queen title. As Carrie stands onstage with Tommy, finally beginning to feel accepted by her peers, Sue realizes Chris and Billy's plan and tries to intervene. Miss Collins spots Sue and, thinking that she is plotting a prank, throws her out of the prom. Chris and Billy douse Carrie in pigs' blood before sneaking out of the school. The empty bucket hits Tommy on the head, knocking him unconscious. Norma begins to laugh with some other students, causing Carrie to hallucinate that everyone is mocking her, believing it was their plan all along. She telekinetically seals the exits and the students are attacked by a fire hose, injuring several, and killing Norma. A falling basketball backboard crushes Miss Collins after she and the students attempt to carry Tommy's body, and Carrie electrocutes her principal and English teacher, one of the two bursting into flames, setting the gym on fire. She exits the burning school and seals the doors behind her, leaving the trapped staff and classmates to die. As Carrie walks home, Chris attempts to run her over, but Carrie causes the car to swerve and roll over. Carrie ruptures the gas tank, and the car explodes, killing Chris and Billy.After Carrie bathes herself at home, Margaret reveals that Carrie was conceived when her husband was drunk, an act that Margaret admits she enjoyed. She then stabs Carrie in the back with a kitchen knife. Carrie telekinetically sends knives flying toward Margaret, killing her; then she destroys the house and dies.Some time later, Sue, who was the sole survivor of that night, has a nightmare in which she goes to lay flowers on the charred remains of Carrie's home. Upon the remains stands a "For Sale" sign, vandalized in black paint with the words: "Carrie White burns in Hell!" Suddenly, Carrie's bloody arm reaches from beneath the rubble and grabs Sue, who wakes up screaming as her mother tries to comfort her.
448	Omen, The (1976)	Horror	American diplomat Robert Thorn and his wife Katherine are living in Rome, where Katherine gives birth to a boy whom Robert is told died immediately. Hospital chaplain Father Spiletto persuades Robert to secretly adopt another baby whose mother has just died in childbirth. Robert does not tell Katherine that the child is not their own. They name him Damien.Five years later, Robert is Ambassador to the United Kingdom in London when mysterious phenomena begin to plague the Thorns: a menacing Rottweiler appears at their home, Damien's nanny publicly hangs herself during his fifth birthday party, a new nanny named Mrs. Baylock arrives unexpectedly, Damien violently resists entering a church, and animals at a safari park are terrified by his presence. Father Brennan warns Robert about Damien's origins, hinting that he is not human and insisting Robert take Holy Communion. He tells Robert that Damien is the son of Satan, that Katherine is pregnant, and that Damien will kill his unborn sibling and parents. Later, Father Brennan is killed by a falling lightning rod. Katherine tells Robert she wants an abortion, which he opposes. Damien knocks Katherine over a railing to the floor below, injuring her and causing her to miscarry.Photographer Keith Jennings notices shadows in photographs of the nanny and Father Brennan that presage their deaths. Keith shows Robert the photos along with news clippings and Biblical passages from Father Brennan suggesting the coming of the Antichrist. He accompanies Robert to Rome to investigate Damien's birth. They learn that a fire destroyed the hospital, including Katherine's maternity records, and killed the staff on duty. They find Father Spiletto in a monastery, severely burned, mute, blind in one eye, and partially paralyzed. He directs them to the cemetery where Damien's biological mother is buried. In the grave of Damien's mother, Robert and Keith find a jackal carcass and, in the next plot, a child's skeleton with a shattered skull. Robert realizes that the child was his own son, murdered so that Damien could take his place. A pack of Rottweilers drives Robert and Keith from the cemetery.Robert calls Katherine in the hospital to tell her that she must leave London. Before she can do so, Mrs. Baylock throws Katherine to her death from the window of her room. Robert and Keith travel to meet with Antichrist exorcism expert Carl Bugenhagen in Israel, who says that if Damien is the true Antichrist, he will bear a birthmark in the shape of three sixes. Carl gives Robert seven daggers with which to kill Damien on hallowed ground. Robert refuses to do so, but Keith remains convinced of its necessity. Shortly afterward, Keith is decapitated by a sheet of glass from a truck. Horrified, Robert reluctantly accepts his task.Robert finds the birthmark on the sleeping Damien's scalp and is attacked by Mrs. Baylock, whom he fatally stabs. Armed with the daggers, Robert drives Damien to a local cathedral. His erratic driving draws the attention of the police. Robert drags a screaming Damien onto the altar to kill him and begs God to forgive him, but the police arrive on the scene and shoot him as he brandishes the dagger.The double funeral is attended by the U.S. President and the First Lady. As the camera pans out, it is revealed that the funeral is Robert's and Katherine's. Meanwhile, Damien, standing with the first couple, turns and smiles at the camera.
449	Star Trek: The Motion Picture (1979)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi	In the 23rd century, a Starfleet monitoring station, Epsilon Nine, detects an alien entity, hidden in a massive energy cloud, moving through space toward Earth. The cloud easily destroys three Klingon warships and Epsilon Nine on its course. At Earth, the starship Enterprise is undergoing a major refit; its former commanding officer, James T. Kirk, has been promoted to Admiral. Starfleet Command assigns Enterprise to intercept the cloud entity, as the ship is the only one within range, requiring its new systems to be tested in transit.Citing his experience, Kirk uses his authority to take command of the ship, angering Captain Willard Decker, who has been overseeing the refit as its new commanding officer. Testing of Enterprise's new systems goes poorly; two officers, including the ship's Vulcan science officer Sonak, are killed by a malfunctioning transporter, and improperly calibrated engines nearly destroy the ship. Kirk's unfamiliarity with the ship's new systems increases the tension between him and Decker, who has been temporarily demoted to commander and first officer. Commander Spock arrives as a replacement science officer, explaining that while on his home world, undergoing a ritual to purge himself of emotion, he felt a consciousness that he believes emanates from the cloud, making him unable to complete the ritual because his human half felt an emotional connection to it.Enterprise intercepts the energy cloud and is attacked by an alien vessel. A probe appears on the bridge, attacks Spock, and abducts the navigator, Ilia. She is replaced by a robotic replica, sent by the entity, which calls itself "V'Ger", to study the "carbon units" on the ship. Decker is distraught over the loss of Ilia, with whom he had a romantic history, and becomes troubled as he attempts to extract information from the doppelgänger, which has Ilia's memories and feelings buried inside. Spock takes an unauthorized spacewalk to the vessel's interior and attempts a telepathic mind meld with it. In doing so, he learns that the entire vessel is V'Ger, a non-biological living machine.At the center of the massive ship, V'Ger is revealed to be Voyager 6, a 20th century NASA space probe from the Voyager program. It was believed lost in a black hole. The damaged probe was found by an alien race of living machines that interpreted its programming as instructions to learn all that can be learned and return that information to its creator. The machines upgraded the probe to fulfill its mission, and on its journey, the probe gathered so much knowledge that it achieved sentience. Spock discovers that V'Ger cannot give itself a purpose other than its original mission; having learned everything it could on its journey home, it finds its existence meaningless. Before transmitting all its information, V'Ger insists that the "Creator" come in person to finish the sequence. The Enterprise crew realizes humans are the Creator. Decker offers himself to V'Ger; he merges with the Ilia probe and V'Ger, creating a new life form that disappears into space. With Earth saved, Kirk directs Enterprise to space for future missions.
450	Star Trek V: The Final Frontier (1989)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi	The crew of the newly commissioned USS Enterprise (NCC-1701-A) are enjoying shore leave after the starship's shakedown cruise, with Kirk, Spock, and McCoy camping at Yosemite National Park. Their leave is interrupted when the Enterprise is ordered by Starfleet Command to rescue a human, a Klingon, and a Romulan, all diplomats who have been taken hostage on Nimbus III, a planet set aside as a neutral location to advance dialogue among the Federation, Klingon Empire, and Romulan Star Empire. Learning of the Enterprise's mission, the ambitious Klingon Captain Klaa decides to pursue Kirk for personal glory.On Nimbus III, the Enterprise crew discovers that Sybok, a renegade Vulcan, is behind the hostage crisis, prompting Spock to admit that Sybok is his half-brother. After the Enterprise crew saves the hostages, Sybok reveals that the hostage-taking was a ruse to lure a starship, which he plans to use to travel to the mythical planet Sha Ka Ree. Sybok believes it lies behind the Great Barrier, a powerful energy field at the galaxy's center, and that God is located there. To take control of the ship, Sybok uses his ability to reveal and heal the innermost pain of a person through the Vulcan mind meld, thus gaining the loyalty of most of the crew. McCoy's pain is that he had helped fulfill his terminally ill father's request to die, only to find later that a cure could have saved his father's life, which has caused him years of guilt. Spock's pain is the knowledge that his father rejected him at birth for being "too human", though he is unmoved by the experience since he has made peace with his father. Kirk refuses to let Sybok remove his pain, claiming that it is necessary to make him human.The Enterprise successfully breaches the Great Barrier, unaware they are being followed by Captain Klaa's warship, a Klingon bird-of-prey. They discover a lone barren planet, and Sybok, Kirk, Spock, and McCoy take a shuttlecraft down to the surface. It appears uninhabited, but after Sybok calls out, a glowing field appears which quickly morphs through many forms representing various religions before settling into the image of a bearded human face, to which Sybok explains that they have come for "your wisdom". The entity asks how they breached the barrier, and upon being told about the Enterprise, it declares that it will use the ship to carry its wisdom to every corner of the universe. A skeptical Kirk asks, "What does God need with a starship?", and when the entity asks who he is, Kirk expresses doubt that the actual supreme being would not already know. Irritated, the entity attacks him and Spock, after which they discover it is a powerful and malicious being, imprisoned on Sha Ka Ree in the distant past, with the Great Barrier put in place to keep it from escaping.Realizing his earlier naiveté, Sybok apologizes and attempts to distract the entity by physically attacking it, allowing the others the opportunity to escape. Kirk orders the Enterprise to fire a barrage of photon torpedoes, but while Sybok is killed, the entity is only weakened. Spock and McCoy beam back to the ship right before the Klingon ship unexpectedly attacks and damages the Enterprise, stranding Kirk on the planet with the weakened and enraged entity. As he is about to be killed, the Klingon Bird of Prey swoops down and destroys the entity with a volley of disruptor fire.  Kirk is beamed aboard the Klingon ship, where Spock is unexpectedly waiting. As Spock explains, he convinced the Klingon General Korrd (one of Sybok's hostages who had become a loyal follower) to order Captain Klaa to stand down and apologize for his actions, which Klaa grudgingly does. After returning to Earth, Kirk, Spock, and McCoy resume their camping trip at Yosemite.
451	Grease (1978)	Comedy, Musical, Romance	During the summer of 1958, greaser Danny Zuko and straight-laced Australian girl Sandy Olsen fall in love at the beach. As Sandy prepares to return home, she worries that she'll never see Danny again, but he comforts her that the summer is "only the beginning" for them. On the first day of his senior year at Rydell High School, Danny reconnects with the members of his greaser gang the T-Birds: Sonny, Putzie, Doody, and his best friend Kenickie. Sandy arrives at Rydell and is introduced to girls' gang The Pink Ladies—Marty, Jan and leader Betty Rizzo—by mutual friend Frenchy. At lunch, Danny and Sandy each separately describe their summer, unaware of the other's presence until Sandy mentions Danny's name, which the Pink Ladies recognize.At a pep rally, Sandy, now a cheerleader, flirts with Tom, a football player. Kenickie arrives in "Greased Lightnin'", a heavily used car he plans on restoring to drag race it at Thunder Road. Rizzo and the Pink Ladies surprise Sandy by reuniting her with Danny. Sandy is thrilled, but Danny makes fun of her to maintain his tough image. Frenchy invites her to a sleepover with the other Pink Ladies that night to make her feel better.At the sleepover, Rizzo makes fun of Sandy's good girl image and Frenchy announces she's dropping out of Rydell to go to beauty school. The T-Birds crash the party, and Rizzo leaves with Kenickie to have sex in Greased Lightnin' at a nearby make out spot. While there, rival greasers Leo and Cha-Cha interrupt the act.  Danny motivates the T-Birds to work on the car by saying it will win them both girls and races. Later, he sees Sandy on a date with Tom and tries to apologize for his attitude at the pep rally, but she is unconvinced. Danny tries several sports in order to impress Sandy, eventually succeeding at track and field. Sandy, bored with Tom, agrees to be Danny's date to an upcoming dance at which the television show National Bandstand will do a live broadcast from the Rydell gym. Rizzo and Kenickie break up after a fight and Frenchy admits she dropped out of beauty school. A guardian angel advises her to return to Rydell.At the dance, Rizzo and Kenickie bring Leo and Cha-Cha as their respective dates out of spite. In a ribald dance contest that ends in the T-Birds mooning the cameras, Danny begins the contest with Sandy before Sonny pushes Sandy off the floor and Cha-Cha cuts in. Danny and Cha-Cha win. Danny takes Sandy to a drive-in movie and asks her to wear his ring. She accepts but gives it back when he tries to make out with her. She runs out of the drive-in, leaving Danny hurt. Meanwhile, Rizzo tells Marty she thinks she is pregnant. When word reaches Kenickie, he asks if he can help, but she tells him it's not his. At Thunder Road, Kenickie's head collides with his own car door, leaving him concussed. Danny takes his place behind the wheel and beats Leo in the race. Sandy decides to change her image and asks Frenchy for help. At Rydell's graduation carnival, Rizzo tells Kenickie she isn't pregnant and they get back together. Danny shocks the T-Birds by wearing a letterman's sweater and Sandy shocks everyone with her new sexy leather outfit. She and Danny also reconcile and the whole gang vows to "always be together". Danny and Sandy drive off into the sky while their friends wave goodbye.
452	Jaws 2 (1978)	Action, Horror	Four years after the killing of the great white shark, a new hotel opens on Amity Island, while another great white shark kills two scuba divers photographing the wreckage of the Orca. Their camera, which took pictures during the attack, is later recovered by Deputy Jeff Hendricks. The next day the shark kills a water skier, before attacking the pilot of the boat, who attempts self-defense by using a gas tank and flare gun, but the boat explodes, killing her and severely burning the shark's face.An orca carcass is found on the beach. Police Chief Martin Brody believes that a shark is responsible. He then finds floating debris from the destroyed speedboat and the boat pilot's burnt remains. Brody attempts to contact oceanographer Matt Hooper for help, but he is away on a research expedition in Antarctica. When Brody raises his concerns, Mayor Larry Vaughn urges him not to press the issue, concerned about Brody's mental state and worried about jeopardizing the island’s tourism and new development plans. Concerned for his family’s safety, Brody forbids his 17-year-old son Mike from going out on the water.The following day, Brody watches the beach from an observation tower and causes a panic after mistaking a school of bluefish for a shark and shooting at it. However, his fears are confirmed when photos from the diver's camera are processed, and one of them shows a closeup of the shark's face. When he presents the photo evidence to the Amity Town Council, developer Len Peterson dismisses his concerns, and the council votes to remove Brody as police chief, with Vaughn the only member not voting against him.The next morning, Mike defies his father's orders by going sailing with his friends. He reluctantly brings his 10-year-old brother Sean, who catches him trying to sneak out, to keep him from tattling on him to their parents. Marge, another teen, takes Sean with her, and they head out on six boats, going past a team of divers led by instructor Tom Andrews. Shortly after submerging, Andrews encounters the shark in a kelp forest. Panicking, he rushes to the surface, causing a bends attack and an embolism. Later, the shark hits the boat of teenage couple Eddie Marchand and Tina Wilcox, who are separated from the main group, and mauls Eddie to death.Brody and his wife Ellen witness Tom's evacuation by ambulance and hear that the other divers suspect that something scared him. Hendricks, who has taken over as Brody's replacement, tells them that Mike went sailing with his friends, so Brody and Ellen commandeer the police boat, aided by Hendricks, to rescue them. They come across Tina's boat, where she tearfully confirms the shark's presence. Brody hails a passing boat to take Hendricks, Ellen, and Tina back to shore while he continues searching for the other kids. Back on the mainland, Ellen berates Peterson for having Brody fired and for ignoring the shark threat.Meanwhile, the shark attacks the group's boats, causing most of them to capsize or crash. Mike is knocked unconscious and falls in the water. The only pair whose boat is still seaworthy retrieve Mike and leave the others to take him ashore; Sean and the others remain adrift upon the wreckage. A Harbor Patrol helicopter that Brody contacted earlier arrives to tow them to Cable Junction, a small rocky island nearby which houses an electrical relay station that supplies power to Amity. However, the shark surfaces and latches onto the chopper's pontoons, capsizing it and drowning the pilot. The shark knocks Sean into the water, and Marge is eaten while saving him.Brody finds Mike, who informs him of the situation before Brody sends him to safety. Brody finds the others at Cable Junction. The cheering and jumping that greet him attracts the shark, which attacks, causing Brody to crash the police boat on the rocks. Using an inflatable raft, he taps an underwater power cable with an oar to lure the shark toward him. The shark bites the cable and is electrocuted to death. Brody and the other survivors gather on Cable Junction to await rescue.
453	Jaws 3-D (1983)	Action, Horror	Michael "Mike" Brody, son of police chief Martin Brody of Amity Island, is working as chief engineer at SeaWorld Orlando alongside his girlfriend, Kathryn "Kay" Morgan, the park's senior biologist. Among the attractions are new underwater tunnels that allow for a view of the undersea life.While the park's lagoon gates are stuck open, a great white shark follows an unsuspecting team of water skiers into the park. Kay and her assistants notice that the resident dolphins, especially two individuals Cindy and Sandy, are afraid of leaving their pen and going out into the lagoon. Later, Calvin Bouchard, the park manager, welcomes his friend, adventurer and hunter Philip FitzRoyce, and Mike's younger brother Sean arrives for a visit having taken the summer off from college. That night, Shelby Overman, a mechanic, dives into the water to repair and secure the gates. He is attacked by the shark and killed, severing his right arm. Mike, Kay and Sean go out for drinks and Sean meets and begins dating Kelly Ann Bukowski, one of the park's water skiers. Meanwhile, two criminals sneak into the park and go underwater to steal coral they intend to sell, but both are killed by the shark in the process.The next day, Kay and Mike are informed of Overman's disappearance. They go down in a submarine to look for his body, and during the search, they encounter a juvenile great white, only 10 ft (3.0 m) long. The dolphins rescue Kay and Mike, but the shark escapes back into the park. They inform Bouchard, and FitzRoyce suggests killing the shark on network television. Kay protests, instead recommending capturing the shark and keeping it alive in captivity, which would generate more publicity for the park. The shark is successfully captured, and Kay and her staff begin to nurse it to health. Calvin, desperate to start the money rolling in immediately, orders it moved to an exhibit, but the shark dies. Kelly persuades Sean out onto the water in a bumper boat, despite his trepidation due to his experiences in Amity.Overman's corpse is discovered and, reviewing the body, Kay realizes that the shark that killed him is the first shark's 35 ft (11 m) long mother and that it must also be inside the park. She is able to convince Calvin about this newest development when the shark herself shows up at the window of the underwater café. Flushed out from her refuge inside a filtration pipe, the shark begins to wreak havoc on the park, injuring Kelly, and causing a leak that nearly drowns everyone in the underwater tunnel. FitzRoyce and his assistant, Jack Tate, go down to the filtration pipe in an attempt to lure the shark back in as a trap to kill it. As Jack closes the pipe's gate, FitzRoyce successfully leads the shark into the pipe, but his tether rope suddenly snaps due to the strong current generated by its pumps. Trapped inside the pipe and unable to reach the ladder to the exit hatch, he decides to kill the shark with a bang stick to no effect.The shark proceeds to eat him whole before he can pull the pin from his grenade and kills him. Hearing that the shark has been lured into the pipe, Mike and Kay go down to repair the underwater tunnel, so the technicians can restore air pressure and drain the water. Calvin orders the pumps to be shut down to suffocate the shark, but this act instead allows it to break free from the pipe and attack Mike and Kay, but they are again saved by the dolphins. They make their way back to the control room and the civilians in the underwater tunnel are safely evacuated. The shark suddenly appears in front of the window and smashes through the glass, flooding the control room and killing a technician.When the shark's mouth is open, Mike notices FitzRoyce's corpse which has drifted there from inside its belly still holding the grenade. Mike uses a bent pole to pull its pin, triggering the grenade's explosion and killing the shark while he and Kay take cover. Afterwards, Mike and Kay celebrate with the dolphins, who survived their battle with the shark.
454	Bastard Out of Carolina (1996)	Drama	Ruth Anne "Bone" Boatwright, is a young girl growing up in Greenville, South Carolina in the 1950s. Born out of wedlock to Anney, Bone lives with her mother and their extended family in a poor part of town. Anney loves Bone, but is still very much a child herself, exhausted from working and needy for both attention and adoration. Bone and Anney nearly always face the shame of the "ILLEGITIMATE" stamp on Bone's birth certificate. When the county courthouse burns down, Anney is happy that a copy of Bone's birth certificate no longer exists.After her kind, hardworking first husband, Lyle Parsons, the father of Bone's half-sister, is killed in an automobile accident, Anney remarries a man named Glen Waddell, who seems attentive until Anney and Glen's baby dies at birth. Glen first molests Bone while waiting in the car for the birth of his child. Frustrated by the loss of his eagerly-anticipated son, Anney's inability to have more children, and his own inability to manage his temper as well as maintain steady employment, Glen begins to physically and sexually abuse Bone regularly; beating her in the bathroom. Bone wakes her mother in the middle of the night, barely able to walk because of the immense pain she is in. Anney takes her to the hospital, where the doctor berates Anney for beating the child so badly that her coccyx is broken. The only thing Bone says is 'Mama.' Anney takes Bone to the car, leaving the hospital against the doctor's wishes, and slaps Glen's hand away as he tries to comfort the girl. Anney is saddened and angered by her new husband's behavior towards her child and takes Bone to her sister Alma's house to recover. However, once Bone is better, Anney returns to Glen after he swears to never touch Bone again. Yet the abuse resumes not long after.While reading with her daughter at the cafe, Anney asks Bone to go and stay with her Aunt Ruth since she is very sick. Ruth asks Bone about Glen and if he has ever hurt her. Bone says no and the two grow close listening to gospel music on the radio. After a visit from Dee Dee, Ruth dies from her illness. At Aunt Ruth's funeral, Bone's Aunt Raylene finds her in the bathroom falling over drunk; when she tries to take her to a bed, she discovers lashes on her legs and alerts the girl's uncles, Earle, Wade, and Travis, who brutalize Glen for what he did to her. Bone is sent to live with her aunts, and eventually tells her mother that she will forgive her if she chooses Glen over her, but that she will never live under the same roof with him again.Eventually, Glen comes around while the aunts are out, trying to force Bone to come back. But she refuses, asks him to leave, and then threatens to tell Anney everything he has done to her, even saying that she'd rather die than live with him again.When Bone fights back, Glen punches, and then rapes her, breaking her arm. Anney discovers the rape and retaliates by beating Glen over the head with a glass bottle full of milk, breaking it and resulting in him bleeding profusely from his head, then screams at him. She then carries her daughter out of the house away from him and to her car.Glen stumbles out of the house after Anney, begging her to forgive him and saying he can't live without her. Ignoring his pleas, she gets into her car, starts it, and tries to drive away, attempting to leave him for good. Glen then leans against the car door and repeatedly smashes his head against it, screaming for Anney to kill him if he can't be with her anymore. Instead, she strokes his head in forgiveness, believing he will never hurt Bone again. This causes Bone to feel disgusted and shocked, making her, for the first time, hate her own mother. Ultimately, Anney returns to Glen.Moments after, Bone is visited at the hospital by her Aunt Raylene. When the cops attempt to question her about who brutalized her, she still refuses to reveal that it was Glen and calls out for her mother who is nowhere to be found.In the end, Bone is allowed to stay with her Aunt Raylene and Uncle Earle, far away from the reach of those who would harm her. Her mother visits one final time to deliver to her the copy of her birth certificate without the mark of "ILLEGITIMATE" and apologizes for what happened, saying that she loved Glen too much to see who he really was, and she tells Bone that she loves her, before ultimately driving away to rejoin Glen without telling her where she's going. Bone remains with her Aunt Raylene and Uncle Earle, and with this final, tearful goodbye, she cries for her mother's sacrifice and for the freedom she has at last achieved. The film ends with Bone declaring that she forgives her mother.
455	Jackie Chan's First Strike (1996)	Action	Whilst working for the CIA, Jackie is assigned to follow leads of a nuclear smuggling case. One of the tasks the CIA gives him is simple enough: watch a woman named Natasha while on a plane from Hong Kong to Crimea and record her movements. Jackie arrives in Simferopol and the CIA, partnered with local Ukrainian Security Service, take over the task of following Natasha. However, the CIA operation almost falls apart when the Ukrainian Strike Force arrest Natasha. Luckily for the CIA, Jackie spots Natasha being driven away and he discreetly follows her.During the chase in Yalta, Jackie discovers that Natasha is working with an unknown male partner, who actually called in the Strike Force to prevent Natasha from being followed. Natasha and the unknown male are also romantically involved. Jackie decides to follow the unknown male to a remote lodge in the Crimean Mountains, and informs the CIA of his location. The unknown male is apparently meeting with Russian mafia members who are interested in a nuclear bomb that is in his possession. The criminals are on high alert when they spot Jackie and agents of both the Ukrainian Militsiya and the CIA arriving. A gunfight ensues. During the battle, the unknown male is identified as Jackson Tsui, a Chinese-American nuclear scientist with CIA links, suspected of stealing a nuclear warhead.Jackie finds a briefcase which contained evidence from Tsui, but as he is chased by mafia forces, Jackie loses the briefcase as he falls into frozen waters, and the mafia takes the briefcase. When he recovers in Russian military hospital, he meets Colonel Gregor Yegorov of the Russian FSB, who explains the situation. Jackie goes with him to Moscow where he discovers he has been assigned to work with Gregor to solve a similar case involving nuclear weapons being smuggled out of Ukraine. His task is to track Tsui, who disappeared after their last encounter. He is smuggled into Brisbane, Australia by a Russian submarine.In order to find out where Jackson is, Jackie befriends his younger sister Annie, who works at an aquarium doing shark shows. Jackie pretends to be Jackson's "sworn brother". Chan's deception is successful, and he eventually meets Uncle 7, the Tsuis' father and the local Triad boss. Uncle 7 is seriously ill and will be getting surgery soon. While meeting Uncle 7, Jackie reveals the true nature of his visit to both Uncle 7 and Annie and informs them of Jackson's criminal activities. Jackie then meets with Gregor to report his findings. He tells Gregor that if Uncle 7 dies, Jackson will surely show up. Unknown to Jackie, Jackson is hiding at the hospital and has given a nuclear warhead (disguised as a small oxygen tank) to Annie, who hides it at the aquarium.While following Annie, Jackie gets held up by Jackson, who claims to have a deal with Gregor. He also reveals to Jackie that Gregor has secretly put audio bugs in several of the objects the FSB gave him. After realizing he has been used by Gregor for nefarious purposes, Jackie decides to return home and write a full report to both of their superiors. Two men are sent to kill him, and he is framed for the murder of Uncle 7. He attempts to clear his name by going to see Annie at the memorial hall, but he is (unsurprisingly) unwelcome, having to fight Allen and the family's bodyguards until Jackson arrives to clear Jackie's name. Jackson explains that Gregor caught him on a CIA assignment three years before, and forced him to turn into a triple agent: a CIA agent ostensibly turned by the FSB, but in reality serving Gregor's private criminal schemes.Gregor uses the nuclear warheads to secure stakes in oil franchises in the Middle East. Jackson was trying to get money from Gregor for the warhead. However, after overhearing the conversation, Annie believes Jackie was right and blames Jackson for his wrongdoing behind her back. Annie, Jackie, and Jackson decide to work together to find Gregor and bring him in. Uncle 7's elaborate Chinatown funeral becomes the scene for a complex shootout between the various parties, injuring Jackson as he's caught in an RPG explosion. Annie and Jackie attempt to retrieve the stolen warhead from the shark pool (so that they can return it to the police), but Gregor and his men follow them, leading to a climactic confrontation underwater. During the fight, Gregor shoots the aquarium tank and shatters the glass, which releases a great white shark into the restaurant area.During the confusion, Gregor escapes with the warhead and kidnaps Annie to a getaway boat. Jackie saves the tourists from the shark and then pursues Gregor. While Gregor escapes in the getaway boat, Jackie finds and drives a Mitsubishi FTO display car onto the boat. The car pins Gregor, allowing Jackie to successfully retrieve the warhead and save Annie as armed police close in. Gregor and Jackson are apprehended by the Australian police and turned over to Russian authorities. The case is solved, and Jackie is thanked for his work by the FSB and returns to his work in Hong Kong.
456	Beverly Hills Ninja (1997)	Action, Comedy	A clan of ninjas in Japan finds a chest washed ashore with a white baby boy inside. One of their legends speaks of a foreign white man who would become a master like no other. Haru is raised with the expectation that he will become the legendary master and trained in ninjutsu. As Haru grows into adulthood, doubts are raised as he is clumsy, overweight, lacks his ninja skills, and he fails to graduate as a ninja. Left alone to protect the temple while the clan is on a mission, Haru disguises himself as a ninja when an American woman, Sally Jones, comes seeking assistance. She tells Haru she is suspicious of her boyfriend, Martin Tanley, and asks him to investigate. Haru discovers Tanley and his bodyguard, Nobu, are in league with the Yakuza, are involved in a money counterfeiting business during which Martin winds up killing one of his dealers, but Haru cannot tell Sally before she leaves. Haru is also spotted by the police and blamed for the murder. Haru takes a plane to Beverly Hills to find Sally. The clan's sensei sends Haru's adoptive brother, Gobei, to secretly watch over and protect him during his mission.Haru checks in at a Beverly Hills hotel, where he befriends its bellboy, Joey Washington, and teaches him some ninja lessons. Haru tracks Tanley and Nobu to a nightclub in Little Tokyo, where they attempt to retrieve some counterfeiting plates from their rival gang. The gangs fight, resulting in the deaths of two of the rival gang members, for which Haru once again finds himself the prime suspect. Haru returns to the hotel the next day, where he receives guidance from his sensei. When Haru locates Tanley's mansion, he finds Sally and discovers her real name is Alison Page. Alison informs him that Tanley murdered her sister, and she is dating Tanley with a fake name to get evidence. Haru discovers that Tanley will hire an ink specialist, Chet Walters, to help counterfeit money. His investigation is cut short when a rival gang attempts to whack Tanley, and Haru and Allison flee, breaking her cover. Haru and Allison visit Chet's office where they incapacitate him and drug him into revealing the truth about his dealings with Tanley. Haru disguises himself as Walters and infiltrates Tanley's warehouse. His identity is exposed after he fails to counterfeit the money properly, and Tanley captures him. While Tanley obtains the other half of the plates from the rival gang, Alison rescues Haru, only to be kidnapped by Tanley. Haru is then surrounded by the Los Angeles police during which Gobei used a smoke bomb to cover Haru's escape, being arrested himself, and later escaping. Haru enlists Joey's help to find Tanley's warehouse to rescue Alison. Gobei intervenes without Haru's knowledge and leads them back to the warehouse.Haru is overwhelmed by Tanley's guards. Gobei reveals himself to Haru and distracts the guards, allowing Haru to rescue Alison. Haru uses a forklift to smash into the room, where Tanley locked Alison up with a bomb. Trying to defuse the bomb, Haru accidentally resets it for five minutes and decides to help Gobei and suddenly snaps, demonstrating impressive martial arts moves that stun Gobei. Haru saves Gobei and defeats several guards. Haru and Gobei are left facing Nobu and two guards. Joey crashes through a window and knocks himself and one of the guards unconscious. Haru and Gobei defeat Nobu and the remaining guard and then fight Tanley. Haru accidentally knocks Gobei unconscious with a sheave and forces Tanley to flee. Haru shoots a harpoon mounted on a cart through the room and into the back of a truck in which Tanley is escaping. The harpoon drags the bomb into Tanley's truck and explodes. Haru rescues Alison, while Tanley and his hitmen are arrested by Los Angeles police. Joey is interviewed by a news reporter and claims to be "The Great Black Ninja".Haru returns to Japan, where he tells his sensei that he will be living in Beverly Hills with Alison. As Haru and Alison depart for Beverly Hills, a grappling hook falls from the bus and hooks Gobei's wheelchair, causing him to be thrown into the Pacific Ocean. As the film comes to an end, Haru shouts an apology to Gobei.
457	Free Willy 3: The Rescue (1997)	Adventure, Children's, Drama	Sixteen year-old Jesse works as an orca-research assistant on a research ship called the Noah alongside his old friend Randolph who promised Glen and Annie to keep him out of trouble while on the job. Aboard just such a ship, the Botany Bay, ten year-old Max Wesley takes his first trip to sea with his father, John, a whaler from a long line of whalers and learns the true unlawful nature of the family business which includes selling whale meat to an underground Japanese market. During his first hunt, Max accidentally falls overboard and comes face to face with Willy. Jesse and Randolph discover a spear on Willy's fin, leading them to suspect he, his pregnant mate Nicky and their pod are being illegally hunted by Botany Bay's whalers who are posing as commercial fishermen. Jesse goes to the Noah's head boss Drake about the threat to the whales, but he refuses to take action until Jesse manages to get proof. When Jesse and Max meet for the first time, Jesse introduces Max to Willy properly after learning of Max's experience and his liking of whales.Later that night, while Randolph distracts John and the whalers at a bar like Jesse asked, Jesse manages to sneak on board the Botany Bay to steal one of the spears used to shoot the whales and discovers that the whalers are heading back out to go after Willy, Nicky and their pod, using an audio recording of a song which Jesse plays on his harmonica as a lure for Willy. Drake plans to call for help the next day, but knowing it will be too late then, Jesse, Randolph, and their fellow researcher Drew Halbert steal the Noah from her mooring and go after the whalers themselves. An outraged John finds out that his son is not on his side, but it does not stop Max as he jumps into the water, forcing the whalers to pause their pursuit of the whales to perform a "man overboard" rescue for Max, which gave Jesse, Randolph and Drew enough time to catch up.After the trio unsuccessfully use a flare gun and their boat's P.A. system to try to bluff the whalers into stopping, Jesse rams the Noah into the Botany Bay just as John fires a harpoon, the jolt causing the harpoon to miss Willy and knocking John into the water. Willy tries to kill him, but Jesse and Max convince Willy to spare him. John gets trapped under a net and nearly drowns, and ultimately comes face to face with Willy himself. Willy pushes him to the surface, allowing Jesse and Randolph to rescue him. The Coastal Marine Patrol arrive, having been summoned on the radio by Jesse before he rammed the Botany Bay, and catch the whalers in the act and arrest them. Being saved by Willy causes John to see the errors of his whaling ways and he reconciles with Max who forgives him.Days later, Jesse, Randolph, Drew and Max witness the birth of Willy and Nicky's son. Max suggests naming the newborn calf after Willy, but Jesse decides to name him after Max. After that, Willy, Nicky and Max swim off into the open sea.
458	Nixon (1995)	Drama	In 1972, the White House Plumbers break into The Watergate and are subsequently arrested. Eighteen months later in December 1973, Richard Nixon's Chief of Staff, Alexander Haig, brings Nixon audio tapes for Nixon to listen to. The two men discuss the Watergate scandal and the resulting chaos. After discussing the death of J. Edgar Hoover, Nixon uses profanity when discussing John Dean, James McCord, and others involved in Watergate. As Haig turns to leave, Nixon asks Haig why he has not been given a pistol to commit suicide like an honorable soldier.A majority of the movie is told through flashbacks of Nixon's tapes. Nixon starts the taping system, which triggers memories that begin a series of flashbacks within the film. The first begins on June 23, 1972, about one week after the break-in, during a meeting with H. R. Haldeman, John Ehrlichman and Dean. Ehrlichman and Dean leave, and Nixon speaks the "smoking gun" tape to Haldeman.Henry Kissinger figures prominently in the film, beginning as a respected professor and later as National Security Adviser and Secretary of State. Throughout the film, there is a battle with Nixon and his staff over who Kissinger actually is—is he a leaker who only cares about his reputation in the press, or is he a loyal subject who follows the president's orders? Although many cabinet members blame Kissinger for the leaks, Nixon cannot turn his back on him.While at the height of his political career, Nixon thinks back to childhood and how his parents raised him and his brothers. Two of his brothers died of tuberculosis at a young age and this deeply impacted the president. The film covers most aspects of Nixon's life and political career and implies that he and his wife abused alcohol and prescription medications. Nixon's health problems, including his bout of phlebitis and pneumonia during the Watergate crisis, are also shown; his heavy use of medications is sometimes attributed to these.The film hints at some kind of responsibility, real or imagined, that Nixon felt towards the John F. Kennedy assassination through references to the Bay of Pigs Invasion, the implication being that the mechanisms set into place for the invasion by Nixon during his 8-year term as Dwight D. Eisenhower's vice president spiraled out of control to culminate in Kennedy's assassination and eventually Watergate.The film ends with Nixon's resignation and departure from the lawn of the White House on the helicopter, Army One. Real-life footage of Nixon's state funeral in Yorba Linda, California plays out over the extended end credits, and all living ex-presidents at the time—Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, and George H. W. Bush—as well as then-president Bill Clinton, are shown in attendance.
459	Cry, the Beloved Country (1995)	Drama	Set in South Africa in October 1946, before the official implementation of apartheid, this is the story of church minister Stephen Kumalo (James Earl Jones) who is requested from his village to Johannesburg. There he discovers that his son Absalom has been arrested for the murder of a white man. Simultaneously, the white man's father, James Jarvis (Richard Harris), supports apartheid. When Stephen and James meet, they eventually come to unexpected understandings about their sons and their own shared humanity.
460	Crossing Guard, The (1995)	Drama	Jewelry store owner Freddy Gale (Jack Nicholson) has been tormented for five years following the death of his daughter, Emily. Once a devoted husband and father, he is now an alcoholic who spends his nights in strip clubs, sleeping with strippers. When John Booth (David Morse), the drunk driver who killed his daughter, is released from prison, Freddy visits his ex-wife Mary (Anjelica Huston) and reveals to her that he plans to kill Booth. She begs him not to, but an altercation occurs, with Mary's husband (Robbie Robertson) confronting Freddy. The two men briefly fight, and Freddy leaves.Booth resides in a trailer outside his parents' house. He merely desires to resume his life outside of prison, although he is haunted and remorseful for killing Emily. One night, Freddy arrives at the Booth residence, armed with a pistol. He clumsily breaks into the trailer and tries to shoot, but he forgot to load a magazine. John calmly explains he won't call the police and will let Freddy kill him, but asks for some time to savor his freedom. Freddy gives John three days to live.John tries to live his life as best as he can before the third day arrives. He meets an artist named JoJo (Robin Wright) at a friend's party. They have a brief romance before she realizes that he cannot let go of the mistake he made. He reveals to her that when he hit Emily, he came to her side as she was dying and Emily apologized to him for "not having looked both ways." John goes to Emily's grave and leaves flowers, but he leaves when he sees Mary there.On the third day, Freddy phones Mary and breaks down in tears as he tells her of a terrible nightmare he had. In the nightmare, he is driving by his daughter's school and stops at a crosswalk where children (including a living Emily) wait. He sees that John Booth is the crossing guard. Freddy then sees himself run over all of the children, even Emily. Freddy and Mary meet at a diner, and Mary tells him that he is beyond her help; Freddy becomes enraged and curses her. After Mary leaves, Freddy gets drunk and starts to drive to John's house. John waits in his trailer. A police officer stops Freddy and arrests him for drunk driving. Before the police can take him in, however, Freddy grabs his pistol and runs away. He breaks into a home and hides in a little girl's room. The girl guides the police away, and Freddy thanks her and leaves.Freddy arrives at John's trailer and waits before he enters. John abruptly jumps from a corner with a rifle in hand. Freddy tells him since he is on the run, on his property, and armed, John should be able to get away with killing him. There is a standoff as they point guns at each other. However, John drops his rifle and runs away. Freddy follows him. After a lengthy chase across the city, Freddy catches John climbing a fence and fires at him. John is only superficially wounded and continues running. Freddy continues his pursuit until he realizes that John has led him to the graveyard where Emily is buried. John talks silently to the grave and finally says, "Your daddy's coming". Freddy hands John his pistol and cries over the grave, apologizing to his daughter. John takes Freddy's hand as the sun rises.
461	Smoke (1995)	Drama	Harold Perrineau (born August 7, 1963) is an American actor. His breakout role was in the independent film Smoke (1995), for which he was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male. He went on to appear as Mercutio in Romeo+Juliet (1996) and Link in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions (both 2003). On television, he starred as Augustus Hill in the HBO prison drama Oz (1997–2003), Michael Dawson in the ABC series Lost (2004–2010), and Sheriff Boyd Stevens in the MGM+ horror series From (2022–present). Perrineau has also appeared in the films The Edge (1997), The Best Man (1999), Woman on Top (2000), and 28 Weeks Later (2007). His other television credits include Sons of Anarchy (2012), Constantine (2014–2015), Claws (2017–2022), and The Rookie (2019–2021).
462	Like Water For Chocolate (Como agua para chocolate) (1992)	Drama, Romance	A woman named Tita living in the early 1900s experiences the struggles of love, family dynamics, and family tradition.A young lady cutting onions, expressing the influences of emotions and cooking, tells a story of the birth of a girl named Tita. Tita's mother, Elena, gives birth on the kitchen table, assisted by the cook, Nacha. Shortly afterwards, Elena's husband dies of a heart attack when a stranger viciously tells him that his wife had an affair, and that his second daughter, Gertrudis, is not his. During the funeral, Elena explains to Nacha that she can no longer have children and family tradition dictates that Tita, being the youngest, cannot marry, but must take care of her mother until her death. Tita's sisters, Rosaura and Gertrudis, will be allowed to marry. Nacha takes charge of teaching Tita how to cook food in flavorful ways. Tita learns to infuse her emotions into food.Years later, a young man named Pedro Muzquiz professes his love and desire to marry Tita, who feels the same way about Pedro. On Tita's birthday, Pedro arrives with his father, Don Pascual Muzquiz, to ask for her hand. Elena explains why Tita is not allowed to marry and offers Rosaura, instead. Rosaura is delighted, Tita is devastated, and Gertrudis and Chencha (a maid) are disappointed. Nacha overhears Pedro tell his father that he is marrying Rosaura only to stay close to Tita. Nacha tells Tita, but she is too upset to believe it. While baking the wedding cake, Tita cries into the batter. During the wedding reception, Pedro tells Tita of his true feelings. Suspicious that Tita and Pedro are having an affair, Elena says Tita must stay away from Pedro. As the guests eat the wedding cake, everyone is overcome with great sadness for lost lovers and begin to cry, followed by vomiting. Overcome with this sadness, Elena rushes to her bedroom and tearfully looks at the photo of a well-dressed mulatto man, implying that the rumours about Elena's affair are true. Tita finds Nacha dead holding a picture of her husband.Some time later, Rosaura becomes pregnant. One day, Pedro brings Tita a bouquet of roses to celebrate Tita being the head cook. Elena commands Tita to throw them away, but Tita uses the petals to create a rose sauce for a quail dish. While eating the meal, everyone except Rosaura becomes filled with sensual gratification. Rosaura is sick, instead, and leaves the table. Gertrudis becomes so overheated that the shower house catches fire. She runs away naked, encountering the soldier Juan Alejandrez, who is fighting in the Mexican Revolution. Filled with a strong attraction to Juan, Gertrudis jumps onto his horse and leaves with him. Tita sees this, but tells Elena that Gertrudis was kidnapped and the soldiers set the shower house on fire. Elena is informed by a family priest that Gertrudis was forced into prostitution. Tita secretly sends Gertrudis her things.Rosaura gives birth to a sickly son, Roberto. Too ill to nurse Roberto, she must let Tita nurse him with Pedro monitoring. Still suspicious that Tita and Pedro are having an affair, Elena sends Rosaura, Pedro, and Roberto to live in Texas. Months later, Chencha informs Elena and Tita that Roberto, unwilling to eat, has died. Tita is greatly saddened, but Elena tells her to show no emotion and to continue with the kitchen chores. This brings Tita to an angry outburst and Elena slapping her with a wooden spoon, resulting in a nose bleed. Tita runs into the dovecote and Elena threatens to have the ladder taken down.For Tita, her rite of separation is the physical removal of her person from Elena's domination and into the dovecote, where she inhabits a state of nothingness for a period of seven days. Then, Tita is rescued by John Brown, a family doctor, who takes her to his home in Texas for treatment. Tita's rite of transition occurs with this rescue by Dr. Brown, where she eats the healing soup he has made for her and learns of the tunnel of light that she later encounters at the end of the film. Chencha goes to visit Tita and is shocked that she has recovered. Tita tells Chencha to tell Elena that she is never coming back to the ranch. Doctor Brown, who has fallen in love with Tita, proposes marriage, and Tita accepts.Back at the ranch, several bandits invade the property, rape Chencha, and push Elena off a cliff. Tita and Doctor Brown return to the ranch to prepare Elena's funeral. While dressing Elena's body, Tita discovers the locket and jewelry box containing the picture of Elena's lover. Pedro and Rosaura, now pregnant again, return for Elena's funeral, and Rosaura's water breaks. Rosaura has a difficult labor, but gives birth to a healthy baby girl named Esperanza. Esperanza refuses to be fed by Rosaura, so Tita once again takes on the duties of nursing. Due to complications in childbirth, Rosaura becomes infertile. To Tita and Pedro's dismay, Rosaura imposes the family tradition on Esperanza. Upon finding out about Tita's engagement to Doctor Brown, Pedro becomes jealous, and he sneaks into Tita's room to have sex with her.During a large social dinner, Gertrudis, now a military general, returns to the ranch with Juan Alejandrez, now her husband, along with their squad. Feeling guilty, Tita begins to have illusions of Elena chastising her for sleeping with Pedro. Tita suspects that she is pregnant with Pedro's child, and tells Gertrudis her concerns. Gertrudis advises Tita to tell Pedro. Gertrudis reminds Tita that the love Pedro and she share is true, and that Rosaura's feelings are irrelevant because she knew that Tita was in love with Pedro, but married him anyway. Tita is once again confronted with an illusion of Elena berating her. This time, Tita stands up to Elena, confronting her about her affair and then banishing her. While singing up to Tita's window with Juan, Pedro catches on fire. Tita treats Pedro's wounds until Doctor Brown shows up. Pedro, still jealous of Tita's engagement to Doctor Brown, wants her to break it off, and threatens to tell Doctor Brown about their one-night stand and her pregnancy. Tita tells Pedro she is not pregnant; it was a false alarm. From guilt, though, Tita tells Doctor Brown of her infidelity and apologizes for hurting him. Doctor Brown accepts her apology and states that he still wants to be with her, but will accept whatever decision she makes of their relationship. Rosaura confronts Tita about her relationship with Pedro. Rosaura threatens to kick Tita off the ranch if she goes anywhere near her daughter Esperanza, and dictates that Esperanza will never marry per family tradition.Many years later, Esperanza marries Doctor Brown's son. Through gossip, Tita is revealed to have stayed on the ranch to fight for Esperanza's right to marry, and Pedro woke up to find Rosaura dead from an unknown gastrointestinal illness, releasing Esperanza from the family tradition.  Pedro tells Tita that with Esperanza married off, they can rekindle their romance. After the wedding, they go to the guest house to make love. While having sex, Pedro has a heart attack and dies. Devastated, Tita commits suicide by swallowing matches, causing her body to spontaneously combust and the room to catch fire, which spreads throughout the entire property.The young woman narrating the whole story reveals that she is the daughter of Esperanza, and when Esperanza returned home from her honeymoon to find the property burned to ashes, she discovered Tita's cookbook, which she kept and passed down to her daughter.
463	Secret of Roan Inish, The (1994)	Adventure	Set in 1946, the story is told from the point of view of Fiona, a young girl who is sent to live with her grandparents in an Irish fishing village, after the death of her mother, illness of her father, and her own frail health.In the evenings, her grandfather tells tales about the family's history, including the evacuation from their generational home on the tiny island of Roan Inish during the Second World War. Known in Irish as Rón Inis, meaning "Island of Seals", Roan Inish is a real location near Narin, a village on the west coast of County Donegal in the west of Ulster.They live in the Ireland of tiny fishing villages, places where everyone knows one another. People live close to nature, and animals are respected and live alongside the villagers. Seals are especially respected for their special human-like spirit. It is said to be terribly wrong to harm a seal.As she meets other villagers, Fiona hears from a distant cousin, Tadhg, about an ancestor who married a beautiful selkie (seal-woman). The story goes that although theirs was a marriage full of happiness, success and many children, there was always the mysterious seal-bond to the ocean. Tadhg tells her that the selkie's blood remains in their family tree, and once in a generation, there is a "dark one" in the family, like himself, and Fiona's baby brother Jamie.Fiona hears details about how the sea seemed to steal her infant brother, Jamie, during the departure from Roan Inish, bobbing out of sight in his little cradle boat, some years earlier, never to be seen again.Her cousin, Eamon, who also lives near the grandparents for his health, often accompanies the Grandfather in his curragh - fishing boat - on daily errands to the islands including Roan Inish. Quickly the bright and older Eamon becomes a partner in Fiona's plans, as the day's adventures on the sea and shore become more interesting.Soon, on one of the visits to Roan Inish, Fiona believes that she has found Jamie romping on the strand and again, in the grass. She confides in Eamon, who warns her to not tell the grandparents for now. She observes that the seals seem to care for him, helping to feed him and play with him.They get the idea that her grandparents should move back to Roan Inish and, when they do, the seals will return Jamie to them. The grandparents' current landlord is selling their home and they will need to move soon, but won't move to Roan Inish due to the sadness they feel at losing Jamie. Without telling them, Fiona and Eamon reason: if they must move again, why not back to the cottages they loved best?Saying nothing to anyone about their plan, Fiona and Eamon set to the hard work of reclaiming the long-abandoned cottages on Roan Inish. They clean and restore the cottages, give them new thatch, paint, gardens, and furnishings.After returning to her grandparents, a terrible storm rises and Fiona fears for Jamie's safety in the strong winds. She wonders aloud: "I hope he thinks to go inside the cottage." Her grandparents hear her and are in utter disbelief at her explanation.Her grandmother is wise and unhesitant - rising to her feet and to the moment, her body and actions say: if there is any chance the child lives, when thought dead these years, rescue must be immediate.She gathers her husband, Eamon and Fiona, they pack what they need, and climb into the curragh and make their way to Roan Inish. Racing inside, they see that Jamie is not there and the wind is rising in power and the rain has begun. The grandparents are, however, astonished and grateful to Fiona and Eamon for their secret restoration of the cottages these past few weeks.Jamie's tiny cradle bobs to shore and he jumps out, heading for the cottages to escape the storm, shepherded to safety lovingly by the seals, as they'd probably been doing all along. But then he stops and runs back - he sees his grandparents and Eamon and Fiona, his big sister, and has no memory of them. In front of the group, grandmother calls to him to not be afraid and to come to them for love and safety - come to his family at last. Jamie remains motionless and afraid, still, then runs for his cradle, but at this point several of the seals herd him towards his family, and prevent him from returning to the cradle boat and the sea. He reluctantly makes his way into his grandmother's open arms and they make their way inside. Seeing that Jamie is safe, the seals depart.Indoors, the victorious family are elated at the return of the child they thought dead. They wrap Jamie in a blanket and sit in front of a warm dry fire. Fiona rocks him to sleep in her arms.
464	Vanya on 42nd Street (1994)	Drama	Actors in New York City rehearse Uncle Vanya in a dilapidated theatre.
465	Jungle Book, The (1994)	Adventure, Children's, Romance	During the British rule in India, Mowgli is the five-year-old son of Nathoo, a widowed guide who is guiding an expedition in the jungle for fellow widower Colonel Geoffrey Brydon, his five-year-old daughter, Kitty, and Brydon's friend, Dr. Julius Plumford. Shere Khan the tiger begins stalking the group when fellow guide Buldeo and two other soldiers kill some animals for sport, which is against the jungle law. Shere Khan attacks the camp at night, killing the two soldiers and Nathoo, who dies trying to fight him off to defend Buldeo.In the chaos, Mowgli and his wolf cub, Grey Brother, are separated and presumed dead. Mowgli meets Bagheera the panther who leads him to the wolf pack, and also befriends bear cub Baloo. Years later, a monkey steals a bracelet from Mowgli, which Kitty had given to him when they were children. Mowgli chases the monkey to an ancient abandoned city honoring Hanuman which hosts piles of treasure, ruled by an orangutan, King Louie. Mowgli battles and subdues Kaa the snake using a dagger and is given the bracelet back by Louie.Meanwhile, Kitty still resides in India with Brydon. Venturing into the jungle, she meets Mowgli again and does not recognize him. Mowgli also encounters Captain William Boone, Kitty's suitor, who perceives the animalistic Mowgli as a threat. Mowgli arrives in Kitty's village, and she recognizes him after seeing the bracelet. Mowgli is pursued by Boone; after a chase, he is caught by Buldeo, who recognizes Mowgli's dagger as being from the legendary city of Hanuman. Boone and his men imprison Mowgli and torture him in an attempt to find out where he obtained the dagger. Kitty informs her father that the prisoner is Mowgli, though Brydon remains skeptical; Kitty and Plumford attempt to reintroduce Mowgli to the world of man. Boone learns from Buldeo and his friend Tabaqui about the lost city and attempts to persuade Mowgli to show him the way. However, Mowgli refuses, citing that Boone does not keep the jungle law by killing animals for his own amusement.Brydon later announces that Boone and Kitty are to be married. A heartbroken Mowgli returns to the jungle after Boone and his men treat him poorly; Kitty refuses to marry Boone following this, enabling Brydon to send her back to England. Boone, desperate to find the treasure, recruits fellow soldiers Wilkins and Harley, and they team up with Buldeo and Tabaqui. They attempt to capture Mowgli but fail and Baloo is shot while defending Mowgli.The men later ambush Kitty and her father with the help of bandits, who later are attacked by Bagheera and the wolves and Brydon is shot in the leg. The would-be treasure hunters hold Kitty and Brydon hostage as leverage for Mowgli to lead them to the treasure. At night, Shere Khan returns; Mowgli promises to protect Kitty and Brydon from him and escapes the next morning with Bagheera's aid. Harley gives chase, only to fall into quicksand and drown. The party continues their journey, Boone leaving behind a wounded Brydon, who is helped back to the village on an elephant courtesy of Mowgli. Later, Tabaqui decides that Mowgli is no longer needed and tries to murder him, only to die after falling from a cliff. As they reach the city, Wilkins becomes separated from the group and is mauled to death by Shere Khan. Inside the city, Buldeo attempts to shoot Mowgli but is entombed in a booby trap. Boone and Kitty make it to the treasure room, where Boone tries to kill Mowgli with a sword, though Mowgli slashes his arm with a dagger and escapes with Kitty. Boone gathers treasure for himself, however his victory is cut short when Kaa kills him.Outside the ruins, Mowgli and Kitty are confronted by Shere Khan who roars at Mowgli. Mowgli roars back and Shere Khan sees him as a creature of the jungle, fulfilling a childhood dream of Mowgli's. Returning to the jungle, Mowgli and Kitty are delighted to find that both the lives of Brydon and Baloo have been saved by Plumford. Mowgli becomes lord of the jungle and begins a relationship with Kitty.
466	Red Rock West (1992)	Thriller	Michael Williams is a drifter living out of his car after being discharged from the Marine Corps. After a job on a Wyoming oilfield falls through due to his unwillingness to conceal a war injury on his job application, Michael wanders into the rural town of Red Rock looking for other work. A local bar owner named Wayne mistakes him for a hitman, "Lyle from Dallas", whom Wayne has hired to kill his wife. Wayne offers him a stack of cash—"half now, half later"—and Michael plays along by taking the money.Michael visits Wayne's wife, Suzanne, but instead of killing her, warns her that her life is in danger. She offers him more money to kill Wayne. Michael tries to leave town with her cash, but runs into a man by the side of the road and turns back to bring him to the hospital. It turns out that the hurt man had been shot shortly before Michael ran into him, and the hospital calls in the local sheriff, who turns out to be Wayne. Michael escapes but runs into the real Lyle from Dallas. Lyle and Wayne quickly figure out what has transpired, while Michael desperately tries to warn Suzanne before Lyle finds her.The next morning, when Lyle comes to get money from Wayne, he kidnaps both Suzanne and Michael, who are trying to retrieve cash from a safe in Wayne's office. Wayne and Suzanne are revealed to be wanted for embezzlement, and Wayne is arrested by his own deputies. Lyle returns with Michael and Suzanne hostage and gets Wayne out of jail to retrieve their stash of money. The dig up the cash from a remote graveyard where Wayne had buried it, and a melee ensues, with Lyle being killed, Wayne gravely injured, and Michael hurt as well.Michael and Suzanne board a nearby train, but when Suzanne tries to betray Michael, he throws the money out of the speeding train and then pushes Suzanne off to be arrested by the police. He remarks finally, "Adios, Red Rock". Michael notices and keeps a small packet of bills that hadn't blown out of the box car, and keeps riding the train.
467	Bronx Tale, A (1993)	Drama	In 1960, nine-year-old Calogero lives in Belmont, a working-class Italian-American neighborhood in the Bronx with his father Lorenzo, a Surface Transit (later MTA) bus driver, and his mother Rosina. Calogero becomes enamored of the Mafia presence in his neighborhood, led by local boss Sonny.One day, Calogero witnesses Sonny shoot and kill a man who was assaulting his friend. Calogero keeps quiet when questioned by NYPD detectives. Sonny's men offer Lorenzo a better-paying job but, preferring a law-abiding life, he politely declines.Sonny befriends Calogero and gives him the nickname "C". Calogero earns tips working in Sonny's bar and throwing dice, but is admonished by Lorenzo when he discovers the cash that his son has earned. Lorenzo returns the money to Sonny and warns him to keep away from Calogero.Eight years later, a 17-year-old Calogero has been visiting Sonny regularly without his father's knowledge. Calogero is part of a gang of local Italian-American boys, which concerns Sonny, who does not want him to live a life of crime.Calogero meets an African-American girl, Jane, and a tentative romance blossoms between them. Despite the high racial tensions between Italian-Americans and African-Americans in the area, Calogero arranges a date with Jane. He asks for advice from Sonny, who lends Calogero his car to impress her.Earlier, Calogero's friends beat up a group of African-American cyclists who are riding through their neighborhood. During the fight, Calogero initially refuses his friends' calls for help. He eventually joins the others, but rather than fighting, he tries to protect one of the cyclists. This cyclist turns out to be Jane's brother, who accuses Calogero of beating him up when he and Jane meet for their date. Calogero loses his temper over the accusation, and calls him a nigger, which he instantly regrets. Jane, disappointed, leaves with her brother.At home, Lorenzo confronts Calogero after seeing him driving Sonny's car. They argue and Calogero storms out. He runs into his friends, who tell him that some African-Americans egged their social club in retaliation to the earlier beating. Sonny and his crew confront Calogero after finding a bomb on Sonny's car. Calogero tearfully pleads his unwavering dedication to Sonny, who recognizes his innocence and allows him to leave. Calogero meets up with his friends and joins them in their car. After they drive off, his friends begin discussing their plans to use Molotov cocktails to get revenge on the African-Americans. Not wishing to appear scared in front of his peers, Calogero feigns a willingness to join in. After the car comes to a stop at a traffic signal, Sonny appears at the passenger side window and orders Calogero to get out. Calogero complies, and Sonny drives him back to the social club. Calogero catches up with Jane, who tells him that her brother admitted he wasn't the one who attacked him. As Jane and Calogero make amends, he suddenly remembers his friends' plans and the two rush to stop them. His friends target a record shop, and after performing a drive-by shooting, they begin to throw Molotov cocktails into the store. As they begin driving away, an African-American shopkeeper throws an unbroken Molotov cocktail back at them. Entering through an open window, it ignites a box of unused Molotov cocktails, causing an explosion. When Calogero and Jane arrive, the car is engulfed in flames and his friends lie dead on the ground.Calogero, afraid for his safety in Jane's neighborhood, rushes to Sonny's bar to thank him for saving his life, but a young man (who had planted the bomb) shoots Sonny in the head moments before Calogero can warn him. Calogero soon learns that the killer was the son of the man whom Sonny killed eight years earlier in front of Calogero's house.At Sonny's funeral, countless people pay their respects, but, as Sonny had once stated, none seem to really care about his death. When everyone but Calogero has left, a lone man, Carmine, visits the funeral and tells Calogero that Sonny once saved his life. Calogero does not recognize Carmine until he sees a scar on his forehead and realizes that he was the man whom Sonny defended.Carmine tells Calogero that he is filling in for Sonny in the neighborhood, and promises to help Calogero if he ever needs it. Carmine leaves as Lorenzo unexpectedly arrives to pay his respects to Sonny. Lorenzo thanks him for saving his son's life, and admits that he never hated him, but that he resented him for making Calogero grow up so quickly. Calogero bids goodbye to Sonny and walks home with Lorenzo while thinking about the lessons that he learned from his two mentors.
468	Rudy (1993)	Drama	In the 1960s in Joliet, Illinois, Daniel Eugene "Rudy" Ruettiger dreams of playing football at Notre Dame. However, he lacks the grades, money, talent, and physical stature to attend the university and to play major college football. After high school, Rudy works at a steel mill with his Notre Dame fan father and his older brothers John and Frank. After Rudy's supportive best friend Pete is killed in a mill explosion, Rudy decides to follow his dream.In 1972, Rudy visits Notre Dame but is academically ineligible to enroll. With the help of local priest and former Notre Dame president Father John Cavanaugh, Rudy enrolls at nearby Holy Cross College, hoping to transfer. Rudy meets the head groundskeeper Fortune at Notre Dame Stadium. Initially indifferent to Rudy's plight, Fortune later leaves him blankets and a key to the office, giving Rudy a place to stay on campus. Rudy learns that despite working at the stadium for years, Fortune has never seen a Notre Dame football game.Rudy befriends teaching assistant D-Bob, who helps him study in return for Rudy's helping him socially with girls. D-Bob tests Rudy for a learning disability; the results indicate that Rudy suffers from dyslexia, which he then overcomes to become a better student. At Christmas, Rudy returns home to find that his family appreciates his college academic achievements, but Frank still mocks Rudy for his attempts to play college football. Rudy persists, and even losing his girlfriend Sherry to his older brother Johnny does not deter him.After two years at Holy Cross and three rejections for admission to Notre Dame, Rudy is finally accepted and attends football tryouts in the hope of making the team as a "walk-on". Assistant coach Warren warns the walk-ons that 35 scholarship players will not even make the "dress roster" of players who take the field during games. However, Coach Joe Yonto notices Rudy's determination and gives him a spot on the daily practice squad. Rudy tells Fortune and persuades him to promise to see Rudy's first game.Rudy's hard work and dedication in practice convince  head coach Ara Parseghian to let him suit up for one home game in his senior year. However, Parseghian retires following the 1974 season and is replaced by former Green Bay Packers head coach Dan Devine, who refuses to put Rudy on the game-day roster. Frustrated by not being on the dress list for the last home game, Rudy quits the team.Fortune finds a distraught Rudy and reveals that he had actually played for Notre Dame years earlier. However, Fortune quit the team because he felt that his race kept him from playing; he has regretted this decision ever since. Reminded by Fortune that he has nothing to prove to anyone but himself and would forever regret quitting, Rudy returns to the team. When new head coach Dan Devine balks at allowing Rudy to dress for a game despite Parseghian's earlier promise, all of Rudy's fellow seniors line up and lay their jerseys on Devine's desk, requesting that Rudy be allowed to dress for the season's final game. Devine relents and lets Rudy suit up against Georgia Tech.With Rudy's family and D-Bob in attendance, Steele invites Rudy to lead the team onto the field, and Fortune is there to see the game as promised. With Notre Dame leading 17–3 late in the fourth quarter, Devine sends all the seniors into the game except Rudy, despite Steele's and the assistant coaches' urging. Fans are aware of Rudy's goal from a story in the student newspaper, and a "Rudy!" chant begins in the stadium. Hearing this, the Notre Dame offense, led by tailback Jamie O'Hara, ignores Devine's call for victory formation and scores a quick touchdown. This gives defensive player Rudy a chance to get in the game and be entered onto the Fighting Irish roster. Devine finally lets Rudy play on the Notre Dame kickoff to Georgia Tech. Rudy stays in for the final play, sacks the Georgia Tech quarterback, and is carried off the field on his teammates' shoulders to cheers from the stadium.An epilogue states that since 1975, no other Notre Dame player has been carried off the field as of the time of the film's release in 1993. Rudy graduated in 1976, and five of his younger brothers went on to earn college degrees.
469	Short Cuts (1993)	Drama	The film begins with a fleet of helicopters spraying for medflies, which brings various characters together along the flight path.Dr. Ralph Wyman and his wife, Marian, meet Stuart Kane, an unemployed salesman, and his wife Claire, a party clown, at a concert Zoe Trainer performs on cello. They impulsively decide to have a Sunday dinner date. Meanwhile, Marian's sister, Sherri, is married to a cheating cop named Gene Shepard, who is having an affair with Betty Weathers, while Betty is divorcing one of the helicopter pilots, Stormy.Among the other characters are Doreen Piggot, a waitress married to an alcoholic limo driver named Earl, and television commentator Howard Finnigan and his wife, Anne, who live next door to Zoe and her mother, Tess, a jazz singer. Jerry Kaiser, the pool cleaner, is married to Lois, who works from home as a phone sex operator. Jerry and Lois are friends with Honey, Doreen's daughter, and her husband Bill Bush, a makeup artist.Tragedy strikes when Casey, Howard and Anne's young son, is accidentally hit by Doreen's car. Although he initially seems fine, Casey later falls unconscious at home. The concerned parents rush him to the hospital, where he remains comatose. In the midst of this, the baker Andy Bitkower repeatedly calls the Finnigans to inform them about their ordered cake. However, Howard, wanting to keep the phone line free, abruptly ends the calls, leading to frustration on Andy's part.Howard's estranged father, Paul, arrives at the hospital and recalls an incident from Howard's childhood, which caused the rift between them. Meanwhile, Stuart and his friends, Gordon and Vern, harass Doreen at the diner before leaving for a fishing trip. During their excursion, they discover the body of a young woman. Contemplating what to do, they decide to tie her to the rocks and continue fishing, only reporting the incident later. Stuart eventually confesses to Claire, who is appalled by their actions and visits the funeral home out of guilt.Stormy pays a destructive visit to Betty's house while she is away with their son. Gene abandons the family dog due to its barking, but eventually retrieves it after his children express distress. The Wymans have a heated argument before their dinner party with the Kanes, during which Marian admits to having an affair. Both couples resort to heavy drinking, and the party lasts throughout the night.A glimmer of hope arises when Casey's eyes flutter, but tragically, he suddenly dies, leaving Howard and Anne devastated. Meanwhile, Zoe, overwhelmed by her mother's alcoholism, Casey's death, and her own isolation, commits suicide by starting her car engine inside the garage. Her mother discovers her lifeless body and drinks herself into a stupor.When Honey picks up pictures from the Fotomat, she finds them mixed up with Gordon's. Honey is shocked to find pictures of the submerged body from Gordon's fishing trip while Gordon is equally shocked to find pictures of Honey appearing severely beaten. Disturbed, they part ways but memorize each other's license plates. Later, at a picnic, Jerry and Bill encounter two young women they had met earlier. Bill and one of the girls walk away, only to hear her scream moments before Jerry kills her with a rock. Suddenly, a major earthquake strikes, causing chaos. The aftermath suggests that Jerry's act may be mistakenly attributed to the falling rocks during the earthquake.
470	Tombstone (1993)	Western	In 1879, members of an outlaw gang known to wear red sashes called the Cowboys, led by "Curly Bill" Brocius, ride into a Mexican town and interrupt a local police officer's wedding. They then proceed to massacre the assembled policemen in retribution for killing two of their fellow gang members. Shortly before being shot, a local priest warns them that their acts of murder and savagery will be avenged, referring to the biblical Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.Wyatt Earp, a retired peace officer with a notable reputation, reunites with his brothers Virgil and Morgan in Tucson, Arizona, where they venture on toward Tombstone to settle down. There they encounter Wyatt's long-time friend Doc Holliday, who is seeking relief in the dry climate from his worsening tuberculosis. Josephine Marcus and Mr. Fabian are also newly arrived with a traveling theater troupe. Meanwhile, Wyatt's common-law wife, Mattie Blaylock, is becoming dependent on laudanum. Wyatt and his brothers begin to profit from a stake in a gambling emporium and saloon when they have their first encounter with the Cowboys.As tensions rise, Wyatt is pressured to help rid the town of the Cowboys, though he is no longer a lawman. After a visit to an opium den, Curly Bill begins shooting erratically in the street. Marshal Fred White attempts to disarm him, only to be shot dead. Wyatt takes Curly Bill into custody, fending off both a mob attempting to lynch the Cowboy and a handful of his brethren seeking to free him. Curly Bill stands trial but is found not guilty due to a lack of witnesses. Virgil, unable to tolerate the chaos, becomes the new marshal and imposes a weapons ban within the city limits. This leads to a gunfight at the O.K. Corral, in which Billy Clanton and the McLaury brothers are killed. Virgil and Morgan are wounded, and the allegiance of county sheriff Johnny Behan with the Cowboys is made clear. In retaliation for the Cowboy deaths, Wyatt's brothers are ambushed; Morgan is killed, while Virgil is left handicapped. A despondent Wyatt and his family leave Tombstone and board a train, with Ike Clanton and Frank Stilwell close behind, preparing to ambush them. Having been appointed a US Marshal, Wyatt sees that his family leaves safely, and then surprises the assassins. He kills Stilwell but he lets Clanton live to carry a message: He has vowed to put an end to the Cowboys. Wyatt, Doc, a reformed Cowboy named Sherman McMasters, Texas Jack Vermillion, and Turkey Creek Jack Johnson form a posse to seek revenge.Wyatt and his posse are ambushed in a riverside forest by the Cowboys. Wyatt walks into the creek, miraculously surviving the enemy fire, and kills Curly Bill along with many of his men. Curly Bill's second-in-command, Johnny Ringo, becomes the new head of the Cowboys. When Doc's health worsens, the group is accommodated by Henry Hooker at his ranch. Ringo lures McMasters into the Cowboys' clutches under the pretense of parley and then sends a messenger (dragging McMasters' corpse) to tell Wyatt that he wants a showdown to end the hostilities; Wyatt agrees. Wyatt sets off for the showdown, not knowing that Doc has already arrived at the scene. Doc confronts a surprised Ringo, who was expecting Wyatt, and challenges him to a duel to finish their "game," which Ringo accepts (Doc and Ringo have already had a couple of stand-offs in Tombstone that were ultimately broken up). Wyatt runs when he hears a gunshot, only to encounter Doc, who has killed Ringo. They then press on to complete their task of eliminating the Cowboys, although Clanton escapes their vengeance by renouncing his red sash. Doc is sent to a sanatorium in Colorado, where he dies of his illness. At Doc's urging, Wyatt pursues Josephine to begin a new life. The final narration mentions that the Cowboy Gang was destroyed forever, Clanton was shot and killed in an attempted robbery, Mattie died of a drug overdose shortly after leaving Tombstone, and Virgil and Allie Earp moved to California, where Virgil, despite only having the use of one arm, still had a long career as a lawman, while Wyatt and Josephine would stay together for 47 years until Wyatt's death in Los Angeles in 1929, and among the pallbearers at his funeral were William S. Hart and Tom Mix.
471	Courage Under Fire (1996)	Drama, War	While serving in the Persian Gulf War, Lieutenant Colonel Nathaniel Serling fires on and destroys one of his own tanks during a confusing nighttime battle, killing his friend, Lieutenant Tom Boylar. The United States Army covers up the friendly fire incident, awards Serling a medal for bravery, and transfers him to a desk job.Later, Serling is assigned to determine if, posthumously, Captain Karen Walden should be the first woman to receive the Medal of Honor. She was the commander of a Medevac Huey helicopter sent to rescue the crew of a shot-down Black Hawk helicopter. When Walden encountered an enemy T-54 tank, her crew destroyed it by dropping a fuel bladder onto the tank and igniting it with a flare gun. Her own helicopter was shot down soon after. The two crews were unable to join forces, and when the survivors were rescued the next day, Walden was reported dead.Serling notices inconsistencies among the testimonies of Walden's crew. Specialist Andrew Ilario, the medic, praises Walden strongly. Staff Sergeant John Monfriez claims that Walden was a coward and that he led the crew in combat and improvised the fuel bladder weapon. Sergeant Steven Altameyer, who is dying of cancer in a hospital and was initially hard for Serling to find, complains about a fire in one of his few coherent comments. Warrant Officer Rady, the co-pilot, was injured early on and was unconscious throughout the ordeal. The crew of the Black Hawk claim that they heard firing from an M16 rifle, but Ilario and Monfriez claim it was out of ammo.Serling is under pressure from the White House and his commander, Brigadier General Hershberg, to wrap things up quickly. Feeling guilty about the cover up in the friendly fire incident, Serling leaks the existence of a tape of the attack to newspaper reporter Tony Gartner. When Serling grills Monfriez during a car ride, Monfriez forces him to get out of the vehicle at gunpoint, then dies by suicide by driving into an oncoming train.Serling tracks Ilario down, and Ilario finally tells him the truth. Monfriez wanted to flee, which would mean abandoning Rady. When Walden refused, he pulled a gun on her and Walden threatened him with a court-martial for mutiny and ordered that he surrender his gun. During the stand-off over Monfriez's gun Walden shot an enemy who suddenly appeared behind Monfriez; Monfriez thinking it was Walden firing at him shot her in the stomach, before backing off. The next morning, the enemy attacked again as a rescue party approached. Walden covered her men's retreat, firing an M16. Monfriez told the rescuers that Walden was dead, so they left without her. Napalm was then dropped on the entire area. Altameyer tried to expose Monfriez's lie at the time, but was too injured to speak, and Ilario remained silent, scared of the court-martial Walden had threatened them with.Serling presents his final report to Hershberg. Walden's young daughter receives the Medal of Honor at a White House ceremony. Later, Serling tells the truth to the Boylars about the manner of their son's death and says he cannot ask for forgiveness. The Boylars forgive him.In the last moments, Serling has a flashback of when he was standing by Boylar's destroyed tank and a medevac Huey was lifting off with his friend's body. Serling suddenly realizes Walden was the pilot. At that moment he is able to let go of the feelings that he has developed for her, and returns to his family.
472	Dragonheart (1996)	Action, Adventure, Fantasy	In 984 A.D., the knight Sir Bowen mentors Saxon Prince Einon. While suppressing a peasant rebellion, Einon's father, Freyne, is killed by the rebels. Peasant girl, Kara, later accidentally wounds Einon's heart. Einon's Celtic mother, Aislinn, asks a dragon to save his life. The dragon makes Einon promise to be a just ruler and replaces Einon's wounded heart with half of his own. Einon, however, proves oppressive by enslaving the former rebels that killed Freyne and forcing them to rebuild a castle. Einon also has Kara's father, who led the insurgents, blinded. Believing that the dragon's heart has corrupted Einon, Bowen swears vengeance on him, and all dragons, by hunting them down.Twelve years later, Bowen has become a skilled dragonslayer, but has lost his faith in moral and chivalric principles. Monk Brother Gilbert witnesses Bowen's prowess and follows him to record his exploits. Meanwhile, Kara asks Einon to free her father after years of slavery; Einon accepts, and kills him in order to "free" him.Bowen stalks a dragon to its cave, not knowing that it is the one who saved Einon. The confrontation ends in a stalemate, during which the dragon states that he is the last of his kind; they agree not to kill each other and instead form a partnership to defraud villagers with staged dragon "slayings". Bowen later names the dragon after the Draco constellation, unaware of Draco and Einon's connection, through which they feel each other's pain.Kara, seeking revenge on Einon, is imprisoned after a failed assassination attempt. Realizing that she is responsible for his near-death, Einon tries seducing Kara and making her his queen. Despising what Einon has become, Aislinn helps Kara escape the castle. Kara tries to rally her village against Einon, but they sacrifice her to Draco instead. After Draco takes Kara to his lair, Einon arrives to recapture her and fights Bowen. He nearly kills Bowen, but Draco intervenes and reveals his half-heart to Einon, making him flee in fear. Kara asks Bowen to help overthrow Einon, but the disillusioned knight refuses.Bowen reunites with Gilbert at another village while Kara tries exposing Bowen and Draco, appalled by their actions. The villagers do not believe her until after the staged slaying while Draco plays dead. He bolts when the villagers decide to carve him up for meat, revealing the scam. They then surround Bowen, Kara, and Gilbert, wanting to eat them instead; Draco rescues the trio and takes them to Avalon, where they take shelter among the tombs of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table.Draco reveals that he hoped to change Einon's nature by saving him, reuniting the races of Man and Dragon, and earning a place in the constellation—the Dragon's Heaven. Draco fears that his choice has cost him his soul, and that his spirit is doomed to disappear upon death like he never existed. After hearing that Kara and even Gilbert intend to oppose Einon, Draco agrees to help. When a vision of Arthur reminds him of his knightly honor, Bowen also agrees.Bowen, Kara, Gilbert, and Draco organize and train the villagers into an army. They are nearly victorious against Einon's forces when Gilbert strikes Einon in the heart with an arrow, but Draco, feeling Einon's pain, falls from the sky and is captured. Realizing that he is immortal as long as Draco lives, Einon is determined to keep Draco imprisoned. Knowing their connection, Aislinn attempts to kill Draco at his request, but Einon intercepts and kills her.The rebels invade Einon's castle to save Draco. Bowen throws Einon from atop a tower in the ensuing fight. He then tries freeing Draco, who begs Bowen to kill him and end Einon's reign. Einon rises and charges towards them, forcing a reluctant Bowen to throw an axe into Draco's exposed half-heart, killing him and Einon.Draco's body dissipates as his soul joins his fellow dragons to become a new star in the constellation. Bowen and Kara go on to lead the kingdom into an era of justice and peace, with Draco's star shining brighter than ever in troubled times.
473	James and the Giant Peach (1996)	Animation, Children's, Musical	In the summer of 1948, English boy James Henry Trotter is a young orphan living with his sadistic and domineering aunts Spiker and Sponge after his parents were eaten alive by a rhinoceros. One day, after rescuing a spider from his hysterical aunts, James obtains magic "crocodile tongues" from a mysterious old man, which have the power to grow anything they come into contact with to colossal size. James, running home, trips and spills the bag onto the ground; the neon, wormlike tongues leap away and into the ground underneath an old peach tree, thus growing a massive fruit that Spiker and Sponge exploit as a tourist attraction. At night, James eats through the peach to find a pit with several human-sized anthropomorphic invertebrates: Mr. Grasshopper, Mr. Centipede, Ms. Spider (the spider he saved prior), Mr. Earthworm, Mrs. Ladybug, and Mrs. Glowworm. As they hear Spiker and Sponge searching for James, Centipede cuts the stem connecting the peach to the tree and the peach rolls away to the Atlantic Ocean.The invertebrates fly the peach to New York City with a flock of seagulls (each tied with a string to the peach stem), as James has dreamed of visiting the Empire State Building like his parents wanted to. Obstacles include a giant mechanical shark and undead skeletal pirates in the Arctic Ocean. When the group arrives, they are suddenly attacked by the tempestuous form of the rhinoceros that killed James' parents. James, though scared, gets everyone to safety and confronts the rhino before it strikes the peach with lightning. James and the peach fall to the city below, landing on the Empire State Building. After he is rescued by firefighters, Spiker and Sponge arrive and attempt to claim James and the peach. James tells the crowd of his amazing adventure and exposes his aunts' abuses. Enraged at James, Spiker and Sponge attempt to attack him with stolen fire axes, but the insects arrive to save him, as Ms. Spider subdues the two aunts by wrapping them up in her silk.James introduces his friends to the crowd of onlookers, and allows the children to eat the peach. The peach pit is made into a cottage in Central Park, where James lives happily with the bugs, who form his new family and also find success and fame in the city; Mr. Centipede runs for New York mayor and is now James’ father, Miss Spider opens a club and is his mother, Mr. Earthworm becomes a mascot for a skin-care company (and either James' uncle or cousin), Mrs. Ladybug becomes an obstetrician and James' aunt, Mr. Grasshopper becomes a concert violinist (and James' grandfather), and Mrs. Glowworm becomes the light in the torch of the Statue of Liberty (and his grandmother). James celebrates his ninth birthday with his new family and friends.
474	Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1963)	Sci-Fi, War	United States Air Force Brigadier General Jack D. Ripper, the commander of Burpelson Air Force Base, orders his executive officer, Group Captain Lionel Mandrake (an exchange officer from the Royal Air Force), to put the base on alert (condition red, the most intense lockdown status), confiscate all privately owned radios from base personnel and issue "Wing Attack Plan R" to the planes of the 843rd Bomb Wing. At the time of issuance of said order, the planes, flying B-52 bombers armed with thermonuclear bombs, are on airborne alert two hours from their targets inside the Soviet Union. The aircraft commence attack flights on the USSR and set their radios to allow communications only through their CRM 114 discriminators, which are designed to accept only communications preceded by a secret three-letter code known only to General Ripper. Happening upon a radio that had been missed earlier and hearing regular civilian broadcasting, Mandrake realizes that no attack order has been issued by the Pentagon and tries to stop Ripper, who locks them both in his office. Ripper tells Mandrake that he believes the Soviets have been fluoridating American water supplies to pollute the "precious bodily fluids" of Americans. Mandrake realizes Ripper has gone completely mad.In the War Room at the Pentagon, General Buck Turgidson briefs President Merkin Muffley and other officers about how "Plan R" enables a senior officer to launch a retaliatory nuclear attack on the Soviets if all of his superior officers have been killed in a first strike on the United States. Trying every CRM code combination to issue a recall order would require two days, so Muffley orders the U.S. Army to storm the base and arrest General Ripper. Turgidson, noting the slim odds of recalling the planes in time, then proposes that Muffley not only let the attack proceed but send reinforcements. Muffley rejects Turgidson's recommendation and instead brings Soviet ambassador Alexei de Sadeski into the War Room to telephone Soviet Premier Dimitri Kissov. Muffley warns the premier of the impending attack and offers to reveal the targets, flight plans, and defensive systems of the bombers so that the Soviets can protect themselves.After a heated discussion with a drunken Kissov, the ambassador informs President Muffley that the Soviet Union created a doomsday machine as a nuclear deterrent; it consists of many buried cobalt bombs, which are set to detonate automatically should any nuclear attack strike the country. The resulting nuclear fallout would render the Earth's surface uninhabitable for 93 years. The device cannot be deactivated, as it is programmed to explode if any such attempt is made. The president's German scientific adviser, the paraplegic former Nazi Dr. Strangelove, points out that such a doomsday machine would only have been an effective deterrent if everyone knew about it; de Sadeski replies that Kissov had planned to reveal its existence to the world the following week at the Party Congress.When the U.S. Army troops gain control of Burpelson, General Ripper commits suicide. Mandrake infers the CRM code from doodles on Ripper's desk blotter and relays it to the Pentagon. Using the code, Strategic Air Command successfully recalls all of the bombers except for one, commanded by Major T. J. "King" Kong. Because its radio equipment was damaged by a Soviet SAM, it is unable to receive or send communications. To conserve fuel, Kong flies below radar and switches targets, thus preventing Soviet air radar from detecting and intercepting their plane. Because the Soviet missile also damaged the bomb bay doors, Kong enters the bay and repairs the electrical wiring. When he is successful, the bomb drops with him straddling it. Kong joyously hoots and waves his cowboy hat as he rides the falling bomb to his death.In the War Room, Dr. Strangelove recommends that the President gather several hundred thousand people to live in deep underground mines where the radiation will not penetrate. Worried that the Soviets will do the same, Turgidson warns about a "mineshaft gap" (spoofing the term "missile gap") while de Sadeski secretly photographs the War Room. Dr. Strangelove prepares to announce his plan for that when he suddenly stands up out of his wheelchair and exclaims, "Mein Führer, I can walk!" The movie ends with a montage of explosions set to "We'll Meet Again" signifying the activation of the doomsday device.
475	Trainspotting (1996)	Drama	Mark Renton, an unemployed heroin addict living with his parents in Leith, regularly takes drugs with his friends, which includes treacherous and womanising Simon "Sick Boy" Williamson and docile and bumbling Daniel "Spud" Murphy. Renton's other friends include aggressive alcoholic psychopath Francis "Franco" Begbie, and honest footballer Tommy Mackenzie, who both abstain from heroin use. Tiring of his reckless lifestyle, Renton attempts to wean himself off heroin with a bare room, food, and opium suppositories from dealer Mikey Forrester. Renton soon suffers from diarrhoea in a dilapidated toilet, and imagines himself swimming in the filthy water as he retrieves the suppositories. On a night out Renton notices that his cessation of heroin use has increased his libido. He seduces Diane Coulston, returning to her place to have sex. The following morning, he is horrified to learn that she is underaged and lives with her parents, whom Renton mistakes for her flatmates. Diane blackmails him, threatening to report him to the police for statutory rape if he does not continue the relationship.After several unsuccessful attempts to reintegrate into society, Renton, Sick Boy, and Spud relapse into heroin use; Tommy also begins to join them after Lizzy dumps him due to their sex tape disappearing (which Renton had stolen). Despite the group's shock at the negligence-induced death of Dawn, the infant daughter of Sick Boy and fellow heroin user Allison, they still do not quit using. When Renton, Sick Boy, and Spud engage in shoplifting, Renton and Spud are caught while Sick Boy narrowly escapes. While Spud receives a short custodial sentence, Renton avoids jail by entering a drug rehabilitation programme where he is given methadone to help him, but quickly relapses and nearly dies of a heroin overdose. Returning home, Renton's parents lock him in his childhood bedroom and force him to go cold turkey. Following severe withdrawal punctuated by hallucinations of his friends and visions of Dawn crawling on the ceiling, Renton is released upon the condition of an HIV/AIDS test. Despite years of sharing syringes with other addicts, he tests negative, however Renton learns that Tommy, who is now severely addicted to heroin, has tested HIV-positive.  On Diane's advice, Renton moves to London and works as a property letting agent. He begins to enjoy his new life of sobriety in London and corresponds with Diane, who updates him on home developments. Renton's attempt at a fresh start in London is soon hindered as both Begbie, wanted for a failed armed robbery, and Sick Boy, now trying to be a pimp and drug dealer, re-enter his life. Renton attempts to hide them in a property that has yet to be sold but sees them assault prospective buyers, leading to the loss of Renton's job. The trio return to Edinburgh to avoid police attention and end up attending Tommy's funeral, who has died of AIDS-related toxoplasmosis. Following the funeral, Sick Boy asks Renton, Begbie, and Spud (recently released from prison) for help in buying two kilograms of pure heroin from Mikey Forrester, for £4,000, to sell on, with Renton needing to supply £2,000 of the asking price. He reluctantly agrees after Begbie threatens him. The four return to London to sell the heroin to a dealer for £16,000. As they celebrate in a pub, Renton suggests to Sick Boy and Spud that they take the money and cut out Begbie, who subsequently beats another patron after an accident. While Sick Boy is receptive Spud refuses. The next morning Renton quietly steals the bag of money and attempts to leave, noticing that Spud observes this but chooses to not warn the others. Begbie, discovering Renton and the money gone, destroys their hotel room in a furious rage, prompting the police to arrest him as Sick Boy and Spud flee. Spud subsequently finds £4,000 in a locker that Renton has left for him, as the latter walks away to a new life.
476	First Wives Club, The (1996)	Comedy	In 1969, four friends, Annie, Brenda, Elise, and Cynthia, graduate from Middlebury College. Cynthia gives each of them matching pearl necklaces and makes them promise always to be there for each other. In the present day, the four women have lost touch, and Cynthia's ex-husband, who was made wealthy by her family connections, has just married a much younger woman. She gives her housekeeper her pearl necklace and letters to mail to her three former friends, and she dies by suicide.Reunited at Cynthia's funeral in New York City, Annie, Brenda, and Elise discover that they are all facing marital problems similar to those Cynthia had. Annie is separated from her advertising executive husband, Aaron, and she is in therapy for self-esteem issues. Elise, an Oscar-winning actress, is struggling with alcoholism, her fading beauty and career, and a pending divorce with Bill, a film producer now involved with a young aspiring actress, Phoebe. Meanwhile, Brenda is struggling financially after divorcing her husband, Morty, who runs a successful chain of electronics stores.While Annie remains hopeful that she and Aaron will reconcile, especially after a romantic dinner and night together, he stuns her by asking for a divorce and revealing that he has been dating their mutual therapist. Elise attempts to revive her career by taking on a new female leading role, only to learn she's been offered the part of the character's unattractive mother and that Phoebe, through Bill's influence, has instead been cast as the lead. Brenda runs into Morty splurging on his young and beautiful girlfriend, Shelly, who cruelly insults Brenda's weight. After these events and reading Cynthia's letters to them telling them to take care of each other, the three women come together to commiserate. They decide to get "justice" rather than revenge over their husbands, having supported their former husbands and being largely responsible for their success, and form the "First Wives Club" using a property of Elise as their base. Annie enlists her daughter, Chris, to get a job at Aaron's advertising agency so that their daughter can act as a spy. Chris discovers that Aaron's partners want to sell their share of the agency, but Annie lacks the funds to buy them. Concurrently and as part of their divorce, Elise forcefully repossesses the numerous pieces of artwork and furniture that she bought Bill. On her end, Brenda discovers from her Sicilian uncle that he and her father helped Morty establish his first store through the sale of stolen merchandise and that Morty's financial records are "fiction". With help from her boss Duarto and Elise's prominent socialite friend Gunilla, Shelly and Morty are manipulated into leaving their home. The three women infiltrate their home and obtain the fraudulent records. Elise secretly sells all of the repossessed items to Annie for one dollar. Annie in turn auctions them all off at Christie's, where Shelly is in attendance with Duarto and Gunilla and, egged on by them, spends excessive amounts of Morty's fortune. This allows Annie to now be capable of buying out Aaron's partners.While the three initially rejoice over Annie and Brenda's successes, Elise becomes increasingly discouraged and upset when the club cannot find anything compromising to threaten Bill with. This escalates to a vicious fight among the women, and Annie gives up on the club. Elise and Brenda manage to reconcile and convince Annie to continue with the club as well, desiring now to go even bigger than simply "justice" for themselves. Elise also tells the two that she has decided to tackle a new angle, pursuing information on Bill's mistress rather than Bill himself. Using the pretext of their upcoming movie together and Phoebe's starstruck attitude towards her, Elise is able to become close with Phoebe. Brenda and her uncle kidnap Morty and threaten to go to the police with evidence of his fraud unless he gives up control of his business to her. Annie signs off on buying out Aaron's former business partners' shares in front of him and taunts him with her ability to land a new, lucrative $45 million account (implied to be Morty's electronics business, controlled by Brenda), making his role in their business useless. Elise asks Bill if he knows Phoebe's age and reveals to him that she is actually 16 years old, producing Phoebe's high school yearbook and a copy of her birth certificate as evidence. All three women coerce the men into meeting at their club, and together, they threaten their ex-husbands into agreeing fund their "justice". Using that money, the three of them open a crisis centre for women, named in honor of Cynthia and located where meetings of the First Wives Club used to be held.At the grand opening celebration, Morty and Shelly's relationship fizzles out, and he reconciles with Brenda as their son happily looks on. Shelly flirts with Bill, though he hesitantly asks her how old she is. Elise, now starring in a successful Broadway play, has begun dating a co-star. Annie, now more confident and self-assured, rejects Aaron when he asks to come back to her. After the party has ended, the three women reminisce and together triumphantly sing "You Don't Own Me".
477	Matilda (1996)	Children's, Comedy	Six-year-old Matilda Wormwood has been neglected and mistreated by her parents (corrupt car dealer Harry Wormwood and his wife Zinnia) and older brother Michael all her life. They frequently leave Matilda home alone to fend for herself and refuse to enroll her in school. Smart and independent, Matilda finds solace in books at the public library from the age of four. Matilda seeks revenge by punishing her father: she first swaps Harry's oil by putting hydrogen peroxide which changes Harry's hair color. Next, she glues Harry's hat on his head. After Harry destroys one of Matilda's library books and forces her to watch mindless television, Matilda becomes angry, and the television explodes. Harry sells a car to Miss Agatha Trunchbull, the tyrannical child-hating principal of Crunchem Hall Elementary School, in exchange for admitting Matilda as a student. The other students warn Matilda about Trunchbull's abusive disciplinary methods, which include throwing students out the window and locking them in an iron maiden known as the Chokey. Matilda's teacher, Miss Jennifer Honey, notices the ease with which Matilda answers middle school multiplication questions and requests Matilda be moved to a higher class, but Trunchbull refuses. She comes to Matilda’s home hoping to convince the Wormwoods, who are not interested as they believe college is unnecessary.One day, Trunchbull calls an assembly in the school auditorium, where she forces overweight student Bruce Bogtrotter to eat an entire large chocolate cake in front of the whole school as punishment for stealing a piece of hers. Later that day, Matilda discovers her father is under surveillance by the FBI over his illegal dealings, which include purchasing stolen car parts, and using other shady tactics to pawn off old decrepit cars at marked-up prices. Her parents refuse to believe her warning, as Zinnia flirts with the two agents who pose as speedboat salesmen.Discovering the car from Harry to be faulty, Trunchbull locks Matilda in the Chokey as punishment. Matilda's friend, Lavender, puts a newt in Trunchbull's water jug as payback. After school, Miss Honey invites Matilda to tea and reveals her past: her mother died when she was two, and her father Magnus, who was a doctor, invited her aunt Trunchbull to live with them to care for Miss Honey. During this period, Trunchbull abused Miss Honey and Magnus died, apparently by suicide, when Miss Honey was five. He left everything including the house to Trunchbull in his will, and Trunchbull continued to abuse Miss Honey until she grew up and managed to escape. Matilda and Miss Honey sneak into the house to retrieve some of Miss Honey's belongings, including a special doll from Miss Honey's childhood, but Trunchbull unexpectedly returns, and they narrowly escape.Matilda channels the aggression she gets from her family and Trunchbull to practice her telekinetic powers, and she drives away the FBI agents, who are searching Harry's garage without a warrant. Matilda returns to Trunchbull's house, and from the roof, she uses her powers to claim Miss Honey's doll and wreaks havoc while posing as the vengeful spirit of Magnus, which nearly scares her out of the house, but Trunchbull uncovers Matilda's ruse upon finding her hair ribbon. At school the next day, Matilda telekinetically writes a message on the blackboard: "Agatha, this is Magnus. Give my little bumblebee [Miss Honey] her house and her money. Then get out of town. If you don't, I will get you. I will get you like you got me. That is a promise." Trunchbull is terrified and attacks the students in a rage, but Matilda protects them. The students turn on Trunchbull and she runs out of the school never to be seen or heard from again.Miss Honey moves back into her father's house with Matilda as a frequent guest. Harry, Zinnia, and Michael come to take Matilda and flee to Guam to avoid the FBI, who now have enough evidence to arrest Harry for his illegal dealings. Matilda refuses to go, saying she would rather stay with Miss Honey as her adopted child. Zinnia expresses remorse at never having understood Matilda, and she and Harry sign the adoption papers doing "the first decent thing they ever did for their daughter." Matilda goes on to live happily with Miss Honey, who becomes principal of Crunchem Hall, which has an upper school added due to children never wanting to leave.
478	Philadelphia Story, The (1940)	Comedy, Romance	Tracy Lord is the elder daughter of a wealthy Philadelphia Main Line socialite family. She was married to C.K. Dexter Haven, a yacht designer and member of her social set, but divorced him two years prior because, according to her father, he does not meet the standards that she sets for all her friends and family. She is soon to marry the wealthy George Kittredge.In New York, Spy magazine publisher Sidney Kidd is eager to cover the wedding and assigns reporter Mike Connor and photographer Liz Imbrie. Kidd intends to use the assistance of Dexter, who has been working for Spy in South America. Dexter tells Kidd that he will introduce them as friends of Tracy's brother Junius, a diplomat in Argentina. Tracy is not fooled, but Dexter tells her that Kidd has threatened her family's reputation with an innuendo-laden article about her father's affair with a dancer. Tracy deeply resents her father's infidelity, which has prompted her parents to live separately. Nonetheless, to protect her family's reputation, she agrees to let Mike and Liz stay and cover her wedding.Dexter is welcomed by Tracy's mother Margaret and teenage sister Dinah, much to Tracy's frustration. She soon discovers that Mike has admirable qualities and finds his book of short stories in the library. As the wedding nears, she finds herself torn among George, Dexter, and Mike.The night before the wedding, Tracy becomes drunk, kisses Mike and takes an innocent midnight swim with him. When George observes Mike carrying Tracy into the house afterward, he assumes the worst. The next day, George tells her that he was shocked and feels entitled to an explanation before proceeding with the wedding. She admits to having no excuse and realizes that he does not really know her and has loved her as an idealized, perfect angel, so she cancels the engagement.Tracy realizes that the guests have arrived and are waiting for the wedding ceremony to begin. Mike quickly volunteers to marry her, but she graciously declines because she perceives that Liz is in love with him. Dexter then offers to remarry her, and she gladly accepts.
479	Vertigo (1958)	Mystery, Thriller	After a rooftop chase in which a fellow policeman falls to his death, San Francisco detective John "Scottie" Ferguson retires due to acrophobia and accompanying vertigo caused by the incident. Midge, his ex-fiancée, says that another severe emotional shock may be the only cure. Midge retains feelings for Scottie, but he is not receptive to her intimations.Gavin Elster, an acquaintance from college, asks Scottie to follow his wife, Madeleine, claiming that she has been behaving strangely. Scottie follows Madeleine to the grave of Carlotta Valdes (1831–1857) at the Mission San Francisco de Asís and to the Legion of Honor art museum, where she gazes at the Portrait of Carlotta.A local historian explains that Carlotta Valdes committed suicide: she had been the mistress of a wealthy married man and borne his child, and the otherwise childless man kept the child and cast Carlotta aside. Carlotta, who Gavin fears is possessing Madeleine, was Madeleine's great-grandmother. However, Madeleine does not know this or remember the places she has visited while ostensibly possessed. Scottie trails her to Fort Point and rescues her after she jumps into San Francisco Bay.The next day, Madeleine stops to deliver a letter of gratitude to Scottie, and they spend the day together. They travel to Muir Woods and Cypress Point on 17-Mile Drive, where they embrace. The next day, Madeleine recounts a nightmare, and Scottie identifies its setting as Mission San Juan Bautista, Carlotta's childhood home. He drives her there, and they express their love for each other. Madeleine suddenly runs into the church and up the bell tower, asking Scottie not to follow her. Scottie runs after her, but is halted on the steps by his fear of heights and sees her plunge to her death.An inquest into Madeleine's death declares it a suicide, though the coroner rebukes Scottie for not doing more to save her. Gavin also does not fault Scottie, but Scottie becomes clinically depressed and is sent to a sanatorium in an almost catatonic state. Following his release, he frequents the places that Madeleine visited, often imagining that he sees her. One day, he notices a woman on the street who, although superficially very different, reminds him of Madeleine. He follows her into her apartment, where she identifies herself as Judy Barton, from Salina, Kansas.A flashback reveals that Judy was the person Scottie knew as "Madeleine Elster"; she had been impersonating Gavin's wife in an elaborate murder scheme. Gavin took advantage of Scottie's fear of heights to substitute his wife's freshly killed body in the apparent "suicide jump". Judy writes a note to Scottie confessing her involvement in the plot, but tears it up and decides to continue the charade because she loves him.The two begin seeing each other, but Scottie remains obsessed with "Madeleine" and asks Judy to change her clothes and dye her hair to resemble her. After she complies, he notices her wearing the necklace portrayed in Carlotta's painting. Realizing the truth, he drives Judy back to the mission.There, he tells her that he must re-enact the event that led to his madness, and that he now knows that "Madeleine" and Judy are the same person, with Judy having been Gavin's mistress before being cast aside just as Carlotta had been. He forces her up the bell tower and makes her admit her deceit. Judy confesses that Gavin paid her to impersonate a "possessed" Madeleine and begs Scottie to forgive her. He embraces Judy at the top of the tower, but a shadowy figure—a nun investigating the noise—rises from the tower's staircase, startling her. Judy lunges backward off the tower to her death; Scottie, bereaved once again but cured of his fear of heights, stands on the ledge in shock while the nun rings the mission bell.
480	North by Northwest (1959)	Comedy, Thriller	A waiter pages George Kaplan at the Oak Room restaurant at the Plaza Hotel in New York City at the request of two well-dressed men. As advertising executive Roger Thornhill summons the same waiter, he is mistaken for Kaplan, kidnapped by the pair, and brought to the estate of Lester Townsend in Glen Cove. Townsend interrogates Thornhill and subsequently arranges to kill him in a staged drunk driving crash; Thornhill survives, but fails to convince the police or his mother of what happened. Returning to the estate, Thornhill learns that Townsend is a United Nations diplomat.Thornhill and his mother sneak into Kaplan's empty room at the Plaza, where the thugs have followed him. Thornhill heads to the U.N. General Assembly Building to meet Townsend, who turns out to be a completely different man. As he asks him about the man impersonating him, one of the gang's thugs throws a knife into Townsend's back. Townsend collapses in Thornhill's arms, and Thornhill is photographed grabbing at the knife, giving the appearance that he is the murderer. Thornhill flees, attempting to find the real Kaplan.The "United States Intelligence Agency" (USIA) realizes that Thornhill has been mistaken for Kaplan, a non-existent agent they created as a decoy to distract their quarries, but its chief, "the Professor", decides against rescuing him for fear of compromising their operation.Thornhill sneaks aboard the luxurious 20th Century Limited train to Chicago without a ticket, where he meets Eve Kendall, who hides him from the police in her stateroom's upper berth. The two establish a relationship—on Kendall's part because she is secretly working with the espionageurs—and she helps him elude a police dragnet. She then tells Thornhill that she has arranged a meeting with Kaplan at a rural bus stop in Indiana. When Thornhill arrives there, he is attacked by a crop duster armed with a machine gun. After being flushed from cover in a cornfield, he attempts to halt a passing tanker truck; the airplane crashes into it and both explode. In the ensuing confusion he steals a bystander's pickup truck. At Kaplan's hotel in Chicago, Thornhill learns that Kaplan had checked out before the time when Kendall claimed to have spoken with him. He goes to her room and confronts her, but she eludes him.Thornhill tracks Kendall to an art auction, where the Townsend-impersonator—Phillip Vandamm, the ringleader of the group—is purchasing a small primitive statue. Vandamm instructs his henchmen to deal with Thornhill. Thornhill disrupts the auction until police are called to remove him. He confesses to them that he is the fugitive murderer, but the Professor intervenes. At the airport, he tells Thornhill that Kaplan was fictitious and that Eve Kendall is their real agent. Vandamm lives above Mount Rushmore, and the agency thinks he will be leaving the country by plane from there. Thornhill agrees to help maintain Kendall's cover.At the Mount Rushmore visitor center, now playing the role of Kaplan at the USIA's request, Thornhill negotiates for Vandamm's turnover of Kendall to be arrested. Kendall shoots Thornhill with blanks and flees. Afterward, the Professor arranges for Thornhill and Kendall to meet; Thornhill learns that Kendall is to depart on the plane with Vandamm and his right-hand man Leonard. He tries to dissuade her from going, but is knocked unconscious by the Professor's driver and locked in a hospital room.Thornhill escapes and goes to Vandamm's home to rescue Kendall, where he overhears that the sculpture holds microfilm and that Leonard has discovered the blanks in Kendall's gun. Vandamm indicates that he will dispose of Kendall by throwing her from the plane; Thornhill manages to warn her with a surreptitious note. Vandamm, Leonard, and Kendall head for the plane. Thornhill is momentarily held at gunpoint by the housekeeper until he realizes she is holding Kendall's gun. As Vandamm boards, Kendall takes the sculpture and runs to the pursuing Thornhill, and they flee to the top of Mount Rushmore. As they climb down, they are pursued by Vandamm's men. A park ranger fatally shoots Leonard, and Vandamm is taken into custody by the Professor.As Kendall hangs on by her fingertips, Thornhill reaches down to pull her up. She is next seen—as Mrs. Thornhill—being pulled into an upper berth on a train, which suggestively enters a tunnel.
481	Apartment, The (1960)	Comedy, Drama	C.C. "Bud" Baxter is a lonely minor office worker at a large insurance company in New York City. To climb the corporate ladder, he allows four company managers to take turns borrowing his Upper West Side apartment for their extramarital affairs. Baxter meticulously juggles the "booking" schedule; overheard sounds of women and partying from his apartment and empty liquor bottles in his trash convince his neighbors that he is a playboy.Baxter earns glowing performance reviews from the four managers, flagging the attention of personnel director Jeff Sheldrake. Sheldrake deduces the real reason, but promises Baxter a promotion in return for a key to his apartment, starting that night. As compensation for such short notice, he gives Baxter two tickets to The Music Man. Baxter asks Fran Kubelik, an elevator operator in the office building to whom he is attracted, to join him. She explains she already has a date for the evening, but agrees to meet him at the theater before showtime. Her date turns out to be with Sheldrake, whom she had been trysting before breaking it off. When Sheldrake tells her that he plans to divorce his wife to be with her, she agrees to go with him to Baxter's apartment, while Baxter waits forlornly outside the theater.During the company's raucous Christmas Eve party, Sheldrake's secretary Miss Olsen tells Fran that her boss has had numerous affairs with office personnel, including herself. Later, Fran confronts Sheldrake at Baxter's apartment. When she gives him a wrapped Christmas present, he gives her a $100 bill from his wallet and tells her to buy herself something expensive. Claiming he loves her, he rushes for the train back to his family in White Plains.Finding out that Fran is the woman Sheldrake has been taking to his apartment, Baxter gets drunk at a local bar. Killing time before he can go home, he allows himself to be picked up by a married woman; they then head back to his apartment. There, he discovers Fran passed out on his bed from an overdose of his sleeping pills. He ditches the woman and enlists his neighbor, Dr. Dreyfuss, to revive Fran. Baxter implies that he was responsible for the incident; Dreyfuss scolds him for philandering and advises him to "be a mensch."Fran spends two days recuperating in Baxter's apartment, during which a bond develops between them, especially after he confesses to his own suicide attempt over unrequited love back in his hometown of Cincinnati. Fran says that she has always suffered bad luck in her love life. During Fran's stay, one of the managers arrives for a tryst. Baxter persuades him to leave, but the manager recognizes her and later informs his colleagues. Though impressed, they are nonetheless annoyed that they have not had the same ready access to the apartment since Baxter's promotion. When Fran's brother-in-law Karl shows up at the office building looking for her, he is sent to Baxter's apartment, catching him in the middle of preparing a romantic dinner. Baxter deflects Karl's anger over Fran's wayward behavior by once again assuming all responsibility. Karl punches him, prompting Fran to kiss Baxter on the forehead for protecting her.When Sheldrake learns that Miss Olsen has ratted him out to Fran, he fires her. She retaliates by spilling all to his wife, who throws him out. Now free, Sheldrake tries to renew his pursuit of Fran. Having promoted Baxter to Assistant Personnel Director, Sheldrake expects to be lent the key to his apartment yet again. Baxter gives him one — to the building's "executive washroom" — proclaiming that he is quitting the firm in favor of becoming a mensch. Back home, he begins to pack his things at his apartment room.That night, at a New Year's Eve party, Sheldrake indignantly tells Fran about Baxter quitting, complaining that Baxter refused to let him use his apartment. Fran abandons Sheldrake and runs to the apartment. At the door, she hears an apparent gunshot, but Baxter opens the door holding a bottle of frothing champagne. Fran retrieves a deck of cards to resume a game of gin rummy they had started earlier. Baxter declares his love for Fran with a tender smile. She replies: “Shut up and deal”.
482	Some Like It Hot (1959)	Comedy, Crime	In Prohibition-era Chicago, Joe is a jazz saxophone player and an irresponsible, impulsive gambler and ladies' man; Jerry, his anxious friend, is a jazz double bass player. They work in a speakeasy owned by local Mafia boss "Spats" Colombo. Tipped off by informant "Toothpick" Charlie, the police raid the joint. Joe and Jerry escape, but accidentally witness Spats and his henchmen gunning down Toothpick and his gang in revenge (an incident inspired by the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre). Spats and his gang see them as they flee. Broke, terrified, and desperate to leave Chicago, Joe and Jerry disguise themselves as women named Josephine and Daphne so they can join Sweet Sue and her Society Syncopators, an all-female band headed to Miami by train. On the train, they befriend Sugar Kane, the band's vocalist and ukulele player.The two musicians become obsessed with Sugar and compete for her affections while maintaining their disguises. Sugar confides to Josephine that she has sworn off saxophone players, who have taken advantage of her in the past, and hopes to find a gentle, bespectacled millionaire in Florida. Josephine and Daphne become close friends with Sugar during a late-night party on the train, and struggle to remember that flirting with her would compromise their cover.After arriving in Miami, Joe woos Sugar by posing as Junior, heir to the Shell Oil fortune, affecting a Cary Grant-esque accent while feigning indifference to her. Aging, multi-divorcee Osgood Fielding III – an actual millionaire – persistently pursues Daphne, whose refusals only fuel his desire. After Osgood invites Daphne to dinner on his yacht, Josephine convinces her to keep him occupied onshore, so that Junior can pass it off as his own and entertain Sugar. He tells Sugar that psychological trauma from the death of a former lover has left him impotent, but that he would immediately marry anyone who could cure him. Sugar tries to arouse him, with considerable success. Meanwhile, Daphne and Osgood dance until dawn. Back at the hotel, Daphne announces that she has accepted Osgood's proposal of marriage – anticipating a divorce and cash settlement when the ruse is revealed – but Josephine convinces her not to go through with it.The hotel hosts a conference for the Friends of Italian Opera Society, a front for a national Mafia meeting, presided over by Little Bonaparte - who already has a grudge against Spats over the murder of Toothpick. Spats and his men arrive, and this time recognize Josephine and Daphne as the witnesses they'd been looking for. Fearing for their lives, the pair decide to cut and run. Junior breaks up with Sugar over the telephone, telling her that he must marry a woman of his father's choosing and move to Venezuela, leaving her heartbroken. As the two try to leave the hotel in male disguises, they accidentally witness Little Bonaparte's execution of Spats and his gang for bungling the situation in Chicago, and revert to women's clothing to evade capture. On the way out, Josephine sees Sugar onstage singing a lament to lost love, kisses her, then rejoins Daphne in their flight. Sugar realizes that Josephine and Junior are the same person, and follows them.Daphne persuades Osgood to take her and Josephine away on his yacht, and Sugar unexpectedly joins them on his launch just as it leaves the dock. Removing his disguise, Joe confesses to Sugar and tells her that she deserves better, but she wants him anyway, realizing he is the first man to genuinely care for her. Meanwhile, Daphne tries to get out of her engagement, offering escalating half-true reasons why she and Osgood cannot marry, none of which dissuade him. Exasperated, Jerry rips off his wig and says "I'm a man!" in his normal voice. Still smiling, Osgood replies "Well, nobody's perfect!" confounding Jerry and leaving him speechless.
483	Casablanca (1942)	Drama, Romance, War	In December 1941, American expatriate Rick Blaine owns a nightclub and gambling den in Casablanca. "Rick's Café Américain" attracts a varied clientele, including Vichy French and Nazi German officials, refugees desperate to reach the still-neutral United States, and those who prey on them. Although Rick professes to be neutral in all matters, he ran guns to Ethiopia in 1935 and fought on the Republican side in the Spanish Civil War.Petty crook Ugarte boasts to Rick of letters of transit obtained by murdering two German couriers. The papers allow the bearers to travel freely around German-occupied Europe and to neutral Portugal. Ugarte plans to sell them at the club and persuades Rick to hold them for him. Before he can meet his contact, Ugarte is arrested by the local police under Captain Louis Renault, the unabashedly corrupt prefect of police. Ugarte dies without revealing that Rick has the letters.Then, the reason for Rick's cynical nature—former lover Ilsa Lund—enters his establishment. Spotting Rick's friend and house pianist, Sam, Ilsa asks him to play "As Time Goes By". Rick storms over, furious that Sam disobeyed his order never to perform that song again, and is stunned to see Ilsa. She is accompanied by her husband, Victor Laszlo, a renowned fugitive Czechoslovak Resistance leader. A flashback reveals Ilsa left Rick without explanation when the couple were planning to flee as the German army neared Paris, embittering Rick. Laszlo and Ilsa need the letters to escape, while German Major Strasser arrives in Casablanca to prevent that.When Laszlo makes inquiries, Signor Ferrari, an underworld figure and Rick's friendly business rival, divulges his suspicion that Rick has the letters. Laszlo returns to Rick's café that night and tries to buy them. Rick refuses to sell, telling Laszlo to ask his wife why. They are interrupted when Strasser leads a group of German officers in singing "Die Wacht am Rhein". Laszlo orders the house band to play "La Marseillaise", and Rick allows it. Patriotism grips the crowd and everyone joins in, drowning out the Germans. Afterwards, Strasser has Renault close the club on a flimsy pretext.Later, Ilsa confronts Rick in the deserted café; when he refuses to give her the letters, she threatens him with a gun but then confesses that she still loves him. She explains that when they met and fell in love in Paris in 1940, she believed her husband had been killed while attempting to escape from a concentration camp. When she learned that Laszlo was alive and hiding near Paris, she left Rick without explanation to nurse her sick husband. Rick's bitterness dissolves. He agrees to help, letting Ilsa believe she and Rick will stay together while Laszlo leaves Casablanca. When Laszlo unexpectedly shows up, having narrowly escaped a police raid on a Resistance meeting, Rick has waiter Carl spirit Ilsa away. Laszlo, aware of Rick's love for Ilsa, tries to persuade him to use the letters to take her to safety.When the police arrest Laszlo on a trumped-up charge, Rick persuades Renault to release him by promising to set Laszlo up for a much more serious crime: possession of the letters. To allay Renault's suspicions, Rick explains that he and Ilsa will use the letters to leave for America. When Renault tries to arrest Laszlo as arranged, however, Rick forces him at gunpoint to assist in their escape. At the last moment, Rick makes Ilsa board the plane to Lisbon with Laszlo, telling her that she would regret it if she stayed, "Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon and for the rest of your life." Strasser, tipped off by Renault, drives up alone. When Strasser attempts to stop the plane and then draws a gun on Rick, the latter shoots him dead. Policemen arrive. Renault orders them to "round up the usual suspects." He suggests to Rick that they join the Free French in Brazzaville. As they walk away into the fog, Rick says, "Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship."
484	Maltese Falcon, The (1941)	Film-Noir, Mystery	In San Francisco, private investigators Sam Spade and Miles Archer meet prospective client Ruth Wonderly. She claims to be looking for her missing sister, who ran off from their home in New York and came to the city with a man named Floyd Thursby. Archer agrees to help get her sister back. However, later that night, the police inform Spade that Archer has been killed. Spade tries calling his client at her hotel to discover she has checked out. Back at his apartment, he is grilled by police detective Tom Polhaus and Lieutenant Dundy, who tell him that Thursby was murdered the same evening. Dundy suggests that Spade had the opportunity and motive to kill Thursby, who likely killed Archer.Later that morning, Spade meets Wonderly. Now calling herself Brigid O'Shaughnessy, she confesses that her story was made up. She persuades Spade to investigate the murders and also reveals that Thursby was her partner; she suspects he took advantage of her and killed Archer, but claims to have no idea who killed Thursby. At his office, Spade meets Joel Cairo, who offers him $5,000 to find a "black figure of a bird". When Spade is skeptical, Cairo pulls a gun on him and searches the room for it. Spade knocks Cairo out and goes through his belongings. When Cairo comes round, he hires Spade.On his way to visit O'Shaughnessy later that evening, Spade is followed by a young man but manages to evade him. When he tells O'Shaughnessy about Cairo, her nervousness indicates she knows him. He arranges a meeting between the two at his apartment, where Cairo becomes agitated when O'Shaughnessy reveals that the "Fat Man" is in San Francisco. When Spade goes to Cairo's hotel in the morning, he spots Wilmer Cook, the young man who trailed him earlier. Wilmer works for Kasper Gutman, the "Fat Man". In his hotel suite, Gutman relates the history of the Maltese Falcon, then offers Spade his pick of either $25,000 for the statuette and another $25,000 after its sale, or a quarter of the proceeds from its sale.Spade passes out because his drink is spiked. Wilmer and Cairo come in from another room and leave with Gutman. On coming round, Spade searches the suite and finds a newspaper with the arrival time of the freighter La Paloma circled. He goes to the dock, only to find the ship on fire. Later, the ship's captain Jacoby is shot several times and staggers into Spade's office before dying. The bundle he was clutching contains the Maltese Falcon. O'Shaughnessy calls the office, gives an address, then screams before the line goes dead.Spade stashes the package at the bus terminal, then goes to the address, which turns out to be an empty lot. Spade returns home to discover O'Shaughnessy hiding in a doorway. He takes her inside and finds Gutman, Cairo, and Wilmer waiting for him, guns drawn. Gutman gives Spade $10,000 for the Falcon, but Spade tells them that part of his price is someone he can turn over to the police for the murders of Thursby and Captain Jacoby, suggesting Wilmer. After some intense negotiation, Gutman and Cairo agree and Wilmer is knocked out and disarmed.Just after dawn, Spade calls his secretary, Effie Perine, to bring him the bundle. However, when Gutman inspects the statuette, he finds it is a fake. Cairo lashes out at Gutman, and Wilmer escapes during the tumult. Recovering his composure, Gutman invites Cairo to return with him to Istanbul to continue their quest. After they leave, Spade calls the police and tells them where to pick up the pair. Spade then angrily confronts O'Shaughnessy, telling her he knows she killed Archer to implicate Thursby, her unwanted accomplice. She confesses, but begs Spade not to turn her over to the police. Despite his feelings for her, Spade gives O'Shaughnessy up. He submits the statuette as evidence, describing it as "the stuff that dreams are made of".
485	My Fair Lady (1964)	Musical, Romance	In London, Professor Henry Higgins, a scholar of phonetics, believes that a person's accent determines their prospects in society ("Why Can't the English?"). At the Covent Garden fruit-and-vegetable market one evening, he listens to Eliza Doolittle, a young flower seller with a strong Cockney accent, and makes notes. This causes others to suspect he is a detective. Eliza protests that she has done nothing wrong and asks Colonel Pickering, himself a phonetics expert, to confirm this. Pickering and Higgins are delighted to become acquainted; in fact, Pickering had come from India just to meet Higgins. Higgins boasts he could teach even someone like Eliza to speak so well he could pass her off as a duchess at an embassy ball. Eliza wants to work in a flower shop, but her accent makes that impossible ("Wouldn't It Be Loverly"). The following morning, Eliza shows up at Higgins's home, seeking lessons. Pickering is intrigued and offers to cover all the attendant expenses if Higgins succeeds. Higgins agrees and describes how women ruin lives ("I'm an Ordinary Man").Eliza's father, Alfred P. Doolittle, a dustman, learns of his daughter's new residence ("With a Little Bit of Luck"). He shows up at Higgins's house three days later, ostensibly to protect his daughter's virtue, but in reality to extract some money from Higgins, and is bought off with £5. Higgins is impressed by the man's honesty, his natural gift for language, and especially his brazen lack of morals. Higgins recommends Alfred to a wealthy American who is interested in morality.Eliza endures Higgins's demanding teaching methods and harsh treatment ("Just You Wait"), while the servants feel both annoyed with the noise as well as pity for Higgins ("Servants' Chorus"). She makes no progress, but just as she, Higgins, and Pickering are about to give up, Eliza finally "gets it" ("The Rain in Spain"); she instantly begins to speak with an impeccable upper-class accent, and is overjoyed at Higgins having danced with her ("I Could Have Danced All Night").As a trial run, Higgins takes her to Ascot Racecourse ("Ascot Gavotte"), where she makes a good impression initially, only to shock everyone by a sudden lapse into vulgar Cockney while cheering on a horse. Higgins is amused. There, she meets Freddy Eynsford-Hill, a young upper-class man who becomes infatuated with her ("On the Street Where You Live").Higgins then takes Eliza to an embassy ball, where she dances with a foreign prince. Zoltan Karpathy, a Hungarian former pupil of Higgins, watches, listens, dances with Eliza, and finally declares she is a Hungarian princess.Afterwards, Eliza's hard work is ignored, with all the praise going to Higgins ("You Did It"). This and his callous treatment of her, especially his indifference to her future, causes her to walk out on him, but not before she throws his slippers at him, leaving him mystified by her ingratitude ("Just You Wait [Reprise]"). Outside, Freddy is waiting ("On the Street Where You Live [Reprise]") and greets Eliza, who is irritated by him as all he does is talk ("Show Me"). She tries to return to her old life, but finds that she no longer fits in. She meets her father, who has been left a generous income by the wealthy American to whom Higgins had recommended him, and is resigned to marrying Eliza's stepmother. Doolittle feels that Higgins has ruined him, lamenting that he is now bound by "middle-class morality" ("Get Me to the Church On Time"). Eliza eventually visits Higgins's mother, who is outraged at her son's behavior.The next day, Higgins finds Eliza gone and searches for her ("A Hymn to Him"), eventually finding her at his mother's house. He attempts to talk her into coming back to him. He becomes angered when she announces that she is going to marry Freddy and become Karpathy's assistant ("Without You"). He goes home, predicting that she will come crawling back. However, he comes to the realization that she has become important to him ("I've Grown Accustomed to Her Face"). He turns on his gramophone and listens to her voice. Suddenly, she appears in the doorway. He nonchalantly asks, "Eliza, where the devil are my slippers?" She simply smiles.
486	Sabrina (1954)	Comedy, Romance	Sabrina Fairchild is the young daughter of the Larrabee family's chauffeur, Thomas Fairchild, and has been in love with David Larrabee all her life. David, a three-times-married, non-working playboy, has never paid romantic attention to Sabrina. Since she has lived for years on the Larrabee estate in Long Island with her father, to David she is still a child.Eavesdropping on a party at the mansion the night before she is to leave to attend the Le Cordon Bleu cooking school in Paris, Sabrina watches, follows, and listens as David entices yet another woman into a dark and vacant indoor tennis court. Distraught, she leaves her father a suicide note and then starts all eight cars in the closed garage in order to kill herself. She is passing out from the fumes when Linus, David's older brother, opens the door, discovers her and carries her back to her quarters above the garage. She passes out upon arriving home.After two years in Paris, Sabrina returns home an attractive, sophisticated woman. When her father is delayed from picking her up at the station, flirtatious David, passing by, offers her a lift without recognizing her. She accepts.Once David realizes who she is, he is quickly drawn to Sabrina and invites her to join him at a party at the mansion, and then later invites her to the indoor tennis court. When Linus sees this, he fears that David's imminent marriage to the wealthy Elizabeth Tyson may be endangered. If that engagement were broken, it would ruin a profitable opportunity for a great corporate merger between Larrabee Industries and Elizabeth's father's business. Instead of confronting David about his irresponsibility, Linus pretends to sympathize with him. Linus manipulates David to sit down on champagne glasses he has placed in his pockets, and David is incapacitated for a few days.Linus takes David's place with Sabrina at the tennis court, on the pretext that "it's all in the family". He continues to pursue her following that evening and both fall in love, though neither will admit it. Linus's plan is to send Sabrina back to Paris on the pretense that he will join her there. His intention was to get her on to the ocean liner but then not join her, in order to get her away from David, the family, and the now-threatened merger. However, when Linus instead confesses these intentions to Sabrina, she is hurt but understands the logic of the tactic. She agrees to sail the next day to live in Paris, but without Linus's offered money and other inducements.The following morning, Linus has second thoughts, and decides to send David to Paris with Sabrina. This means calling off David's wedding with Elizabeth and the Tyson deal. Linus schedules a meeting of the Larrabee board to announce this. Instead, David enters the meeting room at the last minute and says that he will marry Elizabeth after all. He also helps Linus recognize his own feelings for Sabrina by insulting her and letting Linus punch him in the face. Then, having already arranged a car and a tugboat to wait for Linus, David assists him to rush off and join Sabrina's ship before it leaves the harbor. Linus seeks out Sabrina on board the ship and they sail away together.
487	Roman Holiday (1953)	Comedy, Romance	Crown Princess Ann is on a tightly-scheduled tour of European capital cities for her unnamed nation. After an especially hard day in Rome, her doctor gives her an injection and advises: "Best thing I know is to do exactly what you wish for awhile." She secretly leaves the embassy to explore the city and, as the drug takes effect, falls asleep atop a low wall, where Joe Bradley, an American reporter, finds her. Not recognizing her, he thinks she is intoxicated and takes her to his apartment to sleep it off.Joe oversleeps and misses the princess's scheduled press conference, but claims to his editor, Hennessy, that he attended. Hennessy shows him a news item about the cancellation of the press conference due to the princess's "sudden illness". Joe realizes the woman in his apartment is the princess from the newspaper photograph, and asks Hennessy what he would pay for an exclusive interview with her. Hennessy offers $5000, and counters with a $500 bet that Joe will not be able to get it.Joe calls his photographer friend, Irving Radovich, and offers to show "Anya" around Rome, without revealing that he is a reporter and that he knows her true identity. Ann cites an important appointment and leaves. Joe follows and sees her explore an outdoor market, buy shoes, and get her long hair cut short. Joe contrives to meet her on the Spanish Steps and convinces her to spend the day with him, taking her to a street café to meet up with Irving, who takes pictures with a camera concealed in his cigarette lighter. Ann claims to be playing truant from school. When Ann clumsily drives a Vespa through Roman traffic with Joe as a passenger, they are arrested, but Joe and Irving show their "fake" press passes and are released. They tour the Colosseum. Joe then takes Ann to the Mouth of Truth and tells her the legend attached to it: if a liar puts their hand in the mouth, it will be bitten off. After Ann tries it after hesitating, it is Joe's turn, and he startles her by pretending that his hand has been cut off.As they attend a dance on a boat that her barber had invited her to, agents from Ann's government try to forcibly take her back. Ann joins Joe, Irving, and the barber to fight them, and smashes a guitar over one of the pursuers heads. When Joe is knocked into the river, Ann jumps in after him. They swim away and kiss as they sit shivering on the riverbank. While drying their wet clothes at Joe's apartment, a radio bulletin says that the people of Ann's country are concerned that her illness may be serious. Ann asks Joe to drive her to a corner near the embassy, where they kiss again. She bids him a tearful farewell.Upon her return, the princess replies to those attempting to remind her of her duty, "Were I not completely aware of my duty to my family and my country, I would not have come home tonight...or indeed ever again." Joe tells a disbelieving Hennessy that he did not get the story, but tells Irving he cannot stop him from selling the photographs. Joe and Irving attend the rescheduled press conference, to Ann's surprise. She asserts her faith in relations between nations just as between people, and Joe assures her that her faith is not misplaced. When asked which city she most enjoyed visiting, she begins to say it would be difficult before declaring "Rome. By all means, Rome." Other photographers take pictures with their large press cameras, while Irving makes a show of using his cigarette lighter. Ann speaks briefly with each journalist, and Irving presents her with his photographs as a memento of Rome. Joe remains behind after everyone else leaves, before walking from the room.
488	Sunset Blvd. (1950)	Film-Noir	At a mansion on Sunset Boulevard, police officers and photographers discover the body of Joe Gillis floating face down in the swimming pool. In a flashback, Joe relates the events leading to his death.Six months earlier, Joe, a down-on-his-luck screenwriter, tries to interest Paramount Pictures in a story he submitted. Script reader Betty Schaefer harshly critiques it, unaware that Joe is listening. Later, while fleeing from repo men seeking his car, Joe turns into the driveway of a seemingly deserted mansion inhabited by forgotten silent film star Norma Desmond. Learning that Joe is a writer, Norma asks his opinion of a script she has written for a film about Salome. She plans to play the role herself in her return to the screen. Joe finds her script abysmal but flatters her into hiring him as a script doctor.Joe moves into Norma's mansion at her insistence and sees that Norma refuses to believe that her fame has evaporated. Her butler, Max, secretly writes all of the fan mail she receives to maintain the illusion. At her New Year's Eve party, Joe realizes that she has fallen in love with him. He tries to let her down gently, but Norma slaps him and retreats to her room, distraught. Joe visits his friend Artie Green and again meets Betty, who thinks a scene in one of Joe's scripts has potential. When he phones Max to have him pack his things, Max tells him Norma has cut her wrists with his razor. Joe then returns to Norma, and their relationship becomes sexual.Norma has Max deliver the edited Salome script to her former director Cecil B. DeMille at Paramount. She starts getting calls from Paramount executive Gordon Cole but refuses to speak to anyone except DeMille. Eventually, she has Max drive her and Joe to Paramount in her 1929 Isotta Fraschini. DeMille welcomes her affectionately and treats her with great respect but tactfully evades her questions about the script. Max then learns that Cole only called her because he wants to rent her Isotta Fraschini for use in a film.Preparing for her imagined comeback, Norma undergoes rigorous beauty treatments. Joe secretly works nights in Betty's office, collaborating on an original screenplay, and she eventually confesses she has fallen for him. After learning of Joe's moonlighting, Max reveals he was once a respected film director who discovered Norma, made her a star, and became her first husband. Following their divorce, he abandoned his career to become her servant.Norma discovers a manuscript with Joe and Betty's names on it and phones Betty, insinuating that Joe is not the man he seems. Overhearing the call, Joe invites Betty to the mansion to see for herself. When she arrives, he pretends that he is satisfied being a gigolo so that she can be with Artie. However, after she tearfully leaves, he packs to return to his old newspaper job in Dayton, Ohio. He bluntly informs Norma that there will be no comeback, that Max writes all of her fan mail, and that she has been forgotten, though Max refuses to break her delusions. Joe disregards Norma's threat to kill herself as she brandishes a gun; as he leaves the house, Norma shoots him three times, and he collapses into the pool.The flashback ends, and the film returns to the present day, with Norma about to be arrested for murder. The mansion is overrun with police and reporters with newsreel cameras, which she believes are film cameras. Max pretends to "direct" her, and the police play along. As the cameras roll, Norma descends the grand staircase. Upon reaching the bottom, she stops and makes an impromptu speech about how happy she is to be making a film again. She then says, "All right, Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my close-up." and approaches the camera.
489	Notorious (1946)	Film-Noir, Romance, Thriller	In April 1946, Alicia Huberman, the American daughter of a convicted Nazi spy, is recruited by government agent T. R. Devlin to infiltrate an organization of Nazis who escaped to Brazil after World War II. When Alicia refuses to help the authorities, Devlin plays recordings of her fighting with her father, insisting that she loves the United States.While awaiting the details of her assignment in Rio de Janeiro, Alicia and Devlin fall in love, though his feelings are complicated by her promiscuous past. When Devlin receives instructions to persuade her to seduce Alex Sebastian, her father's friend and a leading Farben executive, Devlin fails to convince his superiors that it is too much to ask of Alicia. The superiors cynically observe that seduction is not out of character for her. Told that Sebastian was once in love with Alicia, Devlin puts up a stoic front when informing Alicia about the mission. Mistakenly, Alicia infers that he was pretending to love her as part of his job.Devlin contrives to have Alicia meet Sebastian at a riding club. Recognizing her, Sebastian pursues her, saying he always knew they would be united. He invites Alicia to a dinner party at his home, where he will host a few business acquaintances. Devlin and Captain Paul Prescott of the U.S. Secret Service instruct Alicia to memorize the names and nationalities of everyone there. At dinner, Alicia observes a guest become agitated at the sight of a certain wine bottle; he is ushered quickly from the room. When the gentlemen are alone at the end of the dinner, this guest apologizes and tries to go home, but another insists on driving him, implying that the neurotic and untrustworthy associate will be killed.Alicia soon reports to Devlin, "You can add Sebastian's name to my list of playmates." Later, Alicia informs Devlin and Prescott that Sebastian has proposed to her. Disappointed by Devlin's indifference, she marries Sebastian.After returning from her honeymoon, Alicia tells Devlin that the key ring her husband gave her lacks a key to the wine cellar. Devlin suggests that Alicia throw a grand party and invite him, so he can investigate. Alicia secretly steals the key from Sebastian's ring, and Devlin and Alicia search the cellar. Devlin accidentally breaks a bottle; inside is black sand, later proven to be uranium ore. Taking a sample, Devlin hastily cleans up and locks the door. As Sebastian comes down for more champagne, Devlin kisses Alicia to create a distraction from their search. Alicia insists to Sebastian that Devlin is drunk and persistent; she brought him down to the cellar to prevent him from making an embarrassing scene in front of the party guests.Sebastian realizes that the cellar key is missing from his key ring, but the next morning, he finds that Alicia has reattached it during the night. Returning to the cellar, he finds remnants of glass and sand from the broken bottle. Sebastian knows he must silence Alicia but cannot expose her without revealing his own blunder to the unforgiving Nazi emigrés, who will kill him if they learn that he has married an American agent. Sebastian discusses the situation with his mother, who suggests that Alicia "die slowly" by poisoning. Alicia soon falls ill, and her illness worsens until she collapses and is confined to her room, where the telephone has been removed. Too weak to leave, she perceives that she has been exposed.Alarmed by Alicia's continuing absence, Devlin sneaks into Alicia's room, where she tells him that Sebastian and his mother are poisoning her. Shaken by Alicia's peril, he  confesses his love for her. He supports her down the steps in full view of Sebastian and his co-conspirators. To avoid the others catching on, Sebastian feigns husbandly concern, helping Devlin support Alicia down the steps, and accepting Devlin's story that hearing Alicia call out, Devlin found her condition worsened and needing immediate hospitalization. The conspirators are suspicious. Outside, Sebastian begs Devlin and Alicia to take him with them in Devlin's car, but they contemptuously drive away, leaving him behind to suffer a grim fate at the hands of his fellow Nazis.
490	To Catch a Thief (1955)	Comedy, Romance, Thriller	Police suspect retired jewel thief John "The Cat" Robie may be responsible for a string of burglaries on the French Riviera. When they arrive at his hilltop villa to question him, Robie slips away and heads to a restaurant owned by his friend, Bertani. The restaurant's staff, members of Robie's old gang who were paroled for their work in the French Resistance, are angry at Robie because they are all under suspicion as long as the new Cat is active. When the police arrive at the restaurant looking for Robie, Danielle, the daughter of the restaurant's wine steward Foussard, spirits him to safety.Robie wants to prove his innocence by catching the new Cat. He enlists help from insurance agent H. H. Hughson, who reluctantly provides a list of persons currently on the Riviera with the most expensive jewelery. American tourists Jessie Stevens, a wealthy nouveau riche widow, and her daughter Frances, top the list; Robie strikes up a friendship with them, posing as an Oregon businessman on vacation. Frances feigns modesty at first, but kisses Robie as she retires to her room.The next day, Frances invites Robie for a swim at the Cannes beach where he runs into Danielle. He maintains his cover as a wealthy American tourist, despite Danielle's jealous barbs about his interest in Frances. Frances accompanies Robie to a villa he says he is interested in renting but actually suspects might be the new Cat's next target. Frances reveals that she knows Robie's real identity. He initially denies it but concedes as the two watch a fireworks display from her hotel room later that night. They kiss passionately.The next morning, Jessie's jewels are gone. Frances accuses Robie and claims he used her as a distraction. She calls the police but Robie disappears by the time they arrive on the scene.That night, an assailant attacks Robie as he stakes out an estate while trying to catch the thief. A second attacker tries to kill him but accidentally hits the first assailant, who falls off the estate's seawall into the water. Police recover the body, which turns out to be Foussard.The police chief publicly announces that Foussard was the jewel thief. However, Robie points out to the police and Hughson that Foussard had a prosthetic leg and was unable to climb on rooftops. Foussard's funeral is interrupted by Danielle's loud accusation that Robie is responsible for her father's death. Outside the cemetery, Frances apologizes to Robie and confesses her love. Robie asks her to arrange his attendance at a masquerade ball she and Jesse are invited to and where he believes the Cat will strike.Robie accompanies Frances to the ball dressed as a masked Moor. The police hover nearby hoping to catch the Cat. When Jessie addresses the Moor as "John" and asks him to fetch her "heartburn pills" from upstairs, the authorities are seemingly tipped off to his identity. Upon the masked Moor's return, the police wait as he and Frances dance together all night. When the masked Moor accompanies Frances to her room it is revealed to be Hughson, who switched places with Robie to conceal the latter's exit. Upstairs, the burglar silently cleans out several jewel boxes.Robie hides atop the roof waiting for the Cat. He is about to leave when a figure in black finally emerges. Robie apprehends the person and unmasks Danielle. The police throw a spotlight on him and demand he surrender, giving Danielle a chance to slip away. Robie flees as they shoot at him. He corners his foe with jewels in hand. Danielle slips and goes over the roof's edge but catches the eave with one hand. Robie grabs her wrist, and as she hangs in his grasp, he forces her to admit to the police below that Bertani planned the thefts.Later, Robie speeds back to his villa, followed by Frances. She tries to convince him that she has a place in his life. He agrees but looks less than thrilled when she says that her mother will love his villa.
491	Adventures of Robin Hood, The (1938)	Action, Adventure	Richard, the Norman King of England, is taken captive in 1191 by Duke Leopold while returning from the Third Crusade. Richard's treacherous brother Prince John, aided by fellow Norman Sir Guy of Gisbourne, names himself regent of England, increasing the Saxons' taxes under the pretense of gathering a ransom for Richard.The Normans exploit and oppress the Saxons. Sir Robin of Locksley, a Saxon noble, opposes the brutality and rescues Much the Miller's Son from being executed for poaching, earning Gisbourne's ire. Robin later confronts Prince John at a Nottingham Castle banquet, telling the assembled guests that he regards John's declaring himself regent as treason. John orders Robin's execution, but he escapes and flees with Much and Will Scarlet into Sherwood Forest. John seizes Robin's lands and names him outlaw.Much is sent to recruit men to join their band. Robin and Will encounter John the Little on a log bridge, and after a quarterstaff contest, welcome him into their ranks. Dozens more men join Robin's band, swearing an oath to despoil the rich while aiding the poor, to fight injustice, and to show courtesy to all oppressed. They start a war against John and Gisbourne, dispatching those who abuse their power.Robin's band encounters the rotund Friar Tuck, a renowned swordsman. Tuck joins the band and assists in capturing a company of Normans transporting a shipment of gathered taxes. In the company are Gisbourne, the cowardly Sheriff of Nottingham, and King Richard's ward Lady Marian. After their capture, the men are humiliated at a celebratory woodland banquet, with Marian given a seat of honor. Initially scornful, she comes to share Robin's views after he shows her examples of Norman brutality against the Saxons. Robin sends the convoy back to Nottingham Castle, telling them that they have Marian's presence to thank for their lives being spared.Having noted Robin's focus on Marian during the Sherwood banquet, the sheriff suggests hosting an archery tournament, with the Lady Marian presenting a golden arrow as the prize to entrap Robin. Robin enters the tournament, is recognized by his archery skill, and is captured and sentenced to be hanged. Marian aids Robin's Men in a scheme to save him. After his daring escape, he scales the palace walls to thank her, and the two pledge their love for one another. Marian declines Robin's marriage proposal, electing to instead remain in the castle as a spy.King Richard returns with several of his knights. The Bishop of the Black Canons sees through Richard's disguise and alerts John. John sends disgraced former knight Dickon Malbete to kill Richard, promising Dickon Robin's title and lands. Marian overhears and writes to Robin, but is found out by Gisbourne and sentenced to death. Her nursemaid, Bess, tells Much everything. He intercepts Dickon and kills him after a fight.Richard and his men, disguised as Norman monks, travel through Sherwood and are stopped by Robin. Assuring Robin they are on the king's business, Richard accepts Robin's offer of hospitality and his condemnation of the Holy Crusade, but does not reveal his identity.Much relays Bess' news. Robin orders his men to find and protect Richard; now certain of Robin's loyalty, Richard reveals himself. Robin coerces the Bishop of the Black Canons to allow them to join his monks in disguise so they can enter Nottingham Castle. Once inside, Richard announces his presence, and a huge melee erupts. Robin kills Gisbourne after a lengthy duel, frees Marian, and prompts John's men to surrender.Returned to his throne, Richard banishes John, the Sheriff, and the Bishop from England "for the remainder of my lifetime." He restores Robin's rank, raising him to Baron of Locksley and Earl of Sherwood and Nottingham. The king also pardons Robin's men, and commands Robin to take the hand of the Lady Marian in marriage. As Robin exits the castle with her, he responds "May I obey all your commands with equal pleasure, sire."
492	East of Eden (1955)	Drama	In 1917, during World War I, in the central California towns of Monterey and Salinas, Caleb "Cal" and Aron are young adult fraternal twins who live in the Salinas Valley with their father Adam Trask, a farmer and wartime draft board chairman. Adam is a deeply religious Christian. Aron is pious, dutiful, and responsible, while Cal is moody, embittered, and thinks that he is sinful. He believes his father loves only his brother Aron. Adam told the boys their mother, Kate, died when they were infants. However, Cal discovers Kate operates a brothel in nearby Monterey, though he keeps this information from Adam and Aron.Adam's idealistic plans for a long-haul vegetable shipping enterprise end disastrously, losing his entire fortune. To recoup his father's loss, and to earn his father's love, Cal decides to enter the bean-growing business, knowing that if the United States enters the war, bean prices will skyrocket. Cal borrows the $5,000 capital he needs from Kate. Kate reveals to Cal that she deserted the family because she hated living on the farm, that she never loved Adam, and rebelled against his completely controlling her. She shot Adam in the shoulder when he attempted to stop her leaving. In lending Cal the money, Kate notes the irony that the loan proceeds from her business are intended to preserve Adam's goodness.Meanwhile, Aron's girlfriend, Abra, is growing attracted to Cal, who seems to reciprocate her feelings.  Cal's bean venture is successful, and he intends to give the profits to Adam at a surprise birthday party that he and Abra have planned. As the party begins, Aron suddenly announces that he and Abra are engaged. While Adam is openly pleased, both Abra and Cal are uneasy due to their growing feelings for one another. Cal presents the money to his father; however, Adam refuses it, claiming it is war profiteering and demands he give it back to the farmers he "robbed." Adam adds that Aron's gift, compared to Cal's, is "honest and...good." A confused Cal sees his father's refusal as just another emotional rejection. When a distraught Cal leaves the room, Abra goes after him. Aron follows and orders Cal to stay away from her. Cal angrily tells Aron that their mother is alive, then takes him to her Monterey bordello. Cal roughly shoves the stunned Aron at the elderly Kate, causing her to fall. When Cal arrives home, Adam demands to know where Aron is. Cal initially responds he is not his brother's keeper, then tells Adam what he did.The truth about his mother drives the pacifistic Aron to get drunk, lose control, and then board a troop train to enlist in the army. When the sheriff informs Adam, he rushes to the station in a futile attempt to dissuade him. Adam fails and watches helplessly as Aron smashes his head through the rail car window, maniacally laughing as the train pulls away. A shocked Adam suffers a stroke, leaving him paralyzed and unable to communicate. Cal tries talking to Adam, but Adam is unresponsive. Abra pleads with Adam to show Cal some affection before it is too late. When Cal makes his last bid for acceptance before leaving town, Adam manages to speak. He tells Cal to fire the annoying nurse, then whispers something to him. Cal tells Abra that Adam said he wants only Cal to care for him. Cal sits alone by his father's bedside, the emotional chasm between the father and son apparently healing, with Cal presumably staying to care for him.
493	Thin Man, The (1934)	Mystery	The Thin Man is a media franchise featuring detective characters Nick and Nora Charles based on the 1934 novel of the same name by Dashiell Hammett. The franchise includes six theatrical films, one radio series, and one television series. Additionally, it has been reimagined for the stage through a musical and various plays.
494	His Girl Friday (1940)	Comedy	Walter Burns, a hard-boiled newspaper editor, learns that his ex-wife and former star reporter, Hildy Johnson, is about to marry insurance man Bruce Baldwin and settle down as a housewife in Albany. Walter, determined to sabotage these plans, asks a reluctant Hildy to cover one last story: the execution of Earl Williams, who has been convicted of murdering a black policeman. Walter maintains that Williams is innocent and that the city fathers are only going through with the execution so as to curry favor with black voters. Hildy accepts the assignment on the condition that Walter buy a life insurance policy from Bruce.While Hildy works on the story, Walter does everything he can to keep Bruce from taking her to Albany, including framing him for theft (forcing Hildy to bail him out of jail). Exasperated, Hildy quits, but when Williams escapes, her journalistic instincts get the better of her. Walter frames Bruce again, and he is immediately sent back to jail.Williams suddenly appears at the window of the press room where Hildy is working. She hides him in a rolltop desk. Meanwhile, a messenger from the governor arrives at the mayor's office with a reprieve for Williams. The mayor, who is determined to see Williams hanged, bribes the messenger to keep the reprieve under his hat until it is too late.Mrs. Baldwin, Hildy's future mother-in-law, enters the press room, having eluded a kidnapper sent by Walter. She reveals to the assembled crowd (which includes the mayor) that Hildy is keeping Williams in the desk. Williams is taken back to his cell and Walter and Hildy are arrested for abetting his escape. At this point, the messenger returns with the reprieve, telling the mayor that he has decided not to take the bribe after all. Walter uses this information to blackmail the mayor into letting them go.Walter tells Hildy that she is free to go to Albany with Bruce. Hildy is put out by this, realizing that she still loves Walter and is not ready to give up her career as a journalist. Bruce then calls to say he has been arrested again, this time for carrying counterfeit money (that Walter gave him). Hildy is relieved to learn that Walter never had any intention of letting her go quietly. Walter proposes to Hildy for the second time and promises to take her on the honeymoon they never had in Niagara Falls. He then learns that there is a strike in Albany, which is on the way to Niagara Falls. Hildy agrees to honeymoon in Albany, accepting that Walter will never change.
495	Around the World in 80 Days (1956)	Adventure, Comedy	Broadcast journalist Edward R. Murrow presents an onscreen prologue, featuring footage from A Trip to the Moon (1902) film made by Georges Méliès, explaining that it is based loosely on the book From the Earth to the Moon by Jules Verne. Also included is the launching of an unmanned rocket and footage of the earth receding.In 1872, an English gentleman Phileas Fogg claims he can circumnavigate the world in eighty days. Met with scepticism, he makes a £20,000 wager (worth about £2.3 million today) with four fellow members of the Reform Club (each contributing £5,000 to the bet) that he can make the journey and arrive back at the club eighty days from exactly 8:45 pm that evening.Together with his resourceful French valet, Passepartout, Fogg goes hopscotching around the globe generously spending money to encourage others to help him get to his destinations faster so he can accommodate tight steamship schedules. Having reached Paris they hear that a tunnel under the Alps is blocked. The Thomas Cook agent who assists them offers to hire or sell them his gas filled balloon. Fogg buys it and they fly over the Alps drinking champagne.Blown off-course, the two accidentally end up in Spain, where we see a table-top flamenco sequence performed in a bar. Later, Passepartout engages in a comic bullfight. Next, they go to Brindisi in Italy. Meanwhile, back in London, suspicion grows that Fogg has stolen £55,000 (around £6.2 million today) from the Bank of England so Police Inspector Fix is sent out by Scotland Yard to trail him (starting in Suez) but must keep waiting for a warrant to arrive so he can arrest Fogg in the British-controlled ports they visit.In India, Fogg and Passepartout rescue a beautiful young widow Aouda from being forced into a funeral pyre with her late husband. The three then travel to Hong Kong, Yokohama, San Francisco, and the Wild West (including the Sioux Nation, one was peaceful and the other are fearsome). Reaching New York, they arrange their passage on a cargo steamship travelling to Venezuela – Fogg bribes the captain to go to England. Alas, they run out of coal mid-ocean and the ship stops. Fogg buys the ship and then instructs the crew to take everything that burns, including lifeboats, to provide fuel.They arrive in Liverpool, where, still with just enough time left to travel to London and win his wager, Fogg is promptly arrested by the diligent yet misguided Inspector Fix.Detaining Fogg at the police station, the embarrassed Fix discovers that the real culprit has already been apprehended by police in Brighton. Although Fogg is exculpated and free to go, he now has insufficient time to reach London before his deadline, and so has lost everything but the enduring love of the winsome Aouda. Upon returning to London, Fogg asks Passepartout to arrange a church wedding for the next day, Monday. Salvation comes when Passepartout is shocked to be informed that the next day is actually Sunday. Fogg then realizes that by traveling east towards the rising sun and crossing the International Date Line, he has gained a day. Thus, there is still just enough time to reach the Reform Club and win the bet. Fogg rushes to the club, arriving just before the 8:45 pm chime. Passepartout and Aouda then arrive behind him, inadvertently shocking everyone, as no woman has ever entered the Reform Club before.
496	It's a Wonderful Life (1946)	Drama	On Christmas Eve 1945, in Bedford Falls, New York, George Bailey contemplates suicide. The prayers of his family and friends reach Heaven, where guardian angel second class Clarence Odbody is assigned to save George and earn his wings. Clarence is shown flashbacks of George's life. He watches 12-year-old George rescue his younger brother Harry from drowning in a frozen pond, leaving George with deafness in his left ear. George later saves pharmacist Mr. Gower from accidentally poisoning a customer.In 1928, George plans a world tour before college. He is reintroduced to Mary Hatch, who has loved him since childhood. When his father dies from a stroke, George postpones his travel to settle the family business, Bailey Brothers Building and Loan. Avaricious board member Henry F. Potter, who owns most of the town, seeks to dissolve the company, but the board of directors votes to keep it open if George runs it. George works alongside his uncle Billy, giving his tuition savings to Harry with the understanding that Harry will take over the company when he graduates.Harry returns from college married and with a job offer from his father-in-law, and George resigns himself to running the building and loan. George and Mary rekindle their relationship and marry, but abandon their honeymoon to use their savings to keep the company solvent during a run on the bank. Under George, the company establishes Bailey Park, a housing development surpassing Potter's overpriced slums. Potter entices George with a high-paying job, but George rebuffs him when he realizes that Potter's true intention is to close the building and loan.On Christmas Eve, the town prepares a hero's welcome for Harry, a Navy fighter pilot awarded the Medal of Honor for preventing a kamikaze attack on a troopship. Billy goes to Potter's bank to deposit $8,000 ($139,726 in 2024) of the building and loan's money. He taunts Potter with a newspaper headline about Harry, but absentmindedly wraps the cash in Potter's newspaper. Potter keeps the money, while Billy cannot recall how he misplaced it. With a bank examiner reviewing the company's records, George fruitlessly retraces Billy's steps. Frustrated and angered by Billy's blunder, which may lead to scandal and jail, George resents the sacrifices he has made and the family that has kept him trapped in Bedford Falls. He appeals to Potter for a loan, offering his meager life insurance policy as collateral. Potter scoffs that George is worth more dead than alive and phones the police.George flees Potter's office, gets drunk at a bar, and prays for help. Contemplating suicide, he goes to a bridge. Before George can jump, Clarence dives into the river and George rescues him. When George wishes he had never been born, Clarence takes him into an alternate timeline in which he never existed. George finds that Bedford Falls is now Pottersville, an unsavory town occupied by sleazy entertainment venues and callous people. Mr. Gower was jailed for manslaughter because George did not stop him from poisoning the customer. His mother does not know him, and Uncle Billy was institutionalized after the building and loan failed. Bailey Park is a cemetery, where George discovers Harry's grave; without George to save him, Harry drowned in the frozen pond as a child; and without Harry to save them, the troops aboard the transport were killed. George finds that Mary is an "old maid" librarian. When he grabs her and claims to be her husband, she screams and runs away.George races back to the bridge and begs Clarence, and then God, for his life back. His wish granted, he happily rushes home to await his arrest. Mary and Billy have rallied the townspeople, who donate more than enough to replace the missing money. Harry arrives and toasts George as "the richest man in town". Among the donations, George finds a copy of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, a gift from Clarence inscribed: "Remember, no man is a failure who has friends. Thanks for the wings!" When a bell on the Christmas tree rings, George's youngest daughter, Zuzu, explains that, "every time a bell rings, an angel gets his wings", while those gathered sing "Auld Lang Syne".
497	Bringing Up Baby (1938)	Comedy	David Huxley is a mild-mannered paleontologist. For the past four years, he has been assembling the skeleton of a Brontosaurus but is missing one bone: the "intercostal clavicle."  Adding to his stress is his impending marriage to Alice Swallow and the need to impress Elizabeth Random, who is considering a million-dollar donation to his museum.The day before his wedding, David meets Susan Vance by chance on a golf course. She plays his ball, but she is oblivious to the fact that she has made a mistake. Susan is a free-spirited, somewhat scatterbrained, young lady, unfettered by logic. These qualities soon embroil David in several frustrating incidents.Susan's brother Mark has sent her a tame leopard named Baby from Brazil. Its tameness is helped by hearing the song "I Can't Give You Anything but Love, Baby". Susan thinks David is a zoologist, and manipulates him into accompanying her in taking Baby to her farm in Connecticut. Complications arise when Susan falls in love with him, and she tries to keep him at her house as long as possible, even hiding his clothes, to prevent his imminent marriage.David's prized intercostal clavicle is delivered, but Susan's aunt's dog George takes it and buries it somewhere. When Susan's aunt arrives, she discovers David in a negligee. To David's dismay, she turns out to be Elizabeth Random. A second message from Mark makes clear the leopard is for Elizabeth, as she always wanted one. Baby and George, who have befriended one another, run off. The zoo is called to help capture Baby. Susan and David race to find Baby before the zookeepers do and, mistaking a dangerous leopard from a nearby circus for Baby, they let it out of its cage.David and Susan are jailed by a befuddled town policeman, Constable Slocum, for acting strangely at the house of Dr. Fritz Lehman, where they have cornered the circus leopard, thinking it is Baby. When Slocum does not believe their story, Susan tells him they are members of the "Leopard Gang"; she calls herself "Swingin' Door Susie," and David "Jerry the Nipper."  Eventually, when everyone's identity has been cleared up, Susan(who earlier escaped out a window) returns, dragging a leopard on a rope. When it is revealed that this is not Baby but the highly irritated circus leopard, David saves Susan, using a chair to shoo the big cat into a cell.Some time later, Susan finds David, who has been jilted by Alice because of her, on a high platform working on his Brontosaurus reconstruction at the museum. After showing him the missing bone which she found by trailing George for three days, Susan, against his warnings, climbs a tall ladder next to the dinosaur to be closer to him. She tells David that her aunt has given her the million dollars, and she wants to donate it to the museum, but David is more interested in telling her that the day spent with her was the best day of his life. They declare their love for each other, and Susan, distracted by the moment, unconsciously swings the ladder from side to side. As they talk, and the ladder sways more and more with each swing, Susan and David finally notice that Susan is in danger. Frightened, she climbs onto the skeleton, eventually causing it to collapse. David grabs her hand before she falls, lifts her onto the platform, and halfheartedly complains about the loss of his years of work on his Brontosaurus as she talks him into forgiving her. Resigning himself to a future of chaos, David embraces Susan.
498	African Queen, The (1951)	Action, Adventure, Romance, War	Samuel Sayer and his sister Rose are English Methodist missionaries in German East Africa in August 1914. Their mail and supplies are delivered by a small steamboat named the African Queen, helmed by the rough-and-ready Canadian mechanic Charlie Allnut, whose coarse behavior they stiffly tolerate.When Charlie warns the Sayers that war has broken out between Germany and Britain, they choose to remain in Kungdu, only to witness German colonial troops burn down the village and herd the villagers away to be pressed into service. When Samuel protests, he is struck by a soldier and soon becomes delirious with fever, dying shortly afterward. Charlie helps Rose bury her brother and they escape in the African Queen.Charlie mentions to Rose that the British are unable to attack the Germans because of the presence of a large gunboat, the Königin Luise, patrolling a large lake downriver. Rose comes up with a plan to convert the African Queen into a torpedo boat and sink the Königin Luise. After some persuasion, Charlie goes along with the plan.Charlie encourages Rose to navigate the river by rudder while he tends the engine, and she is emboldened after they pass the first set of rapids with minimal flooding in the boat. When they pass the German fortress, the soldiers begin shooting at them, damaging the boiler. Charlie manages to reattach a pressure hose just as they are about to enter the second set of rapids. The boat rolls and pitches as it goes down the rapids, leading to more severe flooding on the deck. While celebrating their success, Charlie and Rose find themselves in an embrace and kiss. The third set of rapids damages the boat's propeller shaft. They rig up a primitive forge on shore and Charlie straightens the shaft and welds a new blade onto the propeller, allowing the two to set off again.All appears lost when the boat becomes mired in the mud and dense reeds near the mouth of the river. With no supplies left and short of potable water, Rose and a feverish Charlie pass out, both accepting that they will soon die. Rose says a quiet prayer. As they sleep, torrential rains raise the river's level and float the African Queen into the lake.Over the next two days, Charlie and Rose prepare for their attack. The Königin Luise returns and Charlie and Rose steam the African Queen out onto the lake in darkness, intending to set her on a collision course. A strong storm strikes, causing water to pour into the African Queen through the torpedo holes. Eventually the boat capsizes, throwing Charlie and Rose into the water. Charlie loses sight of Rose in the storm.Charlie is captured and taken aboard the Königin Luise, where he is interrogated by German officers. Believing that Rose has drowned, he makes no attempt to defend himself against accusations of spying and the German captain sentences him to death by hanging. Rose is brought aboard the ship just after Charlie's sentence is pronounced. The captain questions her, and Rose proudly confesses the plot to sink the Königin Luise, deciding that they have nothing to lose. The captain sentences her to be executed with Charlie, both as British spies. Charlie asks the German captain to marry them before they are executed. The captain agrees, and after conducting the briefest of marriage ceremonies, is about to carry out the execution when the Königin Luise is rocked by a series of explosions, quickly capsizing. The ship has struck the overturned submerged hull of the African Queen and detonated the torpedoes. The newly married couple is able to escape the sinking ship and swim to safety together.
499	Cat on a Hot Tin Roof (1958)	Drama	Late one night, a drunken Brick Pollitt is on a track field trying to recapture his glory days of high school sports by leaping hurdles, reminiscing about his moments as a youthful athlete. He breaks his ankle, leaving him dependent on a crutch. The next day, Brick and his wife Maggie ("the Cat") visit his family's plantation in the Mississippi Delta to celebrate Big Daddy's 65th birthday.Depressed, Brick has spent the last few years drinking while resisting the affections of his wife, who shares with him her worries about the inheritance of Big Daddy's wealth. There is speculation in the family about why Maggie is childless, while Brick's brother Gooper and his wife Mae have five children and another on the way.Big Daddy and Big Mama arrive home from the hospital by private airplane and are greeted by Gooper, Mae, and their children, along with Maggie. Annoyed by the rehearsed display that his grandchildren gave him, Big Daddy ignores them and drives home with Maggie. The news is that Big Daddy is not dying of cancer. However, his doctor meets privately, first with Gooper and then with Brick, to divulge that it is a deception: Big Daddy has inoperable cancer and will likely be dead within a year, and the truth is being kept from him, as well as from all the women in the family. Brick reveals this to Maggie, and she is heartbroken. Maggie wants Brick to take an interest in his father for both unselfish and selfish reasons, but he stubbornly refuses.As the party winds down, Big Daddy meets with Brick in his room, and says that he is fed up with Brick's behavior and alcoholism, demanding to know why he is so stubborn. At one point, Maggie joins them and, at Brick's insistence, reveals what happened a few years ago, on the night when Brick's best friend and football teammate, Skipper, took his life. Maggie was jealous of Skipper because he had more of Brick's time. She explains that Brick's infatuation with Skipper was misguided, as Skipper was far less good on the field and in life than Brick wanted to believe, and Skipper depended on Brick much more than Brick depended on Skipper. She says that Skipper was lost without Brick at his side. She thought about ruining their relationship "by any means necessary". To this end, she considered making love with Skipper, and use this information to let her husband question Skipper's loyalty. However, when she found herself in Skipper's hotel bedroom, she realized that she could have lost Brick instead, she changed her mind and ran away. That very same night, Skipper phoned Brick falsely claiming to have made love with Maggie. Since then, Brick had blamed Maggie for infidelity, hence refusing making love to her. Also, Brick had blamed himself for not having answered further phone calls from Skipper that night, hence his self-destruction with alcohol out of sense of guilt for Skipper's death.After an argument, Brick lets it slip to Big Daddy that Big Daddy will die of cancer, and that this birthday will be his last. Shaken, Big Daddy retreats to the cellar. Meanwhile, Gooper, who is a lawyer, and his wife Mae argue with Big Mama about the family's cotton business and Big Daddy's will, which Gooper, egged on by the scheming Mae, plans to use to cut Brick and Maggie out of the family fortune.Brick descends into the cellar, a labyrinth of antiques and family possessions, mostly bought by Big Mama, according to the decorative role typically reserved to a wealthy man's wife. Brick and Big Daddy confront each other in front of a large cutout of Brick in his glory days as an athlete. After Big Daddy tells Brick about his hobo father, a veteran of the Spanish-American War who, despite being a poor tramp, loved his young son and kept him with him always, the pair reaches a reconciliation of sorts.The rest of the family begins to crumble under pressure, with Big Mama stepping up as a strong figure. Maggie says that she would like to give Big Daddy her birthday present: the announcement of her pregnancy. After the jealous Mae calls Maggie a liar, Big Daddy and Brick defend her, although Brick knows that Maggie is not pregnant, and Big Daddy suspects it. In their room, Maggie and Brick reconcile and kiss, with the implication that they will make Maggie's lie come true.
500	Fly Away Home (1996)	Adventure, Children's	After surviving a car accident, in which her mother Aliane dies swerving out the way of an oncoming truck, 13-year-old Amy Alden is brought from New Zealand to Ontario, Canada, by her estranged father Thomas Alden, a sculptor and inventor, to live with him and his girlfriend Susan.When a construction crew destroys a small wilderness area near the Alden home, Amy finds an abandoned nest of 16 goose eggs. Without Thomas, Susan, or her uncle David knowing, she takes the eggs and keeps them in a dresser in her father's old barn to incubate. When the eggs hatch, she is allowed to keep the goslings as pets. Thomas asks for help from local Animal Regulation officer Glen Seifert on how to care for the geese. Seifert comes over to the Alden house, and explains that the geese have imprinted on Amy as their mother. He explains that geese learn everything from their parents including migratory routes, but also warns Thomas that a private ordinance dictates that all domestic geese must have their wings pinioned (clipped) to render them flightless. He promptly tries to demonstrate the process with one of the goslings, which upsets Amy. Thomas throws Seifert off his property, only for Seifert to threaten the Aldens that if the birds start flying, he will have to confiscate them.Thomas decides to use an ultralight aircraft he had been constructing to teach the birds to fly and show them their migratory routes, but quickly realizes the birds will only follow Amy. Aided by his friend Barry, Thomas teaches Amy how to fly an ultralight aircraft of her own. David knows someone running a bird sanctuary in North Carolina, and arranges for the geese to go to the sanctuary. The birds have to arrive before November 1, or the sanctuary will be torn down by developers who plan to turn it into a coastal housing development.Amy and Thomas practice flying the aircraft, but Igor, the weakest of the geese, who has a limp, accidentally hits the front of Amy's aircraft and lands in an isolated forest. While the group goes off to search for the bird, Seifert returns to the Alden farm and confiscates the other geese. The next day, the Aldens free the geese, and Amy leads them on their migration to North Carolina, keeping Igor strapped in her cockpit as he is unable to fly in his current condition.Making an emergency landing at Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station in western New York on the south shore of Lake Ontario, Amy and Thomas almost get arrested. They become national news, with residents cheering them on.Thomas and Amy meet an old woman with a vendetta against goose shooting, and she invites them to stay the night at her house. That night Amy asks Thomas why he rarely visited her and her mother. From her mother, she knows that her parents were artists, who tend to be selfish, and that her mother left for both of their sakes. Thomas tells her that he was afraid and angry at himself for letting them leave, so he spent the next ten years buried in his work. He apologizes to Amy.Thirty miles before reaching the bird sanctuary, Thomas's aircraft suffers a structural failure and crashes in a cornfield; having suffered a dislocated shoulder he tells Amy to finish the journey by herself. Thomas hitchhikes to the bird sanctuary. While waiting for the geese, Thomas, Susan, David, Barry, and many animal enthusiasts stand up to developers who are waiting to start the excavation of the site.Amy eventually appears with the geese, much to the joy of the townspeople and Amy's family, and to the dismay of the developers. The townspeople and the Aldens celebrate their victory. During the end credits, a note reveals that all 16 geese - including a fully recovered Igor - returned to the Aldens' farm on their own in the following spring.
501	Dumbo (1941)	Animation, Children's, Musical	In Florida, while a large circus spends the off-season in its winter grounds, a flock of white storks delivers many babies to the animals. One elephant, Mrs. Jumbo, does not receive her baby, and keeps scanning the sky in hope. The next spring, the circus sets out on a new tour. A belated stork catches up with a moving train named Casey Jr. and drops off the expected baby elephant, Jumbo Jr. The other elephants are initially delighted, until they see the baby has revealed far-oversized ears, and mockingly nickname him "Dumbo". Mrs. Jumbo shows her baby great care and love, defending him from the others' abuse.Being clumsy due to his ears, Dumbo is made into a sideshow attraction. When some rowdy boys start to bully Dumbo and his ears, even breaking into his pen, the furious Mrs. Jumbo spanks their leader. The circus staff is drawn in by the commotion and sees Mrs. Jumbo throwing hay bales at spectator, the shocked staff remove Dumbo from the pen, causing Mrs. Jumbo to be further enraged, eventually dousing the circus’s ringmaster in a water tub. She is subsequently deemed mad and locked up in a cage, while Dumbo is blamed for the incident by the elephants, and is still bullied by the others.After scaring off the other elephants, Timothy, a mouse that travels with the circus, befriends Dumbo and decides to make him a star. He whispers in the ringmaster's ear while the latter sleeps, convincing him to try a new stunt with Dumbo as the top of a pyramid of elephants. Dumbo trips on his ears during the show and knocks over the pyramid, injuring the others and causing the big top to collapse. After, all elephants exile Dumbo permanently as he is put in with the clowns' firemen act, regularly jumping from a "burning building" prop into a vat of pie filling. Despite his newfound popularity, he hates the new performance and is upset.Timothy decides to take Dumbo to see Mrs. Jumbo, but they cannot see each other's faces and can only intertwine trunks. Meanwhile, the clowns decide to increase the popularity of their fireman act by dangerously raising the platform Dumbo jumps from. In celebration of the plan, they drink champagne, and a bottle of it falls into a water vat. Crying after visiting his mother, Dumbo has an unsettling case of the hiccups, so Timothy takes him to the vat for some water, only to discover that the water contains champagne. Both of them get drunk, and hallucinate pink elephants.While recovering the next morning, Dumbo and Timothy are later discovered asleep high up in a tree by Dandy Crow and his gang of crows. Initially making fun of Timothy's assertion that Dumbo flew with his ears while being drunk, the crows are soon moved by Dumbo's sad story. They decide to help Timothy, giving him a "magic feather" to help Dumbo fly. Holding the feather, Dumbo does indeed take off a second time. He and Timothy return to the circus with plans to surprise the audience.During the clowns' fire act, Dumbo jumps off the platform and prepares to fly. He drops the feather, but Timothy assures him it was only a psychological aid. As Dumbo successfully flies about the big top, much to the audience’s delight, he throws a trunkful of peanuts to the other elephants as payback. Dumbo gains fame and fortune, Timothy becomes his new manager and signs him to a Hollywood contract, and Mrs. Jumbo is freed. She and Dumbo are given a private coach on Casey Jr., and the crows wave goodbye to the duo as they travel away.
502	Bananas (1971)	Comedy, War	The film opens with Howard Cosell's coverage of the assassination of the president of the fictional "banana republic" of San Marcos and a coup d'état that brings Gen. Emilio Molina Vargas to power.Fielding Mellish is a neurotic blue-collar man who tries to impress social activist Nancy by connecting with the revolution in San Marcos. He visits the republic and attempts to show his concern for the native people. However, Vargas secretly orders his men, disguised as Vargas's opponents, to kill Mellish to make the rebels look bad so that the U.S. will send Vargas financial aid. Mellish evades Vargas's assassins but is shortly captured by the real rebels. Vargas declares Mellish dead regardless, leaving Mellish no choice but to join the rebels for two months. Mellish then clumsily learns how to be a revolutionary. When the revolution is successful, it becomes apparent that Esposito, the Castro-style leader, has gone mad. The rebels decide to replace him with Mellish as their president.While traveling back to the U.S. to obtain financial aid, Mellish (sporting a long fake beard) reunites with Nancy and is exposed. In court, Mellish tries to defend himself from a series of incriminating witnesses, including a reigning Miss America and a middle-aged African-American woman claiming to be J. Edgar Hoover in disguise. One of the witnesses does provide testimony favorable to Mellish, but the court clerk, when asked to read back this testimony, replies with an entirely different, wholly unfavorable rendition. Mellish is eventually sentenced to prison, but his sentence is suspended on the condition that he does not move into the judge's neighborhood. Nancy then agrees to marry him. The film ends with Cosell's coverage of the between-the-covers consummation of their marriage, an event that was over much more quickly than Nancy had anticipated, with Mellish anticipating a rematch in the early spring.
503	Candidate, The (1972)	Drama	Marvin Lucas, a political consultant, must find a Democratic candidate to oppose three-term California Senator Crocker Jarmon, a popular Republican, in the upcoming election. With no big-name Democrat eager to enter the unwinnable race, Lucas seeks out Bill McKay, the idealistic, handsome, and charismatic son of the popular former California governor John J. McKay, who works as a public interest lawyer.Lucas gives McKay a proposition: since Jarmon cannot lose and the race is already decided, McKay is free to campaign saying exactly what he wants. McKay accepts in order to have the chance to spread his values, and hits the trail. With no serious Democratic opposition, McKay cruises to the nomination on his name alone. Lucas then has distressing news: according to the latest polling, McKay will be defeated by an overwhelming margin. Lucas says the party expected McKay to lose but not to be humiliated, so he convinces McKay to moderate his message to appeal to a broader range of voters.McKay campaigns across the state, his message growing more generic each day. This approach lifts him in the opinion polls, but he has a new problem: because McKay's father has stayed out of the race, the media interpret his silence as an endorsement of Jarmon. McKay grudgingly meets his father and tells him the problem, and the elder McKay tells the media he is simply honoring his son's wishes to stay out of the race.With McKay only nine points down in the polls, Jarmon proposes a debate. McKay agrees to give answers tailored by Lucas, but just as the debate ends, McKay has a pang of conscience and blurts out that the debate has not addressed real issues such as poverty and race relations. Lucas is furious, as this will hurt the campaign. Reporters try to confront McKay backstage but arrive as his father congratulates him on the debate. Instead of reporting on McKay's outburst, the story becomes the reemergence of the former governor to help his son. The positive story and McKay's father's help on the trail further close the polling gap.With the election a few days away, Lucas and McKay's father set up a meet-and-greet with a labor union representative to discuss another possible endorsement. During the meeting, the union representative tells McKay that he feels they can do much good for each other if they work together. McKay ostensibly tells him that he is not interested in associating with him, but the tension is quelled with uncomfortable yet unanimous laughter. After a publicized endorsement from the union rep, and with Californian workers now behind him, McKay pulls into a virtual tie with Jarmon.McKay wins the election. In the final scene, he escapes the victory party and pulls Lucas into a room while throngs of journalists clamor outside. McKay asks Lucas, "What do we do now?" The media throng arrives to drag them out, and McKay never receives an answer.
504	Bonnie and Clyde (1967)	Crime, Drama	During the Great Depression, Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parker of Texas meet when Clyde tries to steal Bonnie's mother's car. Bonnie, who is bored by her job as a waitress, is intrigued by Clyde and decides to take up with him and become his partner in crime. They pull off some holdups, but their amateur efforts, while exciting, are not very lucrative. Bonnie and Clyde turn from small-time heists to bank robbing.The duo's crime spree shifts into high gear once they hook up with a dim-witted gas station attendant, C.W. Moss. Their exploits also become more violent. After C.W. botches parking during a bank robbery and delays their escape, Clyde shoots the bank manager in the face when he jumps onto the slow-moving car's running board. Clyde's older brother Buck and his wife, Blanche, a preacher's daughter, also join them. The two women dislike each other at first sight, and their antipathy escalates. Blanche has nothing but disdain for Bonnie, Clyde, and C.W., while Bonnie sees Blanche's flightiness as a constant danger to the gang's survival.In Joplin, Missouri, local police show up at the gang's rented house after being alerted by a grocery delivery boy; two policemen are killed in a shootout. The gang is pursued by law enforcement, including Texas Ranger Frank Hamer, whom they capture and humiliate before leaving him adrift on a boat while handcuffed. The five outlaws then pull a heist, during which a police chase disables their vehicle. They steal Eugene Grizzard's car and take him and his girlfriend captive before quickly abandoning them when they learn he is an undertaker.Bonnie wants to visit her family in Texas and give them part of the heist funds, to which Clyde reluctantly acquiesces despite the risk. The gang is caught off guard by an ambush by law enforcement overnight, resulting in many casualties. Buck is mortally wounded by a shot to his head, and Blanche is injured in one eye, losing sight in it. Bonnie, Clyde, and C.W. barely escape alive, while Blanche falls into police custody. Hamer then tricks her into revealing C.W.'s name (until then he was only an "unidentified suspect").C.W. takes the wounded Bonnie and Clyde to hide out at the house of his father Ivan, who thinks the couple have corrupted his son (as evidenced by an ornate tattoo Bonnie convinced C.W. to get). The elder Moss makes a deal with Hamer: in exchange for mercy for C.W., he sets a trap for the outlaws. When Bonnie and Clyde stop on the side of the road to help Mr. Moss fix a flat tire, as a nearby flock of birds flies away, the posse in the bushes gun the couple down. Hamer and his men come out of hiding and gather around the couple's bodies.
505	Dial M for Murder (1954)	Mystery, Thriller	Tony Wendice, a retired English professional tennis player, is married to wealthy socialite Margot, who has been having an affair with Mark Halliday, an American crime-fiction writer. Unbeknownst to them, Tony knows about the affair and plots Margot's murder to inherit her fortune, fearing a divorce would leave him penniless.Tony is also aware that Charles Swann, an old acquaintance from Cambridge University, is a small-time con man with a criminal record. Tony invites Swann to his Maida Vale flat on a pretext and tells him about Margot's affair. Tony also confides that six months previously he had stolen Margot's handbag, which contained a love letter from Mark, and had anonymously blackmailed her. Tony tricks Swann into leaving his fingerprints on the letter, effectively entrapping him. He then threatens to expose Swann as the blackmailer unless he agrees to kill Margot. With the added inducement of £1,000 in cash, Swann agrees to the murder. Tony then explains that he and Mark will attend a party while Margot stays at home alone. At a specific time when Margot is certain to be in bed, Swann will enter the front door of the building, which is always unlocked, and will enter the locked door of the flat with Margot's latchkey, which Tony will hide on the staircase under a carpet. Tony will then telephone the flat from the party and Swann will kill Margot when she answers the call. Swann will whistle over the phone to signal the job is done, then create signs of a burglary gone wrong and put the key back under the staircase carpet as he is leaving the building.The following night, Swann enters the flat, and Tony rings as planned. When Margot answers the phone, Swann tries to strangle her with his scarf, but she fatally stabs him with scissors. Upon hearing Margot plead for help instead of Swann's expected whistle, Tony advises her not to speak to anyone. He returns home, calls the police, sends Margot to bed and transfers what he thinks is Margot's key from Swann's pocket into her handbag. He also attempts to frame Margot by planting Mark's letter on Swann and destroying Swann's scarf.The next day, Tony persuades Margot not to reveal that he told her not to call the police. Chief Inspector Hubbard arrives to question the Wendices, and Margot makes several conflicting statements. When Hubbard says the evidence indicates that Swann entered through the front door, Tony claims that Swann must have been responsible for stealing Margot's handbag, and made a copy of her key. As Tony intends, Hubbard does not believe the story and arrests Margot after concluding that she killed Swann for blackmailing her. At her trial, Margot is found guilty of murder and sentenced to death.Months later, on the day before Margot's scheduled execution, Mark visits Tony, saying he has devised a story for him to tell the police to save Margot. Mark's "story" is very close to what actually happened: that Tony paid Swann to kill Margot. If Tony confesses to Mark’s story, Tony would go to jail for a while, but Margot would be saved. Hubbard arrives unexpectedly, and Mark hides in the bedroom. Hubbard asks Tony about large sums of cash he has been spending around town, tricks Tony into revealing that his latchkey is in his raincoat, and inquires about Tony's attaché case. Tony claims to have misplaced the case, but Mark, overhearing the conversation, finds it on the bed, full of banknotes. Deducing that the money was Tony's intended payoff to Swann, Mark confronts Tony and explains his theory to Hubbard. Tony "confesses" that the cash was Margot's blackmail payment to Swann, which he had concealed to protect her. Hubbard appears to accept Tony's explanation, and Mark leaves angrily. Hubbard discreetly swaps his own raincoat with Tony's. As soon as Tony leaves, Hubbard uses Tony's key to re-enter the flat, followed by Mark. Hubbard had previously discovered that the key in Margot's handbag was Swann's own latchkey and deduced that Swann had put the Wendices' key back in its hiding place right after unlocking the door, instead of when the job was done. Now, correctly suspecting Tony of having conspired with Swann, Hubbard has developed an elaborate ruse to trap him.Plain clothes police officers bring Margot from prison to the flat. She tries unsuccessfully to unlock the door with the key in her handbag, then enters through the garden, proving to Hubbard that she is unaware of the hidden key and is therefore innocent. Hubbard has Margot's handbag returned to the police station, where Tony retrieves it after discovering that he has no key. The key from Margot's bag does not work, so he uses the hidden key to open the door, demonstrating his guilt and exonerating Margot. With his escape routes blocked by Hubbard and another policeman, Tony calmly makes himself a drink and congratulates Hubbard.
506	Rebel Without a Cause (1955)	Drama	In Los Angeles during the mid-1950s, teenager Jim Stark is arrested and taken to the juvenile division of a police station for public intoxication. At the station he crosses paths with John "Plato" Crawford, who was brought in for killing a litter of puppies, and Judy, who was brought in for curfew violation. The three separately reveal their innermost frustrations to the officers; all three of them suffer from problems at home. Jim feels anguished by his constantly bickering parents, Frank and Carol, but even more so by his timid father's failure to stand up to Carol; the issues are further complicated by Frank's interfering mother. His frustrations are made manifest to officer Ray Fremick when Jim is released to their custody.Judy is convinced that her father ignores her because she is no longer a little girl, so she dresses up in racy clothes to get attention, which only causes her father to call her a "dirty tramp", while Plato's father abandoned his family when he was a toddler, and his mother is often away from home, leaving Plato in the care of his housekeeper.On the way to his first day at Dawson High, Jim again meets Judy and offers her a ride. Seemingly unimpressed by Jim, she declines and is instead picked up by her "friends", a gang of delinquents led by Buzz Gunderson who Judy is also dating. Jim is shunned by the rest of the student body but is befriended by Plato, who comes to idolize Jim.After a field trip to Griffith Observatory, Buzz provokes and challenges Jim to a knife fight; Jim bests Buzz by knocking his switchblade out of his hand, then throws his own blade away. To preserve his status as gang leader, Buzz suggests stealing some cars to have a "Chickie Run" at a seaside cliff. At home, Jim ambiguously asks his father about defending one's honor in a dangerous situation, but Frank advises him against confrontation of any kind. That night, during the chickie run, Buzz plunges to his death when the strap on his jacket sleeve becomes entangled with his door-latch lever, preventing him from exiting the car. As police approach, the gang flees, leaving Judy behind, but Jim persuades her to leave with him and Plato.Jim later confides to his parents his involvement in the crash and considers turning himself in. When Carol declares they are moving again, Jim pleads with Frank to stand up for him. When Frank refuses, Jim attacks him in frustration, then storms off to the police station to confess, only to be turned away by the desk sergeant. Jim drives back home, finding Judy waiting for him. She apologizes for her prior treatment of him due to peer pressure, and the two begin to fall in love. Agreeing to never return to their respective homes, Jim suggests they visit an old deserted mansion Plato told him about.Meanwhile, Plato is intercepted by three members of Buzz's gang, who are convinced that Jim betrayed them to the police. They steal Plato's address book and pursue Jim; Plato retrieves his mother's gun and leaves to warn Jim and Judy, finding them at the mansion. The three new friends act out a fantasy as a family. Plato then falls asleep, and Jim and Judy leave to explore the mansion, where they share their first kiss. Buzz's gang find and wake up Plato, who, frightened and distraught, shoots and wounds one of the gang. When Jim returns, he attempts to restrain Plato, who flees, accusing Jim of abandoning him.Plato runs to the observatory and barricades himself inside as more police converge including Fremick who, along with Frank and Carol, has been searching for Jim. Jim and Judy follow Plato into the observatory, where Jim persuades Plato to trade the gun for his red jacket; Jim quietly removes the ammunition before returning it, and then convinces Plato to come outside. When the police notice that Plato still has the gun, they shoot Plato dead as he charges them, unaware that Jim had removed the bullets. Frank comforts his grieving son, vowing to be a better father. Now reconciled with his parents, Jim introduces them to Judy.
507	Streetcar Named Desire, A (1951)	Drama	Blanche DuBois, a middle-aged high school English teacher from Auriol, Mississippi, arrives in New Orleans. She takes a streetcar designated "Desire" to the French Quarter, where her sister Stella and Stella's husband Stanley Kowalski live in a small, dilapidated tenement apartment. Blanche claims to be on leave from her job due to anxiety. Blanche's demure manner is a stark contrast to Stanley's crude behavior, making them mutually wary and antagonistic. Stella welcomes having her sister as a guest, but Stanley patronizes and criticizes her.Blanche reveals that the DuBois family estate, Belle Reve, was lost to creditors. She was widowed at a young age after her husband's suicide. When Stanley suspects Blanche may be hiding an inheritance, she shows him proof of the foreclosure. Looking for further proof, he knocks some of Blanche's private papers to the floor. Weeping, she gathers them, saying they are poems from her dead husband; Stanley explains he was only looking out for his family, and then announces that Stella is pregnant.Blanche meets Stanley's friend Mitch, whose courteous manner and sensitivity is in sharp contrast to Stanley and his other friends, and the two fall in love. During a poker night with his friends, Stanley explodes in a drunken rage, striking Stella; Blanche and Stella flee upstairs to neighbor Eunice Hubbell's apartment. After his anger subsides, Stanley remorsefully bellows for Stella from the courtyard below. Stella is drawn downstairs by her attraction to Stanley, and they go to bed together. The next morning, Blanche urges Stella to leave Stanley, calling him a sub-human animal.As weeks pass into months, tension mounts between Blanche and Stanley. Blanche is hopeful about Mitch, but anxiety and alcoholism have her teetering on mental collapse while anticipating a marriage proposal. Meanwhile, Stanley discovers that Blanche had been fired for sleeping with an underage student. He passes this news on to Mitch. Stella angrily blames Stanley for this catastrophic revelation, but their fight is interrupted when she goes into labor.Later, Mitch arrives and confronts Blanche about Stanley's claims. She pleads for forgiveness, but Mitch, hurt and humiliated, ends their relationship. Later that night, while Stella's labor continues, Stanley returns from the hospital to sleep. Dressed in a tattered gown, Blanche pretends she is departing on a cruise with an old admirer. Stanley admonishes her for lying about her past and mistreating him; the two fight and it is implied that he rapes her.Weeks later, during another poker game at the apartment, doctors arrive to take the nearly catatonic Blanche to a mental hospital. Blanche has told Stella what happened, but Stella cannot bring herself to believe it. On seeing the doctor and nurse, Blanche resists at first, but the doctor talks to her gently and she goes with them willingly, saying that she has "always depended on the kindness of strangers". As Blanche is led away, Mitch tries to attack Stanley but is pulled away by the other poker players. Realizing that Blanche had told her the truth, Stella takes her baby upstairs to the Hubbells' apartment, determined to leave Stanley.
508	People vs. Larry Flynt, The (1996)	Drama	In 1972, Flynt and his younger brother, Jimmy, run the Hustler Go-Go, a struggling strip club in Cincinnati. In a bid to improve his business, Flynt decides to publish a newsletter for the club featuring nude photos of his strippers, which he names Hustler. The newsletter soon becomes a full-fledged magazine, but sales are weak. After Hustler publishes photos of former first lady Jackie Kennedy Onassis sunbathing nude in 1972, it becomes a national sensation, and Larry decides to focus on it full-time.Flynt becomes smitten with Althea Leasure, who he allows to work as a stripper despite her being underage. With his success comes enemies – as he finds himself a hated figure of anti-pornography activists. He argues with the activists, declaring that "murder is illegal, but if you take a picture of it, you may get your name in a magazine or maybe win a Pulitzer Prize. However, sex is legal, but if you take a picture of that act, you can go to jail." He becomes involved in several prominent court cases, and befriends his young and idealistic lawyer, Alan Isaacman.In 1975, Flynt is convicted on pornography charges, but the decision is overturned on appeal; he is released from jail soon afterwards. Ruth Carter Stapleton, a Christian activist and sister of President Jimmy Carter, seeks out Flynt and urges him to give his life to Jesus; this results in Flynt attempting to turn his life around and even push for Hustler to become a more tasteful publication in line with his competitors. However, Althea, who blames molestation by nuns during her years in Catholic school for her problems in life, grows to resent him.In 1978, during another trial in Georgia, Flynt and Isaacman are both shot by a man with a rifle while they walk outside a courthouse. Isaacman recovers, but Flynt is paralyzed from the waist down and uses a wheelchair for the rest of his life. Broken by the experience, Flynt renounces his faith, turns over control of Hustler to Jimmy and Althea, and moves to Beverly Hills, where he quickly spirals into drug addiction to combat his depression and crippling pain. In 1983, Flynt undergoes surgery to deaden several nerves in his back damaged by the bullet wounds, and as a result, feels rejuvenated. He soon returns to an active role with the publication.Flynt is soon in court again for leaking videos relating to the John DeLorean entrapment case, and during his courtroom antics, he fires Isaacman, then throws an orange at the judge. He later wears an American flag as an adult diaper along with an Army helmet, and wears provocative T-shirts. After spitting water at the judge, Flynt is committed to a psychiatric ward, where he sinks into depression again. Flynt publishes a satirical parody ad in which Jerry Falwell tells of a drunken sexual encounter with his mother. Falwell sues for libel and emotional distress. Flynt countersues for copyright infringement, because Falwell copied his ad and used it to raise funds for his legal bills. The case goes to trial in December 1984, but the decision is mixed, as Flynt is found liable for inflicting emotional distress but not libel and is forced to pay damages to Falwell.Althea, now a morphine addict, visits Flynt and reveals her HIV diagnosis; disgusted to learn that the Hustler staff won't even shake her hand, Flynt arranges a company meeting via phone call and fires everyone. Althea comes to live with him, but later drowns in the bathtub after passing out. Flynt presses Isaacman to appeal the Falwell decision to the Supreme Court of the United States. Isaacman refuses, saying Flynt's courtroom antics humiliated him. Flynt pleads with him, saying that he "wants to be remembered for something meaningful". Isaacman finally agrees to represent him in front of the Supreme Court, in the case Hustler Magazine v. Falwell in December 1987. With Flynt sitting silently in the courtroom, the court overturns the original verdict in a unanimous decision. After the trial, Flynt is shown to be alone in his bedroom watching old videotapes of a happy, healthy Althea and himself before tragedy struck them both.
509	My Left Foot (1989)	Drama	In 1932, Christy Brown is born into a Dublin family of 15. Doctors discover he has severe cerebral palsy. Christy is unable to walk or talk. He is loved and supported by his family, especially his mother.One day, Christy's mother trips down the stairs while in labour, and Christy is the only person home to see it. He alerts some neighbours to help. Christy's father never believed Christy would amount to anything, but becomes proud after witnessing him use his left foot, the only body part he can fully control, to write the word "mother" on the floor with a piece of chalk. Consequently, Christy seeks a hobby in painting. The neighbourhood youngsters include him in their activities, like street football, but when he paints a picture and gives it to a girl he likes, she returns it. Later, his father loses his job and the family faces exceptionally difficult hardships, so Christy devises a plan to help his brothers steal coal to their mother's dismay. Christy's mother, who has been gradually gathering some savings in a tin in the fireplace, finally saves enough to buy him a wheelchair.Christy is then introduced to Eileen Cole, who takes him to her school for cerebral palsy patients and persuades a friend of hers to hold an exhibition of his work. Christy falls in love with Cole, but when he learns during the dinner that she is engaged to be married, he considers suicide. His mother helps him build a private studio for himself, but soon afterward his father dies of a stroke, and during the wake Christy instigates a brawl. At this point, Christy starts writing his autobiography, My Left Foot. Cole returns and they resume their friendship.Later, Christy attends a charity event where he meets his handler, a nurse named Mary Carr. She begins reading his autobiography. He asks Mary to go out with him and they then happily leave the fête together.
510	Magnificent Seven, The (1954)	Action, Drama, Western	A gang of bandits led by Calvera periodically raids a poor Mexican village for food and supplies. After the latest raid, during which Calvera kills a villager, the village leaders decide to fight back.They send three villagers carrying their few objects of value to try and barter for weapons. In a town just inside the United States, the villagers find and approach gunslinger Chris Adams. Chris advises that they instead hire gunfighters to defend the village, as "men are cheaper than guns."At first agreeing only to help them recruit, Chris eventually leads the group. Despite the meager pay, Chris finds five willing gunmen. They include Vin Tanner, a gunfighter gone broke from gambling; Chris' friend Harry Luck, who assumes Chris is hiding a much bigger reward for the work; the Irish Mexican Bernardo O'Reilly, who has fallen on hard times; Britt, an expert in both knife and gun who joins purely for the challenge involved; and the dapper, on-the-run gunman Lee, plagued by nightmares of fallen enemies and so haunted that he has lost his nerve for battle. On their way to the village, they are trailed by the hotheaded Chico, an aspiring gunfighter whose previous attempts to join Chris had been spurned. Impressed by his persistence, Chris allows him into the group.Arriving at the village, they work with the villagers to build fortifications and train them in combat. They note the lack of young women in the village until Chico stumbles upon Petra and discovers the women were hidden in fear that the gunmen would rape them. The gunmen begin to bond with the villagers, and Petra pursues Chico. When Bernardo points out that the gunmen are being given the choice food, they share it with the village children.Three of Calvera's men are dispatched to reconnoiter the village; due to a mistake by Chico, the seven are forced to kill all three. Some days later Calvera and his bandits arrive in force. The seven and the villagers kill eleven gang members and run the rest out of town. The villagers celebrate, believing Calvera will not return. However, Chico infiltrates Calvera's camp and learns that Calvera will return, as his men are short of food. Some villagers fear reprisals and call for the gunfighters to leave. Even some of the seven waver, but Chris insists that they stay.The seven ride out for a pre-emptive raid on Calvera's camp but find it abandoned. Returning to the village, they are captured by Calvera and his men, who have colluded with some of the villagers to sneak in and take control. Calvera spares the seven's lives, part believing they have been disillusioned by the betrayal, and part fearing reprisals from their friends across the border.Preparing to depart, Chris and Vin admit they have become emotionally attached to the village. Britt declares that no man will take his gun and see him ride away. Chico insists that he hates the villagers; when Chris points out he grew up as a farmer as well, Chico angrily responds that it is men like Calvera and Chris who made the villagers what they are.The gang escorts the seven gunmen from the village and returns their weapons. The seven debate their next move. All agree to return and fight, except Harry, who believes the effort is futile and suicidal.The gunmen infiltrate the village and a gunfight breaks out. Harry, who has had a change of heart, returns in time to save Chris's life but is himself fatally shot. Harry pleads to know what they were fighting for, and Chris lies about hidden gold to let Harry believe he died for a fortune; Harry smiles before dying. Lee finds the nerve to burst into a house where several villagers are being held, shooting their captors and releasing the prisoners to join the fight, but is gunned down as he leaves the house. Bernardo, shot protecting the boys he befriended, tells them as he dies to see how bravely their fathers fought. Britt dies after killing many bandits and exposing himself from cover. Chris shoots Calvera, who demands to know why he came back for the village. The remaining bandits flee.Chris,Vin, and Chico bid farewell to the village elder. The elder tells them that only the villagers have won, whereas the gunslingers are "like the wind, blowing over the land and passing on." As they pause for one last glance back at the village, Chico decides to stay with Petra. As they pass the graves of their fallen comrades, Chris admits the elder was right.
511	Lawrence of Arabia (1962)	Adventure, War	T. E. Lawrence dies in a motorcycle accident in 1935. At a memorial service at St Paul's Cathedral, it becomes clear that several influential Britons dislike him. During the First World War, Lawrence is a misfit lieutenant in the British Army, notable for his effrontery and education. Mr. Dryden of the Arab Bureau sends him to meet with Colonel Harry Brighton, who advises Prince Feisal in his revolt against the Turks. Lawrence is outraged when his guide is killed by Sherif Ali ibn el Kharish for drinking from the latter's well. Lawrence accuses Ali of being a barbarian and is dismayed to learn that the latter is Feisal's advisor.Relations between the United Kingdom and the Arabs are tense. While Britain will supply guns to the Arabs, it will not provide artillery, which would make Feisal an independent force. Brighton asks Feisal to fall back and help the British defend the Suez Canal. Lawrence violates Brighton's orders by encouraging Feisal to attack. Feisal is impressed by Lawrence's familiarity with the Quran and his honesty about British interests in Arabia.Lawrence convinces Feisal to launch a surprise attack on the port of Aqaba to improve his supply lines. Ali protests, as Aqaba is protected from land attacks by the harsh Nefud Desert and the local Turkish enforcer, Howeitat tribal leader Auda Abu Tayi. Feisal gives Lawrence just fifty men. Lawrence hires teenage orphans Daud and Farraj as his attendants.During the march to Aqaba, Lawrence wins over Feisal's men by turning back into the desert to rescue Gasim. The grateful Arabs give Lawrence traditional clothing. Lawrence convinces Auda to switch sides by promising him a Turkish gold hoard at Aqaba. Lawrence is shaken when he must execute Gasim to prevent a conflict.Lawrence and Auda capture Aqaba, but there is no gold. To placate Auda, Lawrence agrees to ask his superiors in Cairo for more money. Daud is drowned by quicksand along the way.In Cairo, Lawrence perplexes the British officers with his Arab clothes and his insistence that Farraj be treated with the same respect as a British officer. General Edmund Allenby promotes him to major and agrees to back the Arabs with arms and money. Before returning to his desert forces, Lawrence asks Allenby whether the Arabs are correct that the British seek to dominate Arabia and demands artillery for Feisal's army. Allenby lies to him on both counts. Lawrence launches a guerrilla war against the Turks. The American media romanticise Lawrence's exploits and make him famous, as American journalist Jackson Bentley is looking to highlight the "more adventurous aspects" of war to help draw the United States into the fight. Ali urges Lawrence to slow down, but Lawrence ignores him. Farraj is injured on one raid, and Lawrence kills him to save him from the Turks, who torture their captives.The Turks capture Lawrence while he scouts Deraa. The Turkish Bey orders him stripped, ogled, prodded and beaten—and, it is implied, raped. Ali rescues him and nurses him back to health. The experience leaves Lawrence shaken and humbled. Dryden informs Lawrence about the Sykes–Picot Agreement, which will partition the Middle East between Britain and France. Allenby urges Lawrence to return to Arabia to support the "big push" on Damascus. Lawrence feels betrayed but complies. He recruits an army with little interest in Arab liberation. Lawrence hopes that if the Arabs can take Damascus before the British, they will be able to demand an independent Arab state.Lawrence's army sights a column of retreating Turkish soldiers who have just massacred the residents of Tafas. One of Lawrence's men is from Tafas and demands no prisoners. Ali insists on proceeding to Damascus, but the man charges alone and is killed. Lawrence takes up his battle cry, and the Arabs massacre the Turks. The Arabs beat the British to Damascus. Lawrence advises them to run the city without British support, but the tribesmen bicker constantly, the public utilities fail, and the understaffed hospitals barely function. Feisal discards Lawrence's dream of Arab independence in exchange for British support.Lawrence returns to the British Army. The British promote Lawrence to colonel and order him to Britain. As he leaves Damascus, he looks longingly at the departing Arabs before his car is passed by a motorcyclist.
512	Wings of Desire (1987)	Comedy, Drama, Romance	In a Berlin divided by the Berlin Wall, two angels, Damiel and Cassiel, watch the city, unseen and unheard by its human inhabitants. They observe and listen to the thoughts of Berliners, including a pregnant woman in an ambulance on the way to the hospital, a young prostitute standing by a busy road, and a broken man who feels betrayed by his wife. Their raison d'être is, as Cassiel says, to "assemble, testify, preserve" reality. Damiel and Cassiel have always existed as angels; they were in Berlin before it was a city, and before there were any humans.Among the Berliners they encounter in their wanderings is an old man named Homer, who dreams of an "epic of peace". Cassiel follows the old man as he looks for the then-demolished Potsdamer Platz in an open field, and finds only the graffiti-covered Wall. Although Damiel and Cassiel are pure observers, visible only to children, and incapable of any interaction with the physical world, Damiel begins to fall in love with a profoundly lonely circus trapeze artist named Marion. She lives by herself in a caravan in West Berlin, until she receives the news that her group, the Circus Alekan, will be closing down. Depressed, she dances alone to a concert by Crime & the City Solution, and drifts through the city.Meanwhile, actor Peter Falk arrives in West Berlin to make a film about the city's Nazi past. Falk was once an angel, but, having grown tired of always observing and never experiencing, renounced his immortality to become a participant in the world. Also growing weary of infinity, Damiel's longing is for the genuineness and limits of human existence. He meets Marion in a dream, and is surprised when Falk senses his presence and tells him about the pleasures of human life.Damiel is finally persuaded to shed his immortality. He experiences life for the first time: he bleeds, sees colours, tastes food and drinks coffee. Meanwhile, Cassiel taps into the mind of a young man just about to take his own life by jumping off a building. Cassiel tries to save the young man but is unable to do so, and is left tormented by the experience. Sensing Cassiel's presence, Falk reaches out to him as he had to Damiel, but Cassiel is unwilling to follow their example. Eventually, Damiel meets the trapeze artist Marion at a bar during a concert by Nick Cave, and she greets him and speaks about finally finding a love that is serious and can make her feel complete. The next day, Damiel considers how his time with Marion taught him to feel amazed, and how he has gained knowledge no angel is capable of achieving.
513	Third Man, The (1949)	Mystery, Thriller	Holly Martins, an American author of Western pulp novels, arrives in the British sector of Allied-occupied Vienna seeking Harry Lime, a childhood friend who has offered him a job. However, Martins is told that Lime was killed by a car while crossing the street. At Lime's funeral, Martins meets two Royal Military Police officers, part of the ICPO: Sergeant Paine, a fan of Martins' novels, and Major Calloway. Afterward, Martins is asked to lecture at a book club a few days later. He then meets a friend of Lime's, "Baron" Kurtz, who tells Martins that he and another friend, Popescu, carried Lime to the side of the street after the accident, and that, before he died, Lime asked them to take care of Martins and Lime's girlfriend, actress Anna Schmidt.As Martins and Anna query Lime's death, they realise that accounts differ as to whether Lime was able to speak before his death, and how many men carried away the body. The porter at Lime's apartment tells them that he saw a third man helping. He offers to give Martins more information but is murdered before they can speak again; Martins and Anna flee the scene after a mob begins to suspect him of the murder. When Martins confronts Major Calloway and demands that Lime's death be investigated, Calloway reveals that Lime was stealing penicillin from military hospitals, diluting it, and then selling it on the black market, injuring or killing countless people. Martins agrees to drop his investigation and leave.An inebriated Martins visits Anna and confesses his feelings for her. A man crosses the street towards her front door, but moves away after seeing Martins at the window. After leaving, Martins walks the streets until he notices Anna's cat and realises someone is watching from a darkened doorway. In a momentary flash of light, Martins sees that the man is Lime. Martins calls out, but Lime flees and vanishes. Martins summons Calloway, who realises that Lime has escaped through the city's sewers to the Soviet sector. The British police exhume Lime's coffin and discover that the body is that of a hospital orderly who had been assisting him. Anna, who is Czech, is to be sent to the Soviet sector after the British police discover that she has a forged Austrian passport, and is questioned again by Calloway.Martins goes to Kurtz and asks to see Lime. Lime and Martins meet and talk as they ride the Wiener Riesenrad. Lime speaks cynically of the insignificance of his victims' lives and the personal gains to be earned from the city's chaos and deprivation. Martins realises that Lime sold Anna out to the Soviet authorities for his own benefit. Lime obliquely threatens Martins as now the only 'proof' that Lime is alive. Lime then offers Martins a chance to join in on his scheme before leaving quickly. Calloway asks Martins to help arrest Lime; he agrees provided that Calloway will arrange for Anna to leave Vienna rather than be handed over to the Soviets. The British authorities arrange for Anna to take a train to Paris, but she spots Martins, who has come to observe her departure, at the station. After persuading Martins to reveal the plan to capture Lime, she leaves in order to warn him. Exasperated, Martins decides to leave Vienna; on the way to the airport, Calloway stops at a hospital to show Martins children dying of meningitis who were treated with Lime's diluted penicillin, which convinces him to stay and assist in capturing Lime.Lime arrives at a café in the international zone to meet Martins, but Anna is able to warn him that the police are closing in. He flees into the sewer, with the police following him underground. Lime shoots and kills Sgt Paine, but Calloway shoots and badly wounds Lime. Lime drags himself up a cast-iron stairway to a street grating but cannot lift it. Martins, armed with Paine's gun, runs after Lime finding him beneath the grating where they stare at each other. Calloway, realising Martins has chased Lime, shouts that Martins must not take any chances and shoot on sight. Lime nods his head slightly at Martins. Calloway follows down the tunnel as a single shot is heard.Martins attends Lime's second funeral at the risk of missing his flight out of Vienna. He waits on the road to the cemetery to speak with Anna, but she walks past without glancing in his direction.
514	Annie Hall (1977)	Comedy, Romance	Comedian Alvy Singer is trying to understand why his relationship with Annie Hall ended a year earlier. Growing up in Brooklyn, he vexed his mother with impossible questions about the emptiness of existence, and was precocious about his innocent sexual curiosity, suddenly kissing a classmate at six years old and not understanding why she was not keen to reciprocate.Annie and Alvy, waiting in a movie theater line to see The Sorrow and the Pity, overhear another man deriding the work of Federico Fellini and referencing Marshall McLuhan. Alvy imagines McLuhan himself stepping in at his invitation to criticize the man's comprehension of his work. That night, Annie shows no interest in sex with Alvy. Instead, they discuss his first wife, whom he devalued because of her interest in him. His second marriage was to a New York writer who did not share his enthusiasm for sports and was unable to reach orgasm.With Annie, it is different. The two of them have fun cooking a meal of boiled lobster together. He teases her about the unusual men in her past. They had met playing tennis doubles with friends. Following the game, awkward small talk leads her to offer him a ride uptown, and then a glass of wine on her balcony. There, what seemed a mild exchange of trivial personal data is revealed in "mental subtitles" as an escalating flirtation. Their first date follows Annie's singing audition for a nightclub ("It Had to Be You"). After having sex that night, Alvy is "a wreck", while Annie relaxes with a joint.Soon, Annie admits she loves Alvy, while he buys her books on death and says that his feelings for her are more than just love. When Annie moves in with him, things become very tense. Eventually, Alvy finds her arm-in-arm with one of her adult-education professors, and the two begin to argue about whether this is the "flexibility" they had discussed. They eventually break up, and he searches for the truth of relationships, asking strangers on the street about the nature of love, questioning his formative years, and imagining a cartoon version of himself arguing with a cartoon Annie portrayed as the Evil Queen in Snow White.Alvy attempts a return to dating, but the effort is marred by neurosis and an underwhelming sexual encounter that is interrupted when Annie calls in the middle of the night, urging him to come over immediately to kill a spider in her bathroom. A reconciliation follows, coupled with a vow to stay together, come what may. However, their separate discussions with their therapists make it evident there is an unspoken and unbridgeable divide. When Alvy accepts an offer to present an award on television, they travel to Los Angeles with Alvy's friend Rob. However, on the return trip, they agree that their relationship is not working. After losing Annie to her record producer Tony Lacey, Alvy unsuccessfully tries to rekindle the flame with a marriage proposal. Back in New York, he stages a play of their relationship, but he changes the ending: now she accepts.The last meeting between Annie and Alvy takes place on Manhattan's Upper West Side after they have both moved on to someone new. Alvy's voice returns with the summation that though relationships are irrational, crazy, and absurd, we just need to have them. Annie sings "Seems Like Old Times".
515	Boot, Das (1981)	Action, Drama, War	Lieutenant Werner, a war correspondent on the German submarine U-96 in October 1941, is driven by his captain and chief engineer to a French bordello, where he meets some of the crew. Thomsen, another captain, gives a drunken speech to celebrate his Ritterkreuz award and mocks Adolf Hitler.The next morning, U-96 sails out of the harbour of La Rochelle, and Werner is given a tour of the boat. He observes ideological differences between the new crew members and the hardened veterans, particularly the captain, who is cynical about the war. The new men, including Werner, are mocked by the rest, who share a tight bond. The first watch officer is particularly disliked due to his pro-Nazi beliefs and meticulous grooming habits, which tie up the only bathroom. After days of boredom, the crew is excited by another U-boat's spotting of an enemy convoy, but they are soon spotted by a British destroyer and attacked with depth charges. They escape with light damage.The next three weeks are spent enduring relentless North Atlantic gales.  Morale drops after various misfortunes, but the crew is cheered by a chance encounter with Thomsen's boat. After the storm ends, the boat encounters an Allied convoy and launches three torpedoes, sinking two ships. The convoy's escorts counterattack, and they are forced to dive below test depth, the submarine's rated limit. As depth charges explode around them, the chief machinist, Johann, has a panic attack and has to be restrained. The boat sustains heavy damage but manages to surface when night falls. A British tanker they torpedoed is still afloat and on fire, so they torpedo it again, only to learn that sailors are still aboard. The crew watches as the sailors leap overboard and swim towards them. Neither able nor willing to accommodate prisoners, the captain orders the boat to back away.The exhausted crew looks forward to returning home to La Rochelle for Christmas, but the boat is ordered to La Spezia, Italy, which means passing through the Strait of Gibraltar—an area defended by the Royal Navy. The U-boat makes a secret night rendezvous at the harbour of Vigo, in neutral but Axis-friendly Spain, with the SS Weser, an interned German merchant ship that clandestinely provides U-boats with fuel, torpedoes, and other supplies. The filthy submariners appear at the opulent dinner prepared for them and are warmly greeted by the ship's clean-cut officers. The captain learns from an envoy of the German consulate that his request for Werner and the chief engineer to be sent back to Germany has been denied.The crew finishes resupplying and depart for Italy. As they approach the Strait of Gibraltar and are about to dive, they are attacked and badly damaged by a British fighter plane, wounding the navigator, Kriechbaum. The captain orders the boat south towards the North African coast at full speed, determined to save his crew even if he loses the boat. British warships begin shelling, and they are forced to dive. When attempting to level off, the boat does not respond and continues to sink until, just prior to exceeding its crush depth, it lands on a sea shelf at a depth of 280 metres. The crew works to make repairs before running out of oxygen. After over 16 hours, they manage to surface by blowing their ballast tanks, and limp back towards La Rochelle under cover of darkness.The crew reach La Rochelle on Christmas Eve. After Kriechbaum is taken ashore to an ambulance, Royal Air Force planes bomb and strafe the facilities. Ullmann, Johann, the second watch officer, and the Bibelforscher are killed; Frenssen, Bootsmann Lamprecht, and Hinrich are wounded. After the raid, Werner leaves the U-boat bunker in which he had taken shelter, and finds the captain badly injured by shrapnel, watching his U-boat sink. After the boat disappears, the captain collapses and dies. Werner rushes to his body and surveys the scene with tears in his eyes.
516	Local Hero (1983)	Comedy	"Mac" MacIntyre is an aspiring executive working for Knox Oil and Gas in Houston, Texas. Felix Happer, the company's eccentric owner, chooses Mac because of his Scottish sounding surname to acquire Ferness, a village in the Scottish Highlands, to make way for a refinery. Mac, actually of Hungarian extraction, is apprehensive about the assignment, complaining to a co-worker that he would rather handle business over the phone and via telex. Happer, an avid amateur astronomer, tells Mac to watch the sky and to notify him immediately if he sees anything unusual. Arriving in Scotland, Mac teams up with local Knox representative Danny Oldsen. When they visit a Knox research facility in Aberdeen, Dr Geddes explains the plan to replace Ferness with the refinery. They also meet marine researcher Marina. Mac spends several days in Ferness, gradually adapting to the slower-paced life and getting to know the residents, most notably hotel owner and accountant Gordon Urquhart and his wife Stella. Mac becomes more and more conflicted as he presses to close the deal that will demolish the village he has come to love. The villagers, however, are tired of their hard life and are more than eager to sell, though they feign indifference to induce a larger offer. Mac receives encouragement from an unlikely source: Victor, a capitalistic Soviet fishing boat captain who periodically visits his friends in Ferness and checks on his investment portfolio, managed by Gordon. Meanwhile, Danny befriends Marina, who is under the impression that the company is planning to build a research centre at Ferness. During a date, he discovers that Marina, who seems more at home in the water than on land, has webbed toes. While watching some grey seals, Danny mentions that sailors used to believe they were mermaids. Marina tells him the sailors were wrong.Meanwhile, in the United States of America, Happer grows gradually disillusioned with his therapist, whose “treatment” involves showering Happer with a continuous torrent of verbal abuse. The therapist continues to obsessively harass and verbally abuse Happer, at first over the phone, eventually climbing up several storeys to reach Happer’s office where he attempts to plaster the words “Happer, you’re a motherfucker” onto the window, whereupon Happer tells his secretary to call the police, and tell them to shoot the therapist off the window of the building. He then prepares to leave for Scotland.As the deal nears completion, Gordon discovers that Ben Knox, an old beachcomber who lives in a driftwood shack on the shore, owns the beach through a grant from the Lord of the Isles to his ancestor. MacIntyre tries everything to entice Ben to sell, even offering enough money to buy any other beach in the world, but the owner is content with what he has. Ben picks up some sand and offers to sell for the same number of pound notes as he has grains of sand in his hand. A suspicious MacIntyre declines, only to be told there could not have been more than ten thousand grains.Happer finally arrives on site, just in time to unknowingly forestall a potential confrontation between some of the villagers and Ben. When Mac informs him of the snag in the proceedings, he decides to negotiate personally with Ben and, in the process, discovers a kindred spirit. Happer opts to relocate the refinery offshore and set up an astronomical observatory instead. He sends MacIntyre home to implement the changes. Danny brings up Marina's dream of an oceanographic research facility and suggests combining the two into the "Happer Institute", an idea that Happer likes. A sombre MacIntyre returns to his apartment in Houston. He pulls from his pocket pebbles and shells and spreads them out on the work surface. The local phone box in Ferness starts ringing.
517	Manhattan (1979)	Comedy, Drama, Romance	The film opens with a montage of images of Manhattan and other parts of New York City accompanied by George Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue, with Isaac Davis narrating drafts of an introduction to a book about a man who loves the city. Isaac is a twice-divorced, 42-year-old television comedy writer who quits his boring job. He is dating Tracy, a 17-year-old girl attending the Dalton School. His best friend, college professor Yale Pollack, married to Emily, is having an affair with Mary Wilkie. Mary's ex-husband and former teacher, Jeremiah, also appears, and Isaac's ex-wife Jill is writing a confessional book about their marriage. Jill, who before their marriage told Isaac that she was bisexual, has since come out and lives with her lesbian partner, Connie.When Isaac meets Mary, her cultural snobbery offends him. Isaac runs into her again at an Equal Rights Amendment fund-raising event at the Museum of Modern Art hosted by Bella Abzug and escorts her home. They chat until sunrise in a sequence that culminates in a shot of the Queensboro Bridge. In spite of a growing attraction to Mary, Isaac continues his relationship with Tracy but emphasizes that theirs cannot be a serious relationship and encourages her to go to London to study acting.After Yale breaks up with Mary, he suggests that Isaac ask her out. Isaac does, always having felt that Tracy was too young for him. Isaac breaks up with Tracy, much to her distress, and before long, Mary has virtually moved into his apartment. Emily is curious about Isaac's new girlfriend. The two couples enjoy a day out and upon walking down a street Isaac spots Jill's new book, Marriage, Divorce, and Selfhood. Emily proceeds to read parts of the book aloud, including passages about a ménage à trois Isaac had with Jill and another woman, and an incident where Isaac attempted to run Connie over, much to Mary and Yale's amusement. Publicly humiliated, Isaac confronts Jill, who responds nonchalantly and mentions a film rights deal she has acquired. Upon returning home, Isaac learns from Mary that she is returning to Yale and wants to break up. A furious Isaac confronts Yale at the college where he teaches, and Yale argues that he found Mary first. Isaac discusses Yale's extramarital affairs with Emily and learns that Yale told her Isaac introduced Mary to him.In the dénouement, Isaac lies on his sofa, musing into a tape recorder about the things that make "life worth living". When he finds himself saying "Tracy's face", he sets down the microphone. Unable to reach her by phone, he sets out for Tracy's on foot. He arrives at her family's apartment building just as she is leaving for London. He asks her not to go and says he does not want "that thing about [her] that [he] like[s]" to change. She replies that the plans have already been made and reassures him that "not everybody gets corrupted" before saying "you have to have a little faith in people". He gives her a slight smile, with a final look to the camera then segueing into final shots of the skyline with some bars of Rhapsody in Blue playing again. An instrumental version of "Embraceable You" plays over the credits.
518	Miller's Crossing (1990)	Drama	In 1929, Tom Reagan is the right-hand man for Irish mobster Leo O'Bannon, a political boss who runs an unnamed U.S. city during Prohibition. Leo sets off a mob war when he extends protection to his girlfriend Verna's brother, a bookie named Bernie Bernbaum, who is skimming off the match fixing scheme of Leo's rival, the Italian gangster Johnny Caspar. The situation is further complicated by the fact that behind Leo's back, Verna is also sleeping with Tom.Despite his own relationship with Verna, Tom presses Leo to give up her brother to Caspar. When the war heats up, with an assassination attempt on Leo, Tom tries to persuade Leo that he is foolish to protect Bernie on Verna's behalf, making the point by revealing his affair with her. Leo publicly beats Tom and cuts ties with both him and Verna.Cast out and needing work, Tom turns to Caspar. As a loyalty test, Caspar commands Tom to kill Bernie, an awkward request given Tom's relationship with Bernie's sister. With Caspar's henchmen in tow, Tom leads Bernie to his execution in the woods at a spot called Miller's Crossing. Bernie grovels for his life and desperately begs Tom not to kill him. Tom fakes the killing by firing his gun into the ground and orders Bernie to leave town. Caspar's henchmen, who are within earshot but cannot see the two men, are fooled and neglect to check for the body before leaving with Tom.With Leo weakened, Caspar takes his place as city boss, controlling the police and using them to destroy Leo's operations.Within Caspar's gang, there is tension between Tom and Caspar's trusted enforcer, the brutal Eddie Dane ("the Dane"). Upon learning that his men did not actually see Tom kill Bernie, the Dane takes Tom back to Miller's Crossing to verify that Bernie's body is there. Tom expects to find no corpse and to be executed for it, but instead the group finds a decomposing body that had been shot in the face and disfigured beyond recognition by birds. The Dane and his men assume the body is that of Bernie, but it is actually that of the Dane's lover Mink, whom Bernie had secretly killed and placed as a decoy where his own body should have been. Tom is now vulnerable if the Dane or Caspar discovers the identity of the body, a fact that Bernie uses in an attempt to blackmail Tom into killing Caspar.With Bernie supposedly dead, someone continues to cut into Caspar's match fix, and Tom and the Dane each try to convince Caspar that the other is behind it. Tom uses Mink's sudden disappearance to sow suspicion about the Dane by insinuating that Mink has gone into hiding after he and the Dane betrayed Caspar. Caspar must decide between Tom and the Dane, a dilemma he resolves by shooting the Dane in the head as Tom looks on.Tom then thins out his rivals by engineering a surprise meeting between Bernie and Caspar, knowing that the first one to be seen by the other is likely to be killed. Shortly after the arranged time, Tom arrives to discover that Bernie has killed Caspar. Tom tricks Bernie into surrendering his gun and declares his intent to kill him in retribution for his blackmail. Bernie again begs for mercy, but Tom rejects his plea and shoots him dead.With Caspar and the Dane dead, Leo resumes his post as the only boss in town. At Bernie's burial, Verna, now back in Leo's good graces, reacts coldly to Tom and walks back to her car. Leo notifies Tom that Verna has proposed to marry him. He offers Tom his job back but Tom turns him down and stays behind, watching Leo as he walks away.
519	Treasure of the Sierra Madre, The (1948)	Adventure	In 1925, in the Mexican town of Tampico, American drifters Fred C. Dobbs and Bob Curtin are hired by a contractor, Pat McCormick, to work on oil rigs for $8 a day. After the job is completed, McCormick disappears without paying them. Penniless, Dobbs and Curtin encounter an elderly prospector named Howard in a flophouse, who tells them about gold mining and its dangers. Soon after, Dobbs wins a small lottery prize, and the three pool their funds to begin prospecting in the remote Sierra Madre Occidental.After fending off a bandit attack during their journey, the trio arrives at a promising site where Howard identifies gold. They begin mining and accumulate a substantial fortune, but growing distrust sets in—particularly from Dobbs, who becomes increasingly paranoid and suspicious of his partners.During a supply trip, Curtin is followed back to camp by a stranger named Cody, who proposes joining their operation. The three initially consider killing him, but before they act, a gang of bandits led by Gold Hat arrives. In the ensuing gunfight, Cody is killed. Afterward, the group discovers a letter from Cody's wife, revealing his personal struggles. Howard and Curtin agree to send her a portion of their earnings, though Dobbs refuses.Later, Howard is summoned to a nearby village to aid a sick child. When the boy recovers, the villagers insist he remain with them as an honored guest. While he is away, tensions between Dobbs and Curtin escalate until Dobbs attempts to murder Curtin and flee with all the gold. Curtin survives and is rescued by the villagers.Dobbs is later killed at a waterhole by Gold Hat's gang, who unknowingly discard the gold dust, mistaking it for sand. The wind scatters the treasure. The bandits are captured and executed after being identified while trying to sell the stolen burros.Howard and Curtin reunite in Durango only to discover that the gold has been lost. After initially reacting with shock, they share a moment of ironic laughter. Howard decides to stay with the villagers, while Curtin returns to the United States with plans to find Cody’s widow.
520	Great Escape, The (1963)	Adventure, War	During World War II, Allied POWs who have repeatedly escaped from camps in Germany are moved to a new camp under the command of Luftwaffe Colonel von Luger. He warns the senior prisoner, Group Captain Ramsey, that escapees will be shot. Several POWs unsuccessfully attempt to escape on the first day. Hilts, a notoriously prolific American escapee, finds a blind spot at the fence and gives himself up to the guards without revealing the discovery to them. He is placed in a cell next to Ives in "the cooler", and the two become friends.Squadron Leader Roger Bartlett re-establishes the escape-planning committee from their former camp, and proposes breaking out 250 men to divert Germans away from the front. The POWs work on three tunnels: "Tom", "Dick", and "Harry".Preparations are widespread and elaborate. Welinski and Dickes lead the digging, Sedgwick makes equipment such as picks and air bellows, Ashley-Pitt conceals the excavated dirt in plain sight, while Cavendish surveys the tunnels’ routes and leads a choir to mask the sounds of any escape-related activities. MacDonald gathers intelligence, Griffith sews civilian disguises, Blythe forges documents, and Hendley secures supplies on the black market. Aware that Hilts is planning his own escape, Bartlett asks him to allow himself to be recaptured so he can draw maps of the surrounding area but Hilts refuses.When "Tom" nears completion, Bartlett orders "Dick" and "Harry" sealed off. Meanwhile, Hilts, Hendley, and Goff brew potato moonshine and celebrate the Fourth of July with the camp. However, the guards find "Tom" during the celebration. Ives snaps, climbs the fence, and is shot dead. Hilts, shaken, agrees to Bartlett's proposal, and Bartlett orders "Harry" reopened.Welinski's claustrophobia is triggered after a tunnel collapse. Bartlett objects to Blythe's participation on discovering his progressive myopia but Hendley offers to guide him. On the night of the escape, "Harry" is dug to the surface but the exit has come up 20 feet (6.1 m) short of the woods, increasing the danger of detection. The escape is aided by a fortuitous air raid blackout. Dozens flee before Cavendish slips and Griffith rushes, alerting the guards.In all 76 escapees make it through the tunnel. Welinski and Dickes steal a boat and board a ship for Sweden, while Sedgwick heads to France, where the Resistance smuggles him to Spain. The rest are captured: Cavendish is betrayed by a truck driver. Hendley and Blythe crash a stolen plane short of Switzerland when the engine fails; Blythe is shot and Hendley is recaptured. Hilts rides a stolen motorcycle for the Swiss border with soldiers in pursuit who capture him when he fails to jump the cycle over the frontier fence. Ashley-Pitt sacrifices himself when he kills a Gestapo officer before he can identify Bartlett. However, Bartlett and MacDonald are still arrested after another Gestapo officer tricks MacDonald into speaking English while boarding a bus.Fifty of the escapees, including Bartlett, MacDonald, and Cavendish, are executed. Ramsey informs the returning survivors of the murders, and says that Bartlett's plan to create havoc was a success. Hendley questions whether it was worth the price. Von Luger, ashamed of the murders, is relieved of command. Hilts is returned to the cooler and resumes his solo game of catch.
521	Deer Hunter, The (1978)	Drama, War	In 1968, three friends in a tight-knit Slavic-American community in Western Pennsylvania—Mike Vronsky, Steven Pushkov and Nikanor "Nick" Chevotarevich—work in a steel mill and hunt deer with their co-workers Stanley ("Stan") and Peter "Axel" Axelrod, along with friend and bartender John Welsh. Mike, Steven and Nick are preparing to leave for military service in Vietnam. Steven is engaged to Angela Ludhjduravic, who was secretly impregnated by another man. Mike and Nick are close friends who live together and both love Linda, who will be moving into their home to escape from her alcoholic father. After catching the bouquet at Steven and Angela's wedding, Linda accepts Nick's spontaneous marriage proposal. Nick implores Mike to promise that he return from Vietnam. Mike, Nick and their friends go on a final hunting trip where Mike kills a deer with a single shot.In 1969, in Vietnam, Mike, now a Green Beret, coincidentally crosses paths with Nick and Steven, who land in a village during an air assault mission. The three are soon imprisoned by the Viet Cong in a cage along a river and forced to participate in games of Russian roulette while the jailers wager. Steven fires his round into the ceiling and is forced into a cage with rats and previous victims of the jailers. To escape, Mike convinces their captors to increase the stakes by loading three bullets into the revolver rather than the standard one. When the next two chambers luckily fall on empty, Mike and Nick turn the gun on their captors, killing two and overpowering the others. Although Nick is wounded in the leg, they rescue Steven and escape.The trio floats down the river on a felled tree trunk, but Nick and Steven are weak from their wounds.  They are found by an American helicopter. Nick boards and is rescued, but Steven falls back into the river while trying to hold onto the helicopter skids, and Mike drops down to help him. Steven breaks both of his legs on the river’s rock bottom, so Mike carries him until they join refugees and a South Vietnamese Army convoy fleeing to Saigon.Nick is treated at a U.S. military hospital. When released, now suffering from PTSD, Nick wanders into a gambling den. French businessman Julien Grinda persuades him to come inside. Upset, Nick interrupts a game of Russian roulette, pulling the trigger on himself. Mike happens to be present as a spectator, but Nick and Julien hurriedly leave before the two can reunite.Mike returns home but cannot integrate into civilian life. He avoids a welcome-home party, opting to stay alone in a hotel. He visits Linda and learns that Nick has deserted. He also visits Angela, who is now a mother, but has slipped into near catatonia following the return of Steven, who has had both of his legs and one arm amputated. Stan, Axel and John understand nothing of war nor what Mike has experienced. Linda and Mike find comfort in each other's company. During a hunting trip, Mike stops himself from shooting a deer and returns to the cabin, where he finds Stan cavalierly threatening Axel with his pistol. Mike takes it, inserts a single round, and triggers an empty chamber at Stan's head.Mike visits Steven at a veterans' hospital. Steven refuses to come home, saying that he no longer fits in. He shows Mike that he has been regularly receiving large sums of cash from Vietnam. Mike realises that Nick is the source of these payments, and insists on bringing Steven home to Angela.Mike returns to Vietnam in search of Nick. Wandering around Saigon, which is now in a state of chaos shortly before its fall, Mike finds Julien and persuades him to take him to the gambling den, where he faces Nick, who has become a professional in the macabre game and fails to recognize Mike, in part due to Nick's drug addiction. Mike attempts to bring Nick back to reason by invoking memories of their hunting trips, but Nick maintains his unspirited apathy, even spitting in Mike's face. Finally, during the Russian roulette match between Mike and Nick, Nick recalls Mike's "one shot" mantra and smiles before pulling the trigger, killing himself.Mike and his friends attend Nick's funeral, and the atmosphere at their local bar is dim and silent. Moved by emotion, John begins to sing "God Bless America" in honor of Nick, and all join in.
522	Down by Law (1986)	Comedy, Drama	Down by Law (Italian: Daunbailò) is a 1986 American independent neo-beat noir comedy film. It was written and directed by Jim Jarmusch, and stars Tom Waits, John Lurie, and Roberto Benigni (in his first American film role). The film centers on the arrest, incarceration, and escape from jail of three men. It discards jailbreak film conventions by focusing on the interaction between the convicts rather than on the mechanics of the escape. A key element in the film is Robby Müller's slow-moving camerawork, which captures the architecture of New Orleans and the Louisiana bayou to which the cellmates escape.
523	Cool Hand Luke (1967)	Comedy, Drama	In early 1950s Florida, decorated World War II veteran Lucas "Luke" Jackson drunkenly beheads several parking meters. He is sentenced to two years on a chain gang in a prison camp run by the Captain, a stern warden, and Walking Boss Godfrey, a quiet rifleman nicknamed "the man with no eyes" because he always wears mirrored sunglasses. There, even minor violations are punished by "a night in the box", a small wooden booth in the prison yard with limited air and space.Luke refuses to observe the established order among the prisoners and quickly runs afoul of their leader, Dragline. When the two have a boxing match, Luke is severely outmatched but refuses to acquiesce. Eventually, Dragline stops the fight, but Luke's tenacity earns the prisoners' respect and draws the guards' attention. He later wins a poker game by bluffing with a hand worth nothing, and Dragline christens him "Cool Hand Luke".After a visit from his sick mother, Arletta, Luke becomes more optimistic about his situation. He repeatedly shows defiance to the Captain and the guards, and his sense of humor and independence prove inspiring to the other prisoners. Luke's struggle for supremacy peaks when he leads a work crew in a seemingly impossible but successful effort to complete a road-paving job in less than a day. The prisoners start to idolize him after he wins a bet that he can eat 50 hard-boiled eggs in an hour.One evening, Luke receives notice that his mother has died. Anticipating that Luke might attempt to escape to attend the funeral, the Captain has him locked in the box. After being released, Luke becomes determined to escape. Under cover of a Fourth of July celebration, he makes his initial escape attempt. He is recaptured by local police and returned to the chain gang. The Captain has Luke fitted with leg irons and delivers a warning speech to the inmates.Shortly afterward, Luke escapes a second time. While free, Luke mails the prison a magazine that includes a photograph of himself with two beautiful women. He is soon recaptured, beaten, returned to the prison camp, and fitted with two sets of leg irons. The Captain warns Luke that he will be killed if he ever attempts to escape again. Luke becomes annoyed by the other prisoners fawning over the magazine photo and says he faked it. At first, the other prisoners are angry, but when Luke returns after a long stay in the box and is punished by being forced to eat a massive serving of rice, the others help him finish it.For his escape, the guards brutalize Luke to the point of exhaustion, particularly when he is forced to repeatedly dig and refill a grave-sized hole in the prison yard. He eventually breaks down and begs for mercy, losing the respect of his fellow inmates. Luke seems to succumb to cowardice and become an errand boy for the guards, but when an opportunity presents itself, he flees again by stealing a truck, with Dragline joining him. After abandoning the truck, the pair agree to separate. Luke enters a church and talks to God, whom he blames for sabotaging him so he cannot win in life. Police cars appear moments later, and Dragline arrives to tell him that he will not be hurt if he surrenders peacefully. Instead, Luke mockingly repeats the Captain's warning speech at the police. Godfrey shoots him in the neck. Dragline carries Luke outside and surrenders, but charges at Godfrey and strangles him until he is subdued by the guards.While Luke is loaded into the Captain's car, Dragline tearfully implores him to live. Despite protests from local police, the Captain decides to take Luke to the distant prison infirmary instead of the local hospital to ensure Luke will not survive the trip. As the car drives away, a semi-conscious Luke weakly smiles while the tires crush Godfrey's sunglasses, implying that Luke will die of his injuries.Some time later, the prison crew works near a rural intersection close to where Luke was shot, with Dragline now wearing leg irons and a new Walking Boss supervising.  Dragline and the other prisoners fondly reminisce about Luke.
524	Great Dictator, The (1940)	Comedy	On the Western Front in 1918, a Jewish soldier fighting for the Central Powers nation of Tomainia valiantly saves the life of a wounded pilot, Commander Schultz, who carries valuable documents that could secure a Tomainian victory. However, after running out of fuel, their plane crashes into a tree and the soldier subsequently suffers memory loss. Upon being rescued, Schultz is informed that Tomainia has officially surrendered to the Allied Forces, while the Jewish soldier is carried off to a hospital.Twenty years later, still suffering from amnesia, the Jewish soldier returns to his previous profession as a barber in a ghetto. The ghetto is now governed by Schultz who has been promoted in the Tomainian regime, now transformed into a dictatorship under the ruthless Adenoid Hynkel. The barber falls in love with a neighbor, Hannah, and together they try to resist persecution by military forces. The stormtroopers capture the barber and are about to kill him, but Schultz recognizes him and restrains them. By recognizing him, and reminding him of World War I, Schultz helps the barber regain his memory.Meanwhile, Hynkel tries to finance his ever-growing military forces by borrowing money from a Jewish banker called Hermann Epstein, leading to a temporary ease on the restrictions on the ghetto. However, ultimately the banker refuses to lend him the money. Furious, Hynkel orders a purge of the Jews. Schultz protests against this inhumane policy and is sent to a concentration camp. He escapes and hides in the ghetto with the barber. Schultz tries to persuade the Jewish family to assassinate Hynkel in a suicide attack, but they are dissuaded by Hannah. Troops search the ghetto, arrest Schultz and the barber, and send both to a concentration camp. Hannah and her family flee to freedom at a vineyard in the neighboring country of Osterlich.Hynkel has a dispute with the dictator of the nation of Bacteria, Benzino Napaloni, over which country should invade Osterlich. The two dictators argue over a treaty to govern the invasion, while dining together at an elaborate buffet, which happens to provide a jar of English mustard. The quarrel becomes heated and descends into a food fight, which is only resolved when both men eat the hot mustard and are shocked into cooperating. After signing the treaty with Napaloni, Hynkel orders the invasion of Osterlich. Hannah and her family are trapped by the invading force and beaten by a squad of arriving soldiers.Escaping from the camp in stolen uniforms, Schultz and the barber, dressed as Hynkel, arrive at the Osterlich frontier, where a victory parade crowd is waiting to be addressed by Hynkel. The real Hynkel is mistaken for the barber while out duck hunting in civilian clothes and is knocked out and taken to the camp. Schultz tells the barber to go to the platform and impersonate Hynkel, as it is the only way to save their lives once they reach Osterlich's capital. He announces that he (as Hynkel) has had a change of heart and makes an impassioned speech for brotherhood and goodwill, encouraging soldiers to fight for liberty, and unite the people in the name of democracy.He then addresses a message of hope to Hannah: "Look up, Hannah. The soul of man has been given wings, and at last he is beginning to fly. He is flying into the rainbow, into the light of hope, into the future, the glorious future that belongs to you, to me, and to all of us." Hannah hears the barber's voice on the radio. She turns toward the rising sunlight, and says to her fellows: "Listen."
525	Big Sleep, The (1946)	Film-Noir, Mystery	Philip Marlowe, a private detective in Los Angeles, is summoned to the mansion of General Sternwood, who wants to resolve a series of personal debts his daughter Carmen owes to bookseller Arthur Geiger. As Marlowe leaves, Sternwood's older daughter, Vivian, stops him. She suspects her father's true motive for hiring a detective is to find his protégé, Sean Regan, who had disappeared a month earlier.Marlowe goes to Geiger's shop, which is minded by Agnes Lowzier, and then follows Geiger home. Hearing a gunshot and a woman's scream, he breaks in to find Geiger's body and a drugged Carmen, as well as a hidden camera minus its film. After taking Carmen home he returns and discovers that the body has disappeared. During the night Marlowe learns that Sternwood's driver, Owen Taylor, has been found dead in a limousine driven off the Lido Pier, having been struck on the back of the head.Vivian comes to Marlowe's office the next morning with scandalous pictures of Carmen that she has received with a blackmail demand for the negatives. Marlowe returns to Geiger's bookstore and follows a car to the apartment of Joe Brody, a gambler who has previously blackmailed Sternwood. He then finds Carmen outside Geiger's house, where she insists that it was Brody who killed Geiger. They are interrupted by the landlord, gangster Eddie Mars.Marlowe goes to Brody's apartment, where he finds Agnes and Vivian. They are interrupted by Carmen, who wants her photos. Marlowe disarms her and sends Vivian and Carmen home. Brody admits he was behind the blackmailing, having stolen the negatives from Taylor, but denies having murdered him. Answering his door he is shot dead. Marlowe chases the killer and apprehends Carol Lundgren, Geiger's former driver, who believes Brody is swindling him. Marlowe calls the police to arrest Lundgren.Marlowe visits Mars' casino where he asks about Regan, who supposedly ran off with Mars' wife. Mars is evasive and tells Marlowe that Vivian is running up gambling debts. Vivian wins a big wager and then wants Marlowe to take her home. A stooge of Mars' attempts to rob Vivian, but Marlowe knocks him out. While driving back, Marlowe realizes that Mars staged the robbery attempt to convince him Vivian and Mars were not working together. He presses Vivian on her connection with Mars but she admits nothing. Back at home, Marlowe finds a flirtatious Carmen waiting for him. She says she did not like Regan and mentions that Mars calls Vivian frequently. When she attempts to seduce Marlowe, he throws her out. The next day, Vivian tells him he can stop looking for Regan; he has been found in Mexico and she is going to see him.Mars has Marlowe beaten up to stop him from investigating further. He is found by Harry Jones: an associate of Agnes who is besotted with her. Jones conveys her offer to reveal Mars' wife's location for $200. When Marlowe goes to meet him and be taken to her hiding place, he spots Lash Canino, a gunman hired by Mars, who is there to find Agnes. As Marlowe watches from hiding, Canino threatens Jones until Jones tells him Agnes' address. Canino then forces Jones to have a "drink" which turns out to be poison. Afterward, Marlowe discovers that Jones lied about Agnes' location.Agnes telephones the office while Marlowe is still there, and he arranges to meet her. She has seen Mona Mars behind an auto repair shop near a town called Realito. When he arrives, Marlowe is attacked by Canino. He awakes tied up, with Mona watching over him. Vivian is also present and frees Marlowe, allowing him to get his gun and kill Canino. They drive back together and Marlowe calls Mars from Geiger's house, pretending to be still in Realito.Mars arrives with four men, who set up an ambush outside. He enters, surprised to see Marlowe, who accuses him of blackmailing Vivian, as Carmen had killed Regan; Mars claims she did this in a mental haze, though Marlowe doubts Mars' credibility. He then forces Mars back outside, where he is shot by his own men. Marlowe calls the police, telling them that Mars killed Regan to cover for Carmen. Marlowe convinces Vivian that her sister needs psychiatric care. After the sparks that flew between them earlier in the film it is now clear that they love each other. Vivian confesses her own problems but claims there's "nothing you can't fix."
526	Ben-Hur (1959)	Action, Adventure, Drama	In AD 26 Jerusalem, Judah Ben-Hur, a wealthy Jewish prince and merchant, lives with his mother, Miriam, and younger sister, Tirzah. The family's steward, Simonides, has a daughter named Esther. Judah grants Simonides' request for Esther to marry a freeman and grants Esther her freedom as a wedding gift. Apart since childhood, Judah and Esther quickly fall in love.Judah's Roman childhood friend, Messala, returns to Jerusalem as commander of the Fortress Antonia. He fully embraces Rome's glory and imperial power while Judah remains devoted to his faith and the Jewish people's freedom. When Messala demands that Judah surrender potential rebels to Roman authorities, Judah refuses and cuts all ties.The procession of Judean governor Valerius Gratus enters the city. As Judah and Tirzah watch from the upper terrace, loose roof tiles fall, spooking the governor's horse and throwing him off. Messala realizes it was accidental but condemns Judah to the galleys and imprisons Miriam and Tirzah. Messala also arrests Simonides. While he and other prisoners are transported, they stop in Nazareth. Denied water, Judah collapses but is revived when a carpenter gives him a drink.After three years in the galleys, Judah is assigned to Roman Consul Quintus Arrius' flagship. Arrius notices Judah's determination and self-discipline and offers to train him as a gladiator or charioteer, which Judah refuses. When Macedonian pirates attack the Roman fleet, Arrius orders that Judah be unchained. The ship's hull is rammed, flooding the galley. Judah frees the other rowers and then rescues Arrius, who was thrown overboard. After being rescued, Arrius learns the battle was won. He later petitions Emperor Tiberius to free Judah, and adopts him as his son. In Rome, Judah becomes a champion charioteer.While returning to Judea, Judah meets Balthasar and Arab Sheik Ilderim. Seeing Judah's prowess as a charioteer, the sheik asks him to drive his four horses in a race before the new Judean governor, Pontius Pilate. Judah declines, despite knowing that Messala is competing. Balthasar tells Judah about a prophet he seeks who preaches love and forgiveness and urges Judah to cast off his consuming hate and vengeance.Judah returns to Jerusalem to search for his mother and sister. At his abandoned house, he finds Esther, who never married, living with her debilitated father and also Malluch, a mute former prisoner. Messala tortured Simonides, who has protected Judah's fortune nonetheless. Presenting himself as Quintus Arrius' son, Judah confronts Messala and demands to know Miriam and Tirzah's fates. Messala orders their release from the dungeons. Both are now lepers and secretly expelled to the Valley of the Lepers. Before leaving the city, the women find and beg Esther to conceal their condition from Judah. Esther tells Judah they are dead to stop him searching.Seeking revenge, Judah agrees to drive Sheik Ilderim's four horses against Messala in the chariot race. The sheik goads Messala into making an enormous wager on himself before revealing Judah is his driver. During the race, Messala drives a beaked chariot, having cutters on the wheel hubs to disable competitors. He attempts to destroy Judah's chariot but wrecks his own instead. Dragged behind his horses, he is trampled by another chariot, while Judah wins the race. Before dying, Messala tells Judah his mother and sister are alive in the Valley of the Lepers.At the leper colony, Judah encounters Esther and Malluch bringing supplies to Miriam and Tirzah. Esther persuades him to conceal himself as his family would wish. She then follows a crowd and Balthasar to hear what is possibly Jesus Christ's Sermon on the Mount.Judah meets with Pontius Pilate, who fears Judah's victory will stoke rebellion against Roman rule. Judah rejects his patrimony and Roman citizenship. Returning to the leper colony, he reveals himself to Miriam and finds that Tirzah is dying. Judah and Esther take them to see Jesus Christ, but the trial of Jesus has begun. While carrying his cross through the streets, Jesus collapses. Judah recognizes him as the man who gave him water earlier and tries to give him water but a Roman soldier intervenes.As Judah and Balthasar witness Jesus' crucifixion, Miriam and Tirzah are sheltered in a cave with Esther during a violent storm and are miraculously cured. Realizing that forgiveness is better than revenge, Judah returns to his house and finds them healed. Embracing, the four rejoice at the miracle.
527	Gandhi (1982)	Drama	On June 7, 1893 in the Colony of Natal, young lawyer Mohandas Gandhi is forcibly expelled from a whites-only train carriage in Pietermaritzburg despite possessing a valid first class ticket, subsequently campaigning for Indian equality in the Colony of Natal and the Cape Colony. Dada Abdullah, president of the Natal Indian Congress,  notices his campaign and invites him to a demonstration where he burns his pass. After the Second Boer War, the British colonial government then attempts to enact a law where Indians will be fingerprinted, akin to criminals. Gandhi responds with numerous peaceful demonstrations against the new law's unjust nature, and the British colonial officer and former Boer general, Jan Smuts eventually orders his arrest. Later, the British colonial government releases Gandhi and relents by granting some rights to Indians, fulfilling his short-term goal. Anglican clergyman Charles Freer Andrews joins his mission, and Vince Walker, an American journalist from the New York Times, takes special interest in him. Gandhi's work is at his ashram, where many figures associated with him include Andrews, Hermann Kallenbuch, and later Madeleine Slade, whom Gandhi names Mirabehn.Gandhi returns to India in 1915 where he is cordially invited to the Indian National Congress where at an outdoor luncheon he gets to meet its leaders: Sardar Patel, a young Jawaharlal Nehru, Maulana Azad, and Muhammad Ali Jinnah, who is advocating self rule for India, as well as Gopal Krishna Gokhale, who becomes his mentor. Jinnah supports Gandhi's involvement in politics, but opposes his unconventional approach. At a meeting of the Congress led by Jinnah, Gandhi's speech captivates the ensemble, especially Patel.Gandhi pledges allegiance to the British Empire in World War I, but simultaneously demands self rule for India. His satyagrahas at Champaran and Kheda are brutally curtailed by the British. Despite Indian involvement in World War I, the administration in India passes the Rowlatt Act in 1919, which is seen by the movement as betrayal. While a group of people listen to speeches about freedom, General Reginald Dyer orders his Gurkha soldiers to fire upon them unawares, committing the Amritsar massacre.Jinnah suggests non-cooperation for protesting against British rule, and Gandhi surprisingly agrees. Its immediate success causes the Chauri Chaura incident, where protestors kill and burn police officers in the United Provinces. Disgusted, Gandhi orders to call off the non-cooperation movement, enraging Jinnah, before he retreats to his ashram and fasts to call off the masses.In 1930, after organizing the Salt March against the British monopoly on salt in India, accompanied by Vince Walker and his associate, Gandhi is arrested and sent to prison. When he is released, Gandhi is then invited to London by Ramsay MacDonald to attend the Round Table conferences regarding future Dominion status for the Indian Empire. However, they prove fruitless and Gandhi and the other Congress leaders are imprisoned during World War II. While under house arrest, Gandhi's wife Kasturba dies, and he mourns her.Dissatisfied by the Congress and Gandhi, Jinnah resigns and returns to the Muslim League, where he begins demands for a separate state to be made out of British India for the Muslim minority.  Gandhi is upset, and in 1945, Viceroy Louis Mountbatten declares India's upcoming independence as the territory's final Governor-General. Gandhi offers Jinnah to be Prime Minister and to choose its first cabinet; Nehru agrees to it to maintain India's independence, but Jinnah declines, stating that only independence for Pakistan with him as its leader, will ensure Muslim safety, upsetting Patel, Nehru, and Azad.India and Pakistan finally gain their independence back-to-back in August 1947, and millions of people cross the borders into the two newly-formed countries, but sectarian violence occurs along the new borders between Hindus and Muslims alike. The Indian military attempts to control uprisings in Delhi and Bombay, while in Calcutta murder and violence between Hindus and Muslims rampage through the streets. Devastated, Gandhi holds a fast unto death, causing Hindus to stand down and Huseyn Suhrawardy to call upon Muslims to stop fighting. Gandhi advises a concerned Hindu man, upset about murdering a Muslim infant to avenge his son's death in the violence, to find a Muslim boy whose family had died in the violence and raise him as a faithful Muslim.While heading to afternoon prayers in New Delhi on January 30, 1948, Gandhi is shot point blank 3 times by Nathuram Godse and exclaims "Oh, God!" as he perishes. After his funeral, his casket is carted throughout Delhi accompanied by a mourning Nehru (now the Prime Minister of India), numerous Indian citizens, government officials from all over India, and international dignitaries. His ashes are poured into the Ganges, and he is mourned by the leaders of the Congress and the Indian independence movement as a whole.
528	Killing Fields, The (1984)	Drama, War	In 1973 Phnom Penh, the Cambodian national army wages a civil war with the communist Khmer Rouge group. Dith Pran, a Cambodian journalist and interpreter for The New York Times, awaits the arrival of reporter Sydney Schanberg at the city's airport, but leaves suddenly. Schanberg takes a cab to his hotel where he meets up with photographer Al Rockoff. Pran meets Schanberg later and tells him that an American B-52 has allegedly bombed Neak Leung. After Schanberg and Pran go to the town and confirm the allegation, they are arrested when they try to photograph the execution of two Khmer Rouge operatives. They are eventually released and Schanberg is furious when the international press corps arrives with the U.S. Army.Two years later, in 1975, the Phnom Penh embassies are evacuated in anticipation of the Khmer Rouge's arrival. Schanberg secures evacuation for Pran's family, but Pran insists on staying behind to help Schanberg. The Khmer Rouge move into the capital, ostensibly in peace. During a parade through the city, Schanberg and Rockoff are met by a detachment of the Khmer Rouge, who immediately arrest them. The group is taken to a back alley where prisoners are being held and executed. Pran, unharmed because he is a Cambodian civilian, negotiates to spare his friends' lives, and the group retreats to the French embassy. The Khmer Rouge orders all Cambodian citizens in the embassy to be handed over, to which the fearful ambassador complies. Knowing that Pran will be imprisoned or killed, Rockoff and fellow photographer Jon Swain try to forge a British passport for Pran, but the deception fails when Pran's image on the passport photo disappears, as they lack adequate photographic fixer. Pran is turned over to the Khmer Rouge and forced to live under their totalitarian regime.Several months after returning to New York City, Schanberg launches a personal campaign to locate Pran; he writes letters to several charities and maintains close contact with Pran's family in San Francisco. In Cambodia, Pran has become a forced labourer under the Khmer Rouge's "Year Zero" policy, a return to the agrarian ways of the past. Pran is also forced to attend propagandist classes where many undergo re-education. As intellectuals are made to disappear, Pran feigns simple-mindedness. Eventually, he escapes and stumbles upon one of the Pol Pot regime's Killing Fields before he is found unconscious on the riverside and taken in by a different cadre of Khmer Rouge. In 1976, Schanberg is awarded the fictional AIFPC journalism award (a stand-in for the real Schanberg’s Pulitzer Prize) for his coverage of the Cambodian conflict, and he tells the audience that half the recognition for the award belongs to Pran. Rockoff confronts Schanberg and harshly accuses him of not doing enough to locate Pran and for using his friend to win the award. Although Schanberg initially defends his efforts, he ultimately admits that Pran stayed because of what Schanberg wanted.Pran is shown living in a Khmer Rouge-held village led by a man named Phat, where he does household chores and tends to Phat's young son. Phat makes several attempts to test Pran’s understanding of French and English, but Pran continues to hide his education, claiming to have been a taxi driver before the revolution. This ruse continues until Phat catches him at night listening to an English language radio broadcast. However, rather than punishing him, Phat confides in Pran about his distrust of the Khmer Rouge leadership, and asks him to take ward of his son in the event that he is killed. During the Khmer Rouge's border war with Vietnam, Pran discovers that Phat's son has American money and a map leading to safety. When Phat tries to stop the younger Khmer Rouge officers from killing several of his comrades, he is ignominiously shot. In the confusion, Pran escapes with four of Phat’s comrades and they begin a long trek through the jungle with Phat's son. The group later splits and three of them head in a different direction; Pran continues following the map with the fourth man. However, Pran's companion activates a hidden land mine while holding the boy. As Pran pleads with the man to give him the boy, the mine goes off, killing the pair. Pran continues through the jungle alone until he eventually finds a Red Cross refugee camp near the border of Thailand. In the United States, Schanberg learns that Pran is alive and safe, and reunites with Pran at the Red Cross camp. Pran assures Schanberg of his forgiveness as the two embrace.
529	My Life as a Dog (Mitt liv som hund) (1985)	Drama	The action takes place in Sweden from 1958 to 1959. Twelve-year-old Ingemar gets into all sorts of trouble and adventures with his beloved dog. He and his older brother Erik become too much to handle for their single mother; Ingemar does not know that his mother is in fact terminally ill. In order for their mom to get the rest and recovery she needs, the boys are split up and sent to live with relatives. Ingemar ends up with his maternal uncle Gunnar and his wife Ulla in a small rural town in Småland. Ingemar is not allowed to bring his dog along with him, despite his protestations, and the dog is placed in a kennel. During Ingemar’s stay, he bonds with Gunnar over Povel Ramel's recording of "Far, jag kan inte få upp min kokosnöt".In the town he encounters a variety of characters. Saga, an assertive tomboy his own age, likes him, and shows it by beating him in a boxing match. Among the more eccentric residents is Fransson, a man who continually fixes the roof of his house, and Mr. Arvidsson, an old man living downstairs who gets Ingemar to read to him from a lingerie catalog.Later, Ingemar is reunited with his family, but his mother's health soon takes a turn for the worse and she is hospitalized. He and his brother go to stay with their uncle Sandberg in the city, but his wife thinks the boy is mentally disturbed. After his mother dies, Ingemar is sent back to Småland.Mr. Arvidsson has died in the interim; Gunnar and Ulla now share the house with a large Greek family. Gunnar welcomes him and consoles him as best he can, but the house is so crowded, he has Ingemar live with Mrs. Arvidsson in another house. Ingemar remains hopeful about being reunited with his dog and continues to ask his uncle if the dog can come stay with him. Meanwhile, Ingemar becomes the object of contention between Saga and another girl. When they start fighting over him, he grabs onto Saga's leg and starts barking like a dog. She becomes upset by his strange behavior and gets him into the boxing ring. During the bout, out of spite, Saga tells Ingemar that his dog (which he had thought was in a kennel) was actually euthanized. This, along with his mother's death, is too much for him and he locks himself inside Gunnar's one-room "summer house" in the backyard. While secluded here, Ingemar reflects on the death of his mother, the loss of his dog and a changing world. Ingemar uses the experiences of others and of his own personal loss to reconcile a life which is sometimes tough.Throughout the film, Ingemar tells himself over and over that it could have been worse, reciting several examples, such as a man who took a shortcut onto the field during a track meet and was killed by a javelin and the story of the dog Laika several times, the first creature sent into orbit by the Russians (without any way to get her back down).The film ends with the radio broadcast of a famous heavyweight championship boxing match, between Swede Ingemar Johansson and American Floyd Patterson. When Johansson wins, the whole town erupts with joy, but the now-reconciled Ingemar and Saga are fast asleep together on a couch, holding each other.
530	Man Who Would Be King, The (1975)	Adventure	In 1885 India, journalist Rudyard Kipling is approached by a ragged derelict who reveals himself to be Peachy Carnehan, an old acquaintance. Carnehan reveals what happened to him and his comrade-in-arms, Danny Dravot, both ex-sergeants of the British Army.Three years earlier, Dravot and Carnehan had met Kipling. After stealing his pocket-watch, Carnehan found a masonic tag on the chain and, realising he had robbed a fellow Freemason, felt he had to return it. Carnehan and Dravot were working on a plot to blackmail a local raja, which Kipling foiled by getting the British district commissioner to intervene. Carnehan later blackmails the commissioner to avoid deportation.Frustrated at the lack of opportunities for lucrative criminal mischief, in an India becoming more civilised and with few prospects in the United Kingdom, the two visit Kipling with a plan. Forsaking India, they will head with twenty rifles and ammunition to Kafiristan, a country virtually unknown to Europeans since its conquest by Alexander the Great. There they will offer their services to a ruler and help him conquer his neighbours, but proceed to overthrow him and loot the country. Kipling, after first trying to dissuade them, gives Dravot his masonic tag as a token of brotherhood.After signing a contract pledging mutual loyalty and forswearing women and drink, Carnehan and Dravot set off on an overland journey north beyond the Khyber Pass. Over the following weeks, they travel through Afghanistan, fighting off bandits, blizzards and avalanches. They chance upon Gurkha soldier Billy Fish, the sole survivor of a years-past British expedition. Speaking English and the local language, Billy smooths their way as they begin their rise, first offering their services to the chief of a much-raided village. When a force has been trained in modern weapons and tactics, they lead it out against some hated neighbours. During the battle, an arrow pierces Dravot's jacket but he is unharmed.Both sides take Dravot to be a god, though in fact the arrowhead was stopped by his bandolier. Victory follows victory, with the defeated adding to the ranks of the swelling army. With their enemies vanquished, nobody is left to stand in their way, as they are summoned to the holy city of Sikandergul by the local high priest. The priest sets up a re-enactment of the arrow incident, to determine whether Dravot is a man or a god by seeing whether or not he bleeds. When his shirt is torn open, they are amazed to see the masonic tag around his neck. It contains the sacred symbol left by Sikander, their name for Alexander the Great, who had promised to send a son to rule over them.Hailing Dravot as king as well as god, the locals show him the royal treasury, which is full of gold and jewels that are now all his. Carnehan suggests that they leave with as much loot as they can carry. Dravot, however, is beginning to enjoy the adulation of the locals, settling their disputes and issuing laws, and even dreams of visiting Queen Victoria as an equal. He is also smitten with the beautiful young Roxanne and cancels his pact with Carnehan to avoid women, saying he will marry her to leave the people an heir. When Roxane is reluctantly brought to him, he tries to kiss her, but she, terrified that the touch of a god means death to a mortal, bites his cheek. Seeing him bleed, the people realise he is only human and try to grab the British impostors.Outnumbered in the ensuing battle, Dravot is captured and is made to walk onto a rope bridge, where he sings the hymn "The Son of God Goes Forth to War." When the ropes are cut, he falls to his death. Carnehan is crucified between two pine trees but freed upon being found still alive the next morning. Crippled in body and unhinged in mind from his ordeal, he returns to India as a beggar. Finishing his story, he leaves Kipling's office after putting a bundle on the desk. Kipling opens it and finds Dravot's skull, still wearing a golden crown.
531	Shine (1996)	Drama, Romance	A man wanders through a heavy rainstorm, finding his way into a nearby restaurant. The restaurant's employees try to determine if he needs help. Despite his manic mode of speech being difficult to understand, a waitress, Sylvia, learns that his name is David Helfgott and that he is staying at a local hotel. Sylvia returns him to the hotel, and despite his attempts to impress her with his musical knowledge and ownership of various musical scores, she leaves.As a child, David is growing up in suburban Adelaide, South Australia, and competing in the musical competition of a local Eisteddfod. Helfgott has been taught to play by his father, Peter, who is obsessed with winning and has no tolerance for imperfection, dishonour and disobedience. While playing at the Eisteddfod, David is noticed by Mr. Rosen, a local piano teacher who, after initial resistance from Peter, takes over David's musical instruction.As a teenager, David wins the state musical championship and is invited by concert violinist Isaac Stern to study in the United States. Plans are made to raise money to send David off to America. Initially, his family is supportive, but then Peter forbids David to leave, thinking his absence would destroy the family. Peter begins physically and mentally abusing David, which upsets the rest of the family.Crushed, David continues to study and befriends local novelist and co-founder of the Communist Party of Australia, Katharine Susannah Prichard. David is eventually offered a scholarship to the Royal College of Music in London. This time, David is able to break away from his father with the encouragement of Katharine. However, his father issues an ultimatum, effectively banishing David and saying that David will never return home and never be anybody's son.In London, David studies under Dr. Cecil Parkes and enters a music competition, choosing to play Sergei Rachmaninoff's demanding 3rd Piano Concerto, a piece he had attempted to learn as a young child to make his father proud.As David practices, he shows signs of mental stress. David wins the competition, but suffers a mental breakdown and is admitted to a psychiatric hospital where he receives electroshock therapy. David recovers to the point where he is able to return to Adelaide. However, his attempts to reconcile with his father are rebuffed due to the latter's belief that David had abandoned his family. This causes David to relapse and he is readmitted to a mental institution.Years later, a volunteer at the institution recognises David and knows of his musical talent. The woman takes him home but discovers that he is difficult to control, unintentionally destructive, and needs more care than she can offer. As time passes, David has difficulty adjusting to life in broader society again, and often leaves the hotel to stimulate his interests.The next day, David returns to the restaurant where the patrons are astounded by his skill at the piano. One of the owners befriends David and looks after him. In return, David plays at the restaurant. Through the owner, David is introduced to an employee named Gillian. David and Gillian soon fall in love and marry. With Gillian's help and support, David is able to come to terms with his father's death and to stage a well-received comeback concert, presaging his return to professional music.
532	Kama Sutra: A Tale of Love (1996)	Romance	In 16th-century India, Tara is a princess while Maya is her beautiful servant. They are best friends, but there is an undercurrent of jealousy and resentment, symbolised by the fact that Maya is given Tara's hand-me-down clothes and never anything new to wear. As the girls approach marriageable age, Tara resents that Maya is a better classical dancer than she is and that her parents and hunchback brother, Prince Bikram (a.k.a "Biki") show affection for her servant.Tara is prepared to marry Prince Raj Singh, but when the prince comes to view his future wife, he is instantly infatuated with Maya instead. Noticing this, Tara spits in Maya's face and sends her from the wedding in tears. Maya takes revenge by seeking out Raj and having sex with him, before he has completed the marriage rites with Tara; Biki, hiding, watches the two of them.As Tara is leaving home as a newlywed, Maya tells her that just as Maya wore the princess's used clothes all her life, Tara will now have something Maya has used. During her wedding night, Tara is hesitant to consummate their relationship. An angry Raj rapes his horrified bride, even calling her Maya, setting a tone of violence and humiliation for the marriage. Despite this, Tara still yearns for a loving relationship with her indifferent husband.To save Maya's honour, Biki sends her a marriage proposal. When she refuses, he publicly brands her as a whore, and she is forced to leave her home. Wandering on her own, she meets a young stone sculptor, Jai Kumar, who works for Raj. He reveals that Maya has been the inspiration for his beautiful and highly erotic statues. Jai takes her to an older woman named Rasa Devi, who is a teacher of the Kama Sutra. Maya begins an intense romantic and sexual relationship with Jai that is abruptly halted when he fears he might not be able to work properly with Maya consuming his thoughts. Maya finds comfort with Rasa Devi and decides to learn the courtesan's art.Raj, now the king, recognises Maya in one of Jai's sculptures. He dispatches his attendants to find Maya; she is delivered to the king as his new courtesan. Soon after, Raj and Jai have a wrestling competition, which Jai wins. Jai receives the king's favour but is warned that there will be dire consequences if he defeats the king again. Jai then learns of Maya's new status as the favoured concubine. Jai understands that his king is a dangerous man and he must keep his former relationship with Maya a secret.In the meantime, the threat of an invading shah inches closer. Raj becomes increasingly irresponsible, descending into opium addiction and sexual debauchery. After he insults Biki, Biki writes a letter to the shah to rid the kingdom of Raj, who now taxes the poor for his own perverted pleasure. Jai and Maya rekindle their passion and the two begin meeting in secret. As tensions between Jai and Raj grow, Maya and Jai exchange wedding vows in private. Raj later catches the two lovers together and sentences Jai to death.After finding Tara in the midst of a suicide attempt, Maya reconciles with her childhood friend. Maya then teaches Tara how to seduce the king, while Tara promises to help Maya escape to visit Jai. However, when Tara goes to her husband, he recognises Maya's style of seduction and again tries to humiliate his wife. Tara tells Raj that she doesn't even love him enough to hate him and leaves. Maya visits Jai one last time. Telling Jai she is his forever, Maya hacks off her long hair, symbolising that she will be his widow. Maya then tries her best to persuade Raj to free Jai by promising him her total surrender, but Raj rejects her plea.Just before the execution, a box arrives from the shah, holding the severed head of Raj's brother, the grand vizier. Jai is executed by elephant while Maya watches from the crowd. As soldiers of the invading Shah take the king's palace, Maya walks away into the distance.
533	Daytrippers, The (1996)	Mystery	In the morning after Thanksgiving, Eliza (Hope Davis) discovers a love letter featuring a poem that suggests that her husband Louis (Stanley Tucci) is having an affair with a woman named Sandy. So she decides to go to New York City and confront him. Her family, including her parents Jim (Pat McNamara) and Rita (Anne Meara), her sister Jo (Parker Posey), and Jo's live-in boyfriend Carl (Liev Schreiber), go along for the ride in the family station wagon from Long Island. During the car ride, Carl talks about the book that he's writing. A surrealist story about a man with a dog's head who uses the fame he gets from his deformity to preach his political beliefs.Eliza and Rita first try to find him at the publishing firm that he works for in the city. Eliza goes to find his boss and while waiting, she runs into Eddie Masler (Campbell Scott), a writer who tells her that the poem featured in the letter is called "The Definition of Love". Louis's boss finally comes to tell her that he's out for the day but that he might be going to a book release party later in the day. Rita then decides to snoop around in his office for evidence and finds a picture of him at a birthday party with a woman. They then drive to Louis's apartment, and see him getting into a cab with the woman from the picture who they believe to be Sandy. They try to follow him, but get stopped at a red light and lose him. Determined to find out what's going on, Rita gets out of the car to chase her down. But she has no luck and ends up passing out on the sidewalk. Carl asks for help to a stranger he sees getting out of the nearest apartment and they decide to help her. The people in the apartment, a father and son, seem nice and help out the family before the son tells Eliza separately that his father doesn't pay alimony for his other kids and that he is practically harboring a criminal. They leave and head to the book release party that Louis is supposed to be at. Carl and Jo go in to look while everyone else stays in the car. At the party, there is no sign of Louis, but the two run into Eddie there. Jo and Eddie get to talking as Carl tries to say hi to a former teacher and seem to be attracted to each other. Upon Carl's return, Jo brings up that Carl thinks that America should have an aristocracy instead of a democracy, which Eddie finds idiotic and starts an argument about. Carl and Jo leave the party with no luck of finding Louis, but it turns out that Jo left her bag up in the party, so she goes back to get it. She runs into Eddie again while up there and they kiss. She leaves and find that he left his phone number in her phone book. After this, they all go back to Sandy’s apartment and Eliza goes in to find a party in progress. While waiting, Jo calls Eddie on a payphone, telling Carl that she's checking her machine. Carl sees this which prompts an argument in which she says that she hates him. At the party, Eliza spots the woman she believes to be Sandy, only to find out that it's not. She goes to the roof and sees Louis kissing the real Sandy, who is actually a man. He tries to explain as she storms out and the rest of her family is disgusted upon seeing who Sandy really is. Rita makes Eliza get in the car, but Jim asks what Eliza wants to do, not Rita. They then both tell Rita to shut up. Eliza gets out and argues with Louis, eventually storming off again. Jo chases after her as the rest of the family stays in the car. They talk and the film closes with them walking off into the city.
534	Traveller (1997)	Drama	The Travellers are a close-knit group of Irish American con artists who travel the American South looking for easy marks. Pat O'Hara, a city-bred young man whose father was a member of the group and has since died, returns home for his father’s funeral and wants to join the group. However, Pat is not welcomed due to his father breaking the group’s code for marrying outside of the clan. While Boss Jack, the group's head, shuns Pat, Bokky, the group’s "star artist", takes Pat under his wing and teaches him the tricks of the trade.Bokky and Pat decide to run a complicated scam on Jean, a bartender and single mother they meet on the road. The two men also hook up with Double D, a fellow grifter. Bokky becomes romantically drawn to Jean, and feeling remorse for having deceived her, considers violating the group’s principles by returning her money. Other tensions are spurred by Pat’s romantic interest in Boss Jack’s daughter Kate and his plans with Double D to outsmart a group of mobsters.
535	Addicted to Love (1997)	Comedy, Romance	The story begins in a small town, where Sam works as an astronomer and enjoys an idyllic life with his childhood sweetheart Linda, who is a schoolteacher. She wants more experiences than can be offered there, so goes to New York City for a two-month teaching fellowship.Instead of returning home, Linda sends Sam a Dear John letter announcing that she is staying in New York. He leaves almost immediately for the city, convinced he can get her back.Sam quickly discovers Linda's living with a new lover, French restaurant owner Anton. Sam breaks into an abandoned building across from Anton's residence, and converts his astronomy equipment to surveillance equipment. He sets up house (and a camera obscura), watching her interactions with Anton in the hopes of finding out more information about them, as well as predicting when they will break up.Sam's surveillance operation is later discovered by Maggie, a photographer and motorcyclist, determined to get revenge on Anton, her ex-fiancé. She sets up in a nearby room, and soon has sound equipment set up to eavesdrop on the couple.Out of money and to find out more about him, Sam takes a job at Anton's restaurant as a dishwasher. As the men talk they become friends, Anton unaware of Sam's connection to Linda.Partnering with Maggie in the hopes of driving them apart, a comedy of errors ensues, in which Maggie and Sam try several unethical and nasty tricks to break apart their respective former partners, including: identity theft, assault, embarrassing him in public with a street performer's monkey, paying children to spray him with women's perfume in the street, planting women's underwear and receipts for expensive gifts and getting Anton's restaurant shut down by bringing in cockroaches on a busy night with a food critic there.Mutually hostile at first, Sam and Maggie eventually warm up to each other in their quest to break up Linda and Anton, complicating their original mission to win their former partners back. When Maggie's nan visits, she insists they kiss for a photo (she believes he is her fiancé), and they obviously share a moment. But suddenly they discover Linda has left Anton. He really had slept with another woman, someone in the bank to help with a loan.Maggie pushes Sam out, as Linda is now gone, and he runs into a desolate Anton, who talks him into joining him at his place. Maggie watches as they interact. The next day, she's there to spy on Sam when he sees and kisses Linda, and again spies on him that night as he helps a severely injured Anton he unintentionally got put into an upper body cast. Sam mentions Linda, which makes Anton realise something is fishy about Sam, and he attacks him.The upshot of it all is, Maggie makes peace with Anton, Sam comes clean with Linda and in the closing there are two couples: Sam and Maggie, Anton back with Linda.
536	Ponette (1996)	Drama	Before the film begins, Ponette's mother dies in a car crash, which Ponette herself survives with only a broken arm (she consequently must wear an arm cast).Following her mother's death, Ponette's father (Xavier Beauvois) leaves the young girl with her Aunt Claire (Claire Nebout), and her cousins Matiaz (Matiaz Bureau Caton) and Delphine (Delphine Schiltz). Ponette and her cousins are later sent to a boarding school. There, the loss of her mother becomes even more harsh and painful when she is mocked on the playground for being motherless. Not yet having come to terms with her mother's death, Ponette searches for her. Ponette becomes increasingly withdrawn, and spends most of her time waiting for her mother to come back.When waiting alone fails, Ponette enlists the help of her school friend Ada (Léopoldine Serre) to help her become a "child of God" to hopefully convince God to return her mother, in vain. In the end, Ponette visits a cemetery and cries for her mother, who suddenly appears to comfort her and ask her to live her life and not be sad all the time. Her mother (played by Marie Trintignant) says she cannot keep coming back, so Ponette must move on and go be happy with her father.Then, it appears that her mother gives her a sweater that she did not bring to the cemetery, and her father comments when he sees her that "I haven't seen that sweater in a while".
537	My Own Private Idaho (1991)	Drama	Mike, a street hustler, stands alone on a deserted stretch of highway. He starts talking to himself and notices that the road looks "like someone's face, like a fucked-up face". He then experiences a narcoleptic episode and dreams of his mother comforting him as home movies of his childhood play in his mind.Later, after receiving fellatio from a client in Seattle, Mike returns to his favorite spots to pick up clients. He is picked up by a wealthy older woman who takes him to her mansion, where he finds two fellow hustlers she has also hired. One of them is Scott Favor, Mike's best friend, and the other is Gary. While preparing to have sex with the woman, Mike has another narcoleptic episode and awakens the next day with Scott in Portland, Oregon.Mike and Scott are soon reunited with Bob Pigeon, a middle-aged mentor to a gang of street kids and hustlers who live in an abandoned apartment building. Scott, the son of the mayor of Portland, confides in Bob that when he turns 21, he will inherit his father's fortune and retire from street hustling. Meanwhile, Mike yearns to find his mother, so he and Scott leave for Idaho to visit Mike's older brother, Richard. Along this journey, Mike confesses to Scott that he is in love with him, and Scott gently reminds Mike he only sleeps with men for money. Richard tells a story of a man he claims is Mike's father, but Mike insists that he knows it is Richard. Richard informs Mike that their mother works as a hotel maid; when Mike and Scott visit her workplace, they learn she went to Italy in search of her own family. At the hotel, they meet Hans, the man who drove them to Portland, and prostitute themselves to him.With the money they receive from Hans, Mike and Scott travel to Italy. They find the country farmhouse where Mike's mother worked as a maid and English tutor. Carmela, a young woman who lives there, tells Mike that his mother returned to the United States months earlier. Carmela and Scott fall in love and return to the US, leaving a brokenhearted Mike to return on his own. Scott's father dies, and Scott inherits his fortune.Back in Portland, Bob and his gang confront a reformed Scott at an upscale restaurant, but he rejects them. That night, Bob has a fatal heart attack. The next day, the hustlers hold a rowdy funeral for Bob, while in the same cemetery, a few yards away, Scott attends a solemn funeral for his father.Finally, Mike is back on the deserted stretch of Idaho highway. After he falls into another narcoleptic stupor, two strangers pull up in a truck, take his backpack and shoes, and drive away. Moments later, an unidentified figure pulls up in a car, picks the unconscious Mike up, places him in the vehicle, and drives away.
538	Anastasia (1997)	Animation, Children's, Musical	In 1916, at a ball in Saint Petersburg, Russia celebrating the Romanov tricentennial, Dowager Empress Marie gives a music box and a necklace inscribed with the words "Together in Paris" as parting gifts to her youngest granddaughter, 8-year-old Grand Duchess Anastasia. The ball is suddenly interrupted by Grigori Rasputin, the Romanovs’ former royal advisor. The supposed holy man was exposed as a fraud, after wanting to take over Russia until he was finally exiled. Seeking revenge, Rasputin sold his soul in exchange for the power to kill his opponent. His power is manifested in an unholy reliquary he must protect. He uses it to curse the Romanovs and spark the Russian Revolution. As the palace is attacked, Marie and Anastasia escape through a secret passageway, helped by 10-year-old servant boy Dimitri. Rasputin confronts the two royals on the frozen Little Nevka river, only to fall through the ice and drown. The pair reach a moving train; Marie climbs aboard, but Anastasia falls and hits her head, giving her amnesia.Ten years later, Russia is now part of the Soviet Union. Rumors of Anastasia's survival spread, and Marie offers 10 million rubles for her safe return. A now 20-year-old Dimitri who is now a conman, and his partner-in-crime, former nobleman  Vladimir Valya "Vlad" Vonitsky Vasilovich, search for an Anastasia look-alike so they can collect the reward. Elsewhere, a now 18-year-old Anastasia (now called "Anya") leaves the rural orphanage where she has been living since she got amnesia. Accompanied by a stray puppy she names Pooka, she decides to head to Paris to uncover her past, inspired by the inscription on her necklace, but finds she needs an exit visa. An old woman advises her to see Dimitri at the abandoned palace; there, Dimitri and Vlad are impressed by Anya's resemblance to the "real" Anastasia. They decide to take her to Paris.Rasputin's albino bat sidekick, Bartok, is nearby and notices his master's dormant reliquary revived by Anya's presence; it drags him to limbo, where he finds Rasputin has survived. Enraged to hear that Anastasia escaped the curse, Rasputin sends his demonic minions from the reliquary to kill her. They sabotage the trio's train as it leaves St. Petersburg and later try to lure Anya into sleepwalking off their ship to France. The trio unwittingly foil both attempts, forcing Rasputin and Bartok to travel back to the surface to kill Anya. Meanwhile, as Dimitri and Vlad teach Anya court etiquette and about the Romanov family's history, Dimitri and Anya begin to fall in love.The trio eventually reach Paris and visit Marie, who has given up on finding Anastasia after meeting numerous impostors. Despite this, Marie's cousin Sophie quizzes Anya to confirm her identity. Though Anya gives every answer taught to her, Dimitri finally realizes she is the real Anastasia when she vaguely recalls him helping her escape the palace siege. Sophie, also convinced, arranges a meeting with Marie at the Palais Garnier where they watch the Russian ballet version of Cinderella. There, Dimitri tries to establish an introduction but Marie refuses, having heard of Dimitri's initial scheme. Anya overhears the conversation and angrily leaves. Dimitri later abducts Marie in her car to force her to see Anya, finally convincing her when he presents the music box Anastasia dropped during their escape. As Marie and Anya converse, Anya regains her memories; the pair sing the lullaby the music box plays, and are joyfully reunited.Marie offers Dimitri the reward, recognizing him as the servant boy who saved them, but he declines and intends to leave for St. Petersburg, bidding Vlad farewell. At Anastasia's return celebration, Marie informs her of Dimitri's gesture, leaving Anastasia torn between staying or going with him. Anastasia is then lured to the Pont Alexandre III, where Rasputin traps and attacks her, though Bartok refuses to help him any longer. Dimitri returns to save her, but is injured and knocked unconscious. In the struggle, Anastasia gets Rasputin's reliquary and crushes it, avenging her family as Rasputin disintegrates and dies.In the aftermath, Anastasia and Dimitri reconcile; they elope, and Anastasia sends a farewell letter to Marie and Sophie, promising to return one day. Bartok shares a kiss with a female bat before bidding the audience farewell.
539	Mouse Hunt (1997)	Children's, Comedy	String magnate Rudolph Smuntz dies, bequeathing his financially cash-strapped factory and a dilapidated Victorian mansion to his sons Ernie and Lars. Following the will reading, both brothers suffer setbacks in their lives—Ernie, who shunned the family business to become a chef, accidentally loses his restaurant when a cockroach hidden in a box of cigars he inherited from his father's estate contaminates a meal he is serving to the mayor, causing the mayor to suffer a fatal heart attack. Lars is kicked out of his house by his greedy wife April, after he honored a promise to his late father to refuse to let a rival company, Zeppco International, buyout Smuntz String. Lars and Ernie reunite in a diner and learn of the other's misfortune, leading them to spend the night in the mansion they inherited.The brothers find themselves unable to sleep because of a mouse making noise, but in trying to catch him, they discover blueprints of the property. Through these, they learn the mansion is a fabled final design by the architect Charles Lyle LaRue, and would be worth a fortune if restored. Although they agree to auction the mansion to recover their lives, Ernie spots the mouse and informs Lars they must get rid of him, fearing a repeat of the cockroach incident. Several attempts are made, including using a vicious cat named Catzilla and hiring an exterminator named Ceasar, but both fail when the brothers discover the mouse is unusually intelligent, outwitting the pair and causing them mischief for forcing it out of his home.Their situation becomes further complicated when the bank threatens to repossess the mansion, unless they pay off the mortgage on it that Ernie used to provide them funds. After the factory workers go on strike upon learning they can’t be paid when Lars attempts to run operations on his own, Ernie goes behind his back to secretly meet the Zeppco representatives over their buyout offer upon finding the business card they left. The meeting fails to happen after he is hit by a bus while flirting with some women, but is surprised when Lars reveals April will provide the cash, having learnt of the brothers’ recent discovery. The pair resume their efforts to catch the mouse, until Lars overhears a voicemail message from Zeppco, leading them to argue against each other. Their argument unwittingly leads to the mouse being stunned by an orange, whereupon the brothers decide to mail him in a box to Cuba to be rid of it.  Ernie and Lars reconcile, and finish renovating the house for auction. However, on the night it is to begin, Lars discovers the box had been mailed back due to insufficient postage, and realizes that the mouse is back in the house, but immediately screams in alarm from upon seeing this. As the auction gets underway, the brothers attempt to flush the mouse out with a garden hose, but fail miserably when their actions cause the house to be flooded, washing everyone outside, before the mansion collapses. April mocks the pair, before leaving with a wealthy bidder, as the brothers leave for the factory having lost everything. The mouse, surviving the collapse, follows them, whereupon it takes pity on their situation and uses the factory machinery to convert a block of cheese into a ball of string cheese. Inspired, the brothers ally with the mouse, renovating the factory to produce string cheese and other products, and finding new joy in their lives.
540	Money Train (1995)	Action	Foster brothers John and Charlie Robinson are  transit cops patrolling the New York City Subway. On Christmas, they chase two muggers into a subway tunnel. Nearby trains are halted, but transit captain Donald Patterson allows the money train – hauling subway revenue – to continue. One of the teenage muggers is gunned down and killed by transit cops guarding the money train, resulting in the brothers are furious at them, triggering a brawl between them and the brothers. Patterson blames John and Charlie for delaying the money train.Charlie asks John for money to buy a Christmas present, but instead uses it to pay off gambling debts to mobster Mr. Brown, only to get even more into debt when Brown threatens to have his men throw Charlie off a building, until John intervenes. Revealing Charlie is $15,000 in debt, John at first decides to let them drop Charlie.  Yet after a brief conversation with John, Mr. Brown accepts John’s promise to deliver the money in a few days.John and Charlie both take a liking to Grace Santiago, an beautiful newly assigned decoy transit officer. When a serial killer known as the Torch robs a token booth and sets it on fire, risking the killing of the booth attendant, John and Charlie rescue the attendant and put out the fire. The Torch escapes and knocks out Grace.John rejects Charlie’s plan to rob the money train to pay off his gambling debt. When the brothers and Grace are assigned to patrol the money train, Charlie discovers a grate in the train’s floor and a maintenance ladder leading to Central Park. A brawl breaks out between John and another officer, quickly involving the entire squad. Once again blaming the brothers for the brawl and accusing them of taking some of the money, Patterson continues to berate them even after realizing a collection agent miscounted and there is no money missing. Charlie tells John the best time to rob the money train would be New Year's Eve, due to less security and the year’s highest proceeds: up to $4,000,000 that night.John gives Charlie $15,000 to pay back Mr. Brown, but while on the train, Charlie is pickpocketed by an old lady and then beaten by Brown’s men as punishment for non-payment. John is visited by Grace, having both realized their mutual attraction to each other, and the two have sex. On his way home, Charlie stops by John’s apartment. He is saddened to spot Grace and John sleeping together, and Charlie walks away. John feels remorse for hurting Charlie, as well as disappointment in Charlie's losing the $15,000.In a sting operation to apprehend Torch, Grace is disguised as a token booth attendant. Realizing the trap, Torch distracts police by pushing a man in front of a moving train, killing him. Torch sprays gasoline on Grace, but before he can light it, Charlie alerts the other officers, who open fire. John pursues the killer into another station, where they fight. Torch is burned by his gasoline and killed by an approaching train. Patterson fires Charlie for ruining the ambush.  When John defends his brother to Patterson, John is fired as well, leading to the brothers having a falling out.Later that night at a bar, Charlie is further assaulted by Mr. Brown and his men. Brown threatens to murder John if the $15,000 debt is not paid to him by New Year's Day.On New Year's Eve, John storms into Mr. Brown’s strip club, after hearing about Charlie and defeats the mobsters using his Kung Fu skills, threatening Brown if anything happens to Charlie, knocking him out with a 360-degree kick into a glass enclosure.Grace persuades John to intervene in Charlie’s robbery. Charlie enters the money train from beneath, throws out the driver and drives it to the ladder, but is unable to escape with the money due to the presence of a group of NYPD Mounted cops. Reaching the train, John persuades Charlie to drive farther to avoid arrest. The brothers disable the brakes to prevent Patterson activating them remotely. Patterson deploys a steel barricade, but John and Charlie accidentally increase the train's maximum speed and smash through the barricade. Transit control officer Kowalski declares the money train a runaway and starts clearing tracks, but Patterson diverts the train onto a track occupied by a passenger train, the 1220 bound for Coney Island, to prevent its riders' escape, but does not tell the driver about the money train. When Charlie tries to steal the money, John attempts to stop him from doing so, leading to a brawl between the brothers. Eventually, the two stop fighting when Charlie saves John from falling off the train. The money train slams into the rear of the passenger train and slows down, but speeds up again, continuing to ram the passenger train with increasing the risk of derailing both trains and killing everyone on board, including the driver.With no brakes and the throttle jammed, the brothers decide to throw the money train into reverse to save the passenger train. Charlie positions an iron bar to trip the reverse lever, and the brothers climb on top of the train. The money train rams into 1220 again, activating the reverse lever, putting it into reverse position.  The brothers jump across to the 1220 train as the money train derails, to the horror of the onlooking Patterson, who is waiting at the next station with his officers.When arriving at the subway station, the brothers try to escape but are spotted by Patterson, who interrogates them. Fed up with his abuse, they both punch him in the face after he spits in John's. As Patterson shouts out for their arrest, he is arrested himself by Grace for endangering the passengers’ lives, much to the brothers’ amazement as they leave the platform. They then emerge onto the Times Square streets just in time for the new year of 1996 to begin. Their celebration is cut short when John realizes Charlie has a bag with over $500,000 tucked inside his coat, much to John’s dismay. The film closes with the gentlemen walking off into the distance arguing over the money while the credits roll.
541	Mortal Kombat (1995)	Action, Adventure	Mortal Kombat is a martial arts tournament that is held once every generation between representatives of the realms of Earth and the otherworldly dimension of Outworld. If Outworld achieves ten consecutive victories, the Outworld Emperor will invade and conquer the Earthrealm. They have already won nine times. Shaolin monk Liu Kang, movie star Johnny Cage and Special Forces officer Sonya Blade are chosen by Rayden, the god of thunder and defender of Earthrealm, to prevent Outworld from winning their tenth straight tournament. Kang seeks revenge against the tournament host Shang Tsung for killing his brother Chan and taking his soul; Sonya is lured onto the ship headed for Shang Tsung's island by crime boss Kano, who murdered her partner; Johnny seeks to debunk media claims that his martial arts skills are faked.Tsung orders the creature Reptile to prevent Princess Kitana, the Emperor's adopted daughter, from allying with the Earth warriors. Kang, Johnny and Sonya advance to the final rounds of the tournament, with Sonya killing Kano, Johnny killing Scorpion, and Liu killing Sub-Zero.One of Johnny's peers, Art Lean, is defeated by the reigning tournament champion, Prince Goro, and has his soul taken by Shang Tsung. Hoping to protect Kang and Sonya, Johnny challenges Goro.Johnny uses guile and the element of surprise to defeat Goro. Now desperate, Tsung takes Sonya hostage and takes her to Outworld. Knowing that his powers are ineffective there, Rayden sends Kang and Johnny into Outworld to rescue Sonya and challenge Tsung. In Outworld, Kang is attacked by Reptile but gains the upper hand and kills him. Kitana meets up with Johnny and Kang. She reveals to them that Outworld was a beautiful and peaceful place until the Emperor came from a third realm and brought Outworld to ruin after winning ten consecutive Mortal Kombat tournaments there. He then adopted Kitana and took the throne for himself. Not wanting the Emperor to succeed in taking over Earthrealm, Kitana helps them infiltrate Shang Tsung's fortress, disguised in the robes of his followers.Kitana berates Tsung for his treachery to the Emperor, distracting him while Kang and Johnny free Sonya. Tsung challenges Johnny but is counter-challenged by Kang. During the battle, Kang faces not only Shang Tsung but also the souls he took in past tournaments. Tsung morphs into Chan to confuse Kang. Accepting that he is not responsible for Chan's death allows Kang to see through the charade. Liu Kang fires a fireball at Tsung, knocking him off a landing onto a bed of spikes. Tsung's death releases all of the captive souls, including Chan's. Before ascending to the afterlife, Chan tells Kang that he will remain with him in spirit until they are reunited and tells him to "Go in Peace."The Earth warriors return to Earthrealm, where a victory celebration is taking place at Kang's Shaolin temple with Rayden waiting for them. The jubilation stops when the Emperor appears and declares he has come for the heroes' souls. Rayden and the warriors take up fighting stances.
542	Pocahontas (1995)	Animation, Children's, Musical, Romance	In 1607, the Susan Constant travels from London to the New World, carrying English settlers from the Virginia Company. The settlers, including Captain John Smith, talk of adventure, finding gold, fighting "Injuns" and potentially settling in the new land. They encounter a hurricane shortly after setting sail, during which a soldier named Thomas washes overboard. John Smith manages to save him by rappelling off the ship but they narrowly escape when the rope breaks.In the Powhatan tribe in Virginia, Pocahontas, the daughter of Chief Powhatan, fears being possibly wed to Kocoum, a warrior whom she sees as too serious for her own free-spirited personality. After having a dream about a spinning arrow, Pocahontas visits Grandmother Willow, a talking willow tree that alerts her to the arriving English.The voyage's leader Governor Ratcliffe, who seeks only wealth and status, has Jamestown built in a wooded clearing and immediately has the crewmen dig for gold, which he secretly plans to use to dethrone King James. John departs to explore the wilderness and encounters Pocahontas. At first, she speaks to him in Powhatan, but soon, he gains her trust. They quickly bond, fascinated by each other's worlds, and end up falling in love. After a fight between settlers and natives, Powhatan orders the natives to stay away from the Englishmen. Pocahontas, however, disobeys him and keeps meeting with John. Unfortunately, Pocahontas's best friend, Nakoma, discovers the secret relationship and warns Kocoum. Ratcliffe also learns of John's encounters and stubbornly warns him against sparing any Natives.Later, John and Pocahontas meet with Grandmother Willow and plan to bring peace between the colonists and the tribe. While both parties spy on the couple, John and Pocahontas share a kiss. Furious, Kocoum attacks and attempts to kill John, but Thomas, who had been ordered by Ratcliffe to follow John, intervenes and kills Kocoum. John orders Thomas to leave before the tribesmen arrive. They capture John and retrieve Kocoum's body. Enraged at Kocoum's death, Powhatan angrily scolds Pocahontas for leaving the village, and declares war on the English, beginning with John's execution at dawn.Reaching Jamestown, Thomas warns the settlers of John's capture. Ratcliffe then rallies his men to battle, using this as an excuse to annihilate the tribe and find their nonexistent gold. That same night, Powhatan also orders his men to prepare for battle. A desperate Pocahontas visits Grandmother Willow and realizes the arrow from John's compass is the same spinning arrow from her dream, which leads to her destiny. Morning comes, and Powhatan and his tribe drag John to a cliff for his execution. Meanwhile, Ratcliffe leads the armed colonists to fight Powhatan's warriors. Just as Powhatan is about to execute John and start the war, Pocahontas intervenes and finally convinces him to end the fighting between the two groups and spare John's life. Both sides stand down, and John is released, but an unmoved Ratcliffe fires his musket at Powhatan, but John takes the shot to save him. Furious, and despite Ratcliffe accusing John of taking the shot, the settlers turn on him and arrest him for hurting their comrade.John is nursed back to health by the tribe but must return to England for his wounds to fully heal. Ratcliffe is also sent back to face punishment for his crimes against the settlement. John asks Pocahontas to come with him, but she chooses to stay with her tribe to help keep the peace. John leaves without Pocahontas, but with Powhatan's blessing to return anytime in the future. At the end, Pocahontas stands atop a cliff, watching the ship carrying John depart.
543	Misérables, Les (1995)	Drama, Musical	As the film opens, Henri's father, a chauffeur also named Henri, is falsely accused of having murdered his boss. During his trial and imprisonment, Henri's mother finds a job in a tavern on a Normandy beach. There Henri sees a film adaptation of Les Misérables. His father dies attempting to escape from prison, and upon hearing the news Henri's mother commits suicide. Henri grows up an orphan and learns boxing.The film next takes up the story of Elisa, a ballerina, and André Ziman, a young Jewish journalist and law student. They meet following a performance of a ballet based on Les Misérables. Later, during World War II, André and Elisa, now married, and their daughter Salomé attempt to cross the Swiss border to escape the Nazis. They encounter Henri, who owns a moving company, and they discuss the Hugo novel. The Zimans entrust Salomé to Henri and enroll her in a Catholic convent school. André and Elisa are ambushed while trying to cross the frontier. Elisa is arrested and André wounded. Farmers who find him give him shelter.The members of a local gang and Henri join the French Resistance, but the gang members take advantage of their anti-Nazi attacks to steal from local houses. Elisa and other women are forced to entertain the Nazi occupiers. She is sent to a concentration camp for being defiant. After staging an attack on a train transporting funds for the Vichy government, Henri and his mates travel to Normandy to visit the tavern where he lived as a child. The D-Day invasion is launched the next day and Henri supports the Allied forces when they conquer the beach. In the process he saves the life of the tavern owner's son Marius.At the war's end, Henri accepts an offer to run a seaside camp in Normandy. There he receives a letter from Salomé, who has no way of contacting her family. He takes her with him to the resort, which he names Chez Jean Valjean. Elisa, having survived a Nazi concentration camp in German-occupied Poland, joins them later.A former Vichy police agent accuses Henri of abetting the gang's activities during the war and of robbing and burning a train. He is imprisoned to await trial. Meanwhile André's one-time rescuer is holding him captive, hoping to live off his bank account. The farmer has told André that the American D-Day invasion failed and the Nazis now rule the world. With evident reluctance, the farmer's wife supports her husband in these lies until he attempts to poison André. Then she shoots her husband before he can feed André the poisoned soup. As she checks to see if her husband is dead, he grabs her and chokes her to death. André escapes from his cellar prison on a bad leg and emerges to find the farmer couple dead and a liberated Europe. He rejoins his wife and daughter at Chez Jean Valjean and then represents Henri at his trial and wins his acquittal.As the film ends, Henri, now the mayor, presides at the civil marriage of Salomé and Marius in the presence of André and Elisa and the mother superior of the school that sheltered Salomé. André Ziman quotes Victor Hugo: "The best of our lives is yet to come."
544	Things to Do in Denver when You're Dead (1995)	Crime, Drama, Romance	Trying to go straight, ex-gangster Jimmy "The Saint" Tosnia runs Afterlife Advice in Denver, where dying people videotape messages for their loved ones. His business isn't doing well and his former boss, a crime lord known as "The Man With The Plan," has bought up his debt in order to command a favor involving the crime lord's son, Bernard, who has been arrested for child molestation. The Man With The Plan, who was left a quadriplegic after an attempt on his life, wants Jimmy to persuade Bernard's ex-girlfriend Meg to come back to him; The Man With the Plan believes this will cure Bernard of his pedophilia.A reluctant Jimmy recruits his friends Easy Wind, Pieces, Big Bear Franchise and the rage-prone Critical Bill. The plan is to have Pieces and Critical Bill pose as police officers, intercept Meg's current boyfriend Bruce, and intimidate him until he agrees to break up with Meg. Things go wrong when Bruce grows suspicious of the two men's identities and mocks them, whereupon Critical Bill stabs Bruce in the throat. The commotion wakes up Meg, sleeping in the back of Bruce's van. Her appearance startles Pieces, who accidentally shoots her dead. The Man With The Plan is furious at the outcome of their botched mission. He informs Jimmy that he will allow him to live, as long as he leaves Denver, but his crew have been sentenced to "buckwheats" – to be assassinated in a gruesome and painful manner.Jimmy's friends come to terms with their impending deaths as they are stalked by a hit man, Mr. Shhh, who never fails. Pieces accepts his fate, with Mr. Shhh providing a quick death. Easy Wind goes into hiding with a gang lord called Baby Sinister but is given up after Mr. Shhh infiltrates and kills most of Sinister's entourage. Because Franchise has a family to raise, Jimmy pleads with The Man With The Plan to spare his life. The Man With The Plan agrees to Jimmy's terms but betrays him anyway by having Franchise killed. The betrayal makes Jimmy vengeful; in turn, Jimmy is also sentenced to die.Mr. Shhh finally locates Critical Bill holed up in his apartment, but is ambushed by Bill and the two end up killing each other. In the wake of Mr. Shhh's death, the contract on Jimmy falls to a trio of Mexican brothers. In his final hours, Jimmy says goodbye to Dagney, a young woman he had fallen in love with. Knowing that he will most likely be killed, Jimmy murders Bernard for all the misery he indirectly brought upon the group. He also impregnates Lucinda, a prostitute, in order to fulfill her wish of becoming a mother. In a pre-recorded Afterlife Advice video, Jimmy gives life advice to his unborn child. The trio of killers catches up to Jimmy and he takes his death gracefully. The Man With The Plan is seen mourning his son's death. Jimmy and his friends are then seen together having "boat drinks" in the afterlife.
545	Vampire in Brooklyn (1995)	Comedy, Romance	In Brooklyn, New York City, an abandoned, decrepit ship crashes into a dockyard. Ship inspector Silas Green discovers it is full of ravaged corpses and a wolf, which leaves the ship. His co-worker and nephew Julius Jones flees in terror, running into gangsters to whom he owes money. The wolf, in his true form as the powerful, millennia-old vampire Maximillian (Max), intervenes and is shot, but instantly heals from his injuries. After killing the gangsters, Max forces Julius to consume his blood, transforming him into a decaying, subservient ghoul. Seemingly the last of his kind, Max explains that a lone vampire is doomed and so he must find and fully transform the only known half-vampire woman to exist before the next full moon.Unaware of her vampire heritage, NYPD Detective Rita Veder is struggling with the recent death of her mentally ill mother and is tormented by unexplained visions which cause her colleagues to ostracize and mock her. As she and her partner, Detective Justice, investigate the ship murders, Max enacts his plan to isolate Rita by seducing and killing her roommate Nikki, and convincing her that Nikki and Justice, for whom she has romantic feelings, were having sex. Max uses his transformative powers to kill and take the guise of her preacher and a criminal, further guiding her down his intended path while causing her to distrust Justice. Max later saves Rita from being run over by a taxi and she agrees to have dinner with him. He magically gives Julius' dilapidated apartment a luxurious appearance and successfully enthralls Rita, tearing off her crucifix necklace and biting her.The next day, while investigating Julius's potential involvement in the ship murders, Justice learns that Rita spent the night with Max and is informed that Nikki's body has been found. Justice finds Rita in her apartment, having slept all day, and tells her that Nikki was found posed as in one of Rita's visions, suggesting they are prophetic. Rita reconciles with Justice but almost instinctually bites him before seeing her fading reflection in the mirror. She confronts Max about the changes occurring in her. Max reveals that Rita's vampire father had told him where to find her before his death at the hands of vampire hunters; his death was responsible for driving Rita's mother insane. Max encourages Rita to accept her transformation, demonstrating his vampiric abilities and reminding her that humans have mistreated her.Justice seeks help from vampire expert Dr. Zeko, who knew Rita's mother when she was researching the vampires of the Caribbean Islands and met Rita's father; Zeko explains that Rita's transformation will be irreversible if she feeds on human blood. Max takes Rita hunting but she refuses to drink a victim's blood, causing her to grow weak, and she seeks divine help at a graveyard. At Julius' apartment, Justice and Zeko intervene before Max can force her to drink Silas' blood. Max incapacitates Zeko and beats Justice, offering the almost fully transformed Rita his blood. Though tempted, and admitting the powerful connection between herself and Max, Rita refuses and impales Max through the heart, rejecting her vampiric half. Max's magic fades as his body turns to smoke and a bat-like spirit flies into the night. Rita is cured of her vampirism, recovers her necklace, and kisses Justice.Outside, the thoroughly decayed and rotting Julius finds Max's ring and puts it on, instantly transforming him into a fully healed and restored vampire. Acknowledging that Julius is in charge, Silas drives him away in Max's limo to parts unknown.
546	Broken Arrow (1996)	Action, Thriller	Major Vic "Deak" Deakins and Captain Riley Hale, pilots from Whiteman Air Force Base, are flying a stealth bomber with two B83 nuclear bombs on a secret exercise. Deakins suddenly attacks Hale and ejects him from the plane. He then jettisons the unarmed bombs, reports that Hale has gone rogue, and ejects, leaving the plane to crash in a national park in Utah.A USAF team is sent to find the missing warheads, and a "Broken Arrow" situation is declared. The team locates the warheads in a canyon, but is ambushed by mercenaries. Deakins arrives with Pritchett, the mercenaries' financier. They plan to blackmail the United States government with the threat of detonating the warhead in a populated area.Hale is arrested by park ranger Terry Carmichael, but he convinces her to help him track down Deakins. Deakins' mercenaries commandeer a search-and-rescue helicopter to kill Hale, but Hale and Carmichael bring it down, forcing Deakins' men to continue in Humvees.Hale and Carmichael carjack the Humvee carrying the warheads, escaping to a nearby abandoned copper mine. Hale starts to disable one warhead, but Deakins reveals via radio that he has programmed it so that Hale's attempts to disarm it will activate the bomb. Hale and Carmichael take the armed warhead down the shaft, where the mine is deep enough to contain the nuclear blast. Deakins's team arrives and secures the second warhead. After a gun battle deep in the mine, Deakins shortens the countdown of the armed warhead while leaving Hale and Carmichael trapped. They escape via an underground river just before the bomb detonates. The resulting nuclear electromagnetic pulse downs an approaching NEST helicopter, allowing Deakins to escape. Carmichael and Hale track the mercenaries to a motorboat used for transporting the warhead down the river. While trying to steal the boat, Carmichael is forced to hide onboard, while military forces rescue Hale.Hale deduces that Deakins intends to use a train to transport the warhead. Stowing away on the train, Carmichael tries to sabotage the warhead, but is caught by Deakins, who arms it. Catching up on a helicopter, Hale saves Carmichael before Deakins can kill her. A gunfight ensues, causing the helicopter to crash, with most of the mercenaries dying in the aftermath.Deakins has prepared a remote control that can either disarm or detonate the warhead and prepares to leave on his own getaway helicopter. Hale sabotages the helicopter's fuel pump, causing it to explode and leaving Deakins stranded with the ticking bomb. Deakins shortens the countdown timer out of spite. Hale sneaks up on him and engages in a gun battle with Deakins.Carmichael detaches the section of the train with the bomb, but gets into a shootout with the engineer. The engineer is killed and falls on the train brakes, allowing the detached boxcars to catch up. Deakins still has the remote detonator, so he forces Hale to drop his gun and challenges him to a fight. Hale overpowers Deakins, acquires the remote detonator, disarms the warhead, and leaps out of the train. Carmichael also jumps from the train before the detached boxcars catch up and collide. The hurtling warhead flies towards Deakins, who stands in the way of it, launching him into a stack of oil barrels, causing the train to derail and the barrels to explode, killing him.After the explosion, Hale and Carmichael embrace and formally introduce themselves for the first time.
547	Young Poisoner's Handbook, The (1995)	Crime	Graham Young has been obsessed with death and the macabre since childhood. He is highly intelligent, with an aptitude for chemistry. He also dreams of poisoning as many people as he can. In his teen years, he poisons a schoolmate—making him ill rather than killing him—in order to date a girl his schoolmate was seeing. His conversation with his date involves vivid, graphic descriptions of deadly car accidents. He also reads a comic book account of an event in which the Dutch Resistance killed a whole German army camp in the occupied Netherlands during the Second World War by poisoning their water supply with thallium.Graham is arrested at the age of 14 outside his home in Neasden after poisoning his father and stepmother with thallium, killing his stepmother and leaving his father seriously ill. During the struggle with police, he drops his "Exit Dose" of thallium, which he intended to use to commit suicide should he be caught. He is hospitalised for nine years in an institution for the criminally insane, during which time a psychiatrist works with him in the hopes of rehabilitating him.Graham's dishonesty becomes evident to the doctor, who can see that Graham is trying to deceive him. Graham apparently has no dreams to share with the psychiatrist so he "borrows" a fellow prisoner's dreams. This source is shut off to him, however, once the fellow prisoner commits suicide. Despite the initial evidence of Graham's deceitfulness, the doctor eventually gets him released.Graham then goes to work in a camera factory and is shown the secret ingredient used in the company's shutter system—thallium. It is not long before Graham starts poisoning people again. He kills two of his workmates by poisoning their tea with thallium stolen from the laboratory, and makes many others ill. For months, the source of the "bug" afflicting the workers at the factory remains a mystery until one unforeseen event leads to Graham's being found out. As a hygiene measure, all the personalised teacups are replaced with uniform ones, leaving Graham unable to poison people selectively. His efforts to memorise which cup is going to which person give him away and his workmates finally realise what is going on.Graham is arrested soon afterwards and he is later sentenced to a lengthy custodial term, this time in an ordinary prison. He commits suicide by poisoning himself with the "Newton's Diamond" he made in the psychiatric hospital.
548	NeverEnding Story III, The (1994)	Children's, Fantasy	In a prologue, the Old Man of Wandering Mountain reads from a large book, begins to record a prophecy of a day when "The Nasty" will arrive in Fantasia, and describes the savior of "Extraordinary Courage".Bastian Balthazar Bux is now 13 years old, and his father Barney has married a woman named Jane, and moved into her house in a new neighborhood. Jane's daughter Nicole is displeased at having a new family. Bastian has also started high school, where he has become a victim of the Nasties, a quintet of bullies led by Slip. Bastian arranges for them to be expelled with the help of the janitor after the Nasties trap him in the boiler room.He later flees to the library, where he is surprised to find Carl Conrad Coreander and The Neverending Story. The Nasties locate him, but he uses the book to escape to Fantasia, where he is reunited with Falkor, Engywook and Urgl. On Earth, the Nasties find The Neverending Story and use it to bombard Fantasia with fireballs and a storm. With wooden Bark Troll, Bastian and his friends head for the Wandering Mountains to speak with the Childlike Empress, who asks Bastian to find The Neverending Story using AURYN. Falkor, Barky, the gnomes, and Rockbiter's son, Junior, help him, but a "wish overload" scatters them all across Earth, where Barky ends up in a conifer forest, Falkor saves Junior from falling to his death near Mount Rushmore, and the gnomes arrive in Nome, Alaska. Bastian locates Falkor and Junior, and Falkor flies off to find the others while Junior stays at Bastian's house. Rockbiter sadly informs his wife that Junior is gone, and the Nasties provoke them to quarrel.Nicole takes AURYN from Bastian's room, discovers its wishing abilities, and takes it on a shopping trip to the local mall. Bark Troll arrives at Bastian's house disguised as a garden plant, while the Gnomes are mailed to him in a box. The reunited group go in search of Nicole, but the Nasties find AURYN first, whereupon giant crustacean creatures appear in Fantasia to kill the Empress and her advisors. Everyone in the mall turns evil, including Mr. Coreander and Bastian and Nicole's parents. Bastian is struck by lightning, and begins to succumb to the wills of the Nasties, but Nicole saves him, and Bastian recovers AURYN and the book in a fight. The Fantasians return to Fantasia, which is restored to its former magnificence. Bastian and Nicole manage to keep their parents from divorcing, and Junior is reunited with his parents. Nicole and Bastian return to school the next day and find that Bastian has changed Slip and the Nasties into friendly classmates, and Bastian returns The Neverending Story to Mr. Coreander.
549	Rob Roy (1995)	Drama, Romance, War	The film is set in Scotland, 1713, with a fictionalised Robert Roy MacGregor, of Clan MacGregor, as its main protagonist. Although providing the Lowland gentry with protection against cattle rustling, he barely manages to feed his people. Hoping to alleviate their hunger and his poverty, MacGregor borrows £1,000 from James Graham, Marquess of Montrose, to establish himself as a cattle raiser and trader.Wanting to leave England to flee legal troubles, his anglicized aristocrat relative Archibald Cunningham is sent to stay with Montrose. Cunningham is a supremely skilled swordsman, so Montrose makes money off Cunningham by making wagers on sword contests that Cunningham's haughty manner and effeminate bearing bring upon himself. Cunningham learns about MacGregor's money deal from Montrose's factor Killearn, and murders MacGregor's friend, Alan McDonald, to steal the money. MacGregor requests time from Montrose to find McDonald and the money. Montrose offers to waive the debt if MacGregor will testify falsely that Montrose's rival John Campbell, 2nd Duke of Argyll is a Jacobite. MacGregor refuses and Montrose vows to imprison him in the tolbooth until the debt is repaid. After MacGregor flees, Montrose seizes MacGregor's land to cover the debt, declaring him an outlaw and ordering Cunningham to bring him in "broken, but not dead". Redcoats slaughter MacGregor's cattle, burn his croft, and Cunningham rapes his wife Mary.Mary understands that Cunningham intends to flush her husband out of hiding and makes his brother, Alasdair, who arrives too late to save her, swear to conceal knowledge of the rape. MacGregor refuses to permit his clan to wage war on Montrose, and instead decrees to harm Montrose financially. Betty, a maidservant at Montrose's estate, has become pregnant with Cunningham's child. When Killearn tells Montrose, Betty is dismissed from service and rejected by Cunningham. Betty seeks refuge with the MacGregors, revealing that she overheard Killearn and Cunningham plot to steal the money. To build a case against Cunningham, MacGregor abducts Killearn and imprisons him upon Factor's Island in Loch Katrine. Mary promises Killearn that he will be spared if he testifies against Cunningham, but Killearn taunts her with her rape. Realizing that Mary is pregnant, he threatens to tell MacGregor that Cunningham may be the father if she does not release him, leading Mary and Alasdair to kill him.Montrose tells Cunningham that he suspects who really stole the money but does not care. Cunningham and the redcoats burn the Clan's crofts. MacGregor refuses to take the bait, but Alasdair attempts to snipe Cunningham and hits a redcoat. The redcoats shoot both Alasdair and another Clan member, Coll. Alasdair finally tells MacGregor about Mary's rape. Taken prisoner, MacGregor accuses Cunningham of murder, robbery and rape. Cunningham confirms the charges, and gleefully beats and tortures MacGregor. The following morning, Montrose orders MacGregor hanged from a nearby bridge. MacGregor loops the rope binding his hands around Cunningham's throat and then jumps off the bridge; he escapes when the rope is cut to save Cunningham.Mary gains an audience with the Duke of Argyll and exposes Montrose's plan to frame him. Moved by MacGregor's integrity, the Duke grants the family asylum on his estate at Glen Shira. MacGregor arrives, at first upset by Mary's unwillingness to inform him of her rape or her pregnancy but later willing to raise the child as his own. The Duke arranges a duel between MacGregor and Cunningham, wagering Montrose that if MacGregor lives, his debt will be forgiven and that if he dies, the Duke will pay his debt. Montrose agrees and Cunningham and MacGregor vow that no quarter will be asked or given. Armed with a light and swift small sword-like rapier, Cunningham repeatedly wounds MacGregor, who appears to quickly exhaust himself swinging a heavy broadsword. MacGregor seems defeated, but when Cunningham showboats to deliver a theatrical killing blow, MacGregor seizes his enemy's sword-point. As Cunningham struggles to free his blade, one stroke from MacGregor's broadsword splits Cunningham's torso. Now free of debts and with his honor intact, he returns home to his wife and children.
550	Die Hard: With a Vengeance (1995)	Action, Thriller	The Bonwit Teller department store in New York City is blown up by a bomb during the morning commute. A man identifying himself as "Simon" telephones the New York Police Department (NYPD) and claims responsibility. Making demands in the form of a 'Simon Says' game, he threatens to detonate another bomb unless Police Lieutenant John McClane is sent to Harlem wearing an intentionally provocative sandwich board with a racial slur written on the board. The NYPD comply and send McClane to Harlem, where he is confronted by an electrician and shop owner named Zeus Carver. McClane explains his situation before a group of gang members also confront McClane over his sign. Carver intervenes and saves McClane, and they escape in a taxi.They arrive at 1 Police Plaza, where Simon demands that the pair follow a timed challenge or he will set off more bombs. They agree and McClane eventually boards the 3 train heading towards the Wall Street station in order to defuse a bomb that Simon planted on it. Carver arrives at the station before McClane finds the bomb and throws it on the tracks just as it explodes. McClane and Carver regroup with the NYPD and meet some FBI and CIA agents, who initially inform the pair that Simon is "Peter Krieg", a mercenary and former colonel in the National People's Army. They then reveal that Krieg's real name is Simon Peter Gruber, the brother of Hans Gruber, whom McClane killed years earlier in Los Angeles.Simon then places another call to the NYPD, informing them that he has planted an explosive in one of the city's elementary schools which is set to explode once class ends and can be triggered by the same radio frequencies utilized by law enforcement. Simon offers to give the authorities the school's location if McClane and Carver follow another timed challenge, warning that he will detonate the explosive if any evacuation attempts are carried out. While the pair solve Simon's next challenge, the NYPD begin to search all elementary schools in the city. McClane realizes that Simon is attempting to distract the NYPD away from Wall Street, which has no schools, and travels to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York Building. He discovers that Simon's men have stolen $140 billion of gold bullion from its vault using dump trucks. He follows the trucks into the under-construction New York City Water Tunnel No. 3 while Carver continues Simon's challenges.Simon blows up a cofferdam to flood the tunnel, but McClane escapes and reunites with Carver. Surviving a car chase with Simon's men, the pair find all the men were carrying exactly enough money to pay a bridge toll. The pair sneak aboard a tanker docked in the Long Island Sound, but Simon's associates capture them and tie them up next to a bomb. Simon explains that his school threat was fake and broadcasts a message claiming that he is planning on destroying the tanker filled with the bullion to destabilize the Western world's economy. After he leaves, Carver and McClane free themselves and escape the tanker just before the bomb detonates. As McClane and Carver are debriefed by the NYPD, McClane informs them that none of the bullion Simon's men stole was in the tanker's cargo hold, having deduced that Simon had intended to keep all of it for himself, using his knowledge of the Gruber family's modus operandi.While attempting to place a call to his estranged wife Holly, McClane glances at a bottle of aspirin given to him by Simon onboard the tanker and notices that it was purchased at a truck stop in Quebec on the Canada–United States border. McClane informs the NYPD of his discovery, and joins them and Carver as they rush towards a warehouse near the truck stop where Simon and his men are redistributing the bullion and planning their escape. The rest of Simon's men are quickly apprehended by law enforcement personnel, though Simon and his girlfriend Katya attempt to escape in a helicopter, attacking McClane. McClane shoots at an overhead power line which falls onto the helicopter, causing it to crash and explode, killing Simon and Katya. While they are celebrating their triumph, Carver persuades McClane to place another call to Holly.
551	Lord of Illusions (1995)	Horror	In the Mojave Desert in 1982, a man named William Nix, also calling himself "The Puritan", has gathered a cult of disciples in an old house. Nix wields real magic and plans to sacrifice a girl, telling his followers he will save the world and grant them wisdom. A group of former cult members, including Philip Swann and Caspar Quaid, arrive to stop him. In the confrontation, Nix's assistant Butterfield escapes. Philip is attacked magically by Nix, but the kidnapped girl shoots Nix through the heart with Swann's gun, enabling the renegade cultists to overcome Nix. Swann fastens an ironwork mask over Nix's head in order to "bind" him and his power. They then bury him in an unmarked grave.Thirteen years later, in New York City, occult-specializing private detective Harry D'Amour has been shaken by an exorcism case. He accepts a case of insurance fraud in Los Angeles, hoping the experience will be akin to a paid vacation. During his investigation, D'Amour happens upon Quaid, now working as a fortune teller, being attacked by Butterfield and Ray Miller, a man possessing great strength. Butterfield and Miller escape. As he dies from multiple stab wounds, Quaid reads D'Amour's palm, seeing it is his destiny to "walk the line between Heaven and Hell." He warns that the Puritan is coming, then dies.Philip, now a famous stage illusionist, lives in a Beverly Hills mansion with his wife, Dorothea. Philip believes Quaid was killed by Nix's loyalists. Before he can leave Los Angeles, D'Amour is hired by Dorothea, who read about him in the newspaper story about Quaid and wants him to protect her husband. D'Amour agrees to investigate if Quaid's killers are targeting Phillip, and Dorothea invites him to his next magic show. A new illusion goes wrong, and Philip is killed on stage, stabbed by multiple swords. Investigating backstage, D'Amour is attacked by Butterfield and Miller, killing the latter in self-defense while Butterfield escapes. The next day, D'Amour goes to the Magic Castle. After getting into the Repository, a room supposedly containing every magic secret known to man, D'Amour discovers Philip's "illusions" involved real magic he learned from Nix.Dorothea reveals to D'Amour that she was the girl Nix kidnapped years ago, rescued by Philip and marrying him out of gratitude and obligation. Dorothea and D'Amour make love; afterwards, D'Amour is attacked by supernatural forces. Suspecting a ruse, D'Amour opens Philip's coffin and finds the body is fake. Valentin, Philip's assistant, explains that Philip faked his death to protect himself and Dorothea from Nix, who may return from the dead. D'Amour agrees to continue the ruse. At Philip's funeral, D'Amour follows a suspicious man who turns out to be Philip, who attacks D'Amour out of jealousy before admitting he masqueraded as an illusionist so he would be wealthy rather than hunted as a sorcerer. D'Amour convinces him that together, they can defeat the loyal cultists and Nix, if he is resurrected.Butterfield tortures Valentin for the location of Nix's body, then takes Dorothea hostage. After finding Nix's corpse, Butterfield stabs Valentin and takes the corpse back to the cult's house in the desert. Nix's loyalists (who had waited all this time and slaughtered their families before returning) are present as his iron bindings are removed, resurrecting him. Nix, now decayed and monstrous in appearance, promises to share his knowledge and power. Acting on information given by the dying Valentin, Swann and D'Amour arrive. Nix opens a deep chasm in the ground that swallows the cultists, declaring only Swann is worthy of his knowledge.Nix drops Dorothea into the chasm, but D'Amour rescues her and kills Butterfield. Nix reveals that his true purpose was never to save the world but to destroy it utterly. He offers Philip the opportunity to assist him, to which Philip reluctantly agrees but admits he still cares for Dorothea. Out of jealousy, Nix attacks with magic, apparently killing Philip. Dorothea finds D'Amour's gun and shoots Nix in his mystical third eye. He retaliates, saying she should not have taken Philip away because he and Nix were meant to be together after humanity was destroyed.Philip uses his last life energy and magic to help D'Amour deliver a final blow to Nix, then dies of his wounds. Nix falls to the bottom of the chasm and plunges into a pool of molten rock. After a somber moment, D'Amour senses something is rising from the chasm, so he and Dorothea flee the room. While burning in the pit, Nix manages to launch a final spell that disintegrates Philip's body to bones, and then seals the chasm. Dorothea and D'Amour escape the house and walk off into the desert together.
552	Species (1995)	Sci-Fi	During the SETI program, Earth's scientists send out transmissions, such as the Arecibo message, with information about Earth and its inhabitants in the hopes of finding life beyond Earth. After receiving transmissions from an alien source on how to create limitless fuel and an alien DNA sample with instructions on how to splice it with that of humans, the scientists assume the aliens are friendly. Inspired by the second transmission, a government team led by Xavier Fitch commissions a genetic experiment meant to create a female alien/human hybrid organism under the belief that she would have "more docile and controllable" traits. They eventually produce a girl codenamed "Sil", who initially resembles a normal human and develops into a 12-year-old in three months.Due to her violent outbursts while she is sleeping, the scientists deem her dangerous and prepare to kill her using cyanide gas, but she breaks out of her containment cell and escapes. Fearing she will mate with human males and produce offspring that will eventually exterminate the human race, the government assembles a team consisting of anthropologist Dr. Stephen Arden, molecular biologist Dr. Laura Baker, "empath" Dan Smithson, and black ops mercenary Preston "Press" Lennox to track and kill Sil. Using her superhuman strength and intelligence and regenerative capability to evade capture, Sil matures rapidly into her early twenties and travels to Los Angeles, where she kills several people to prevent them from alerting authorities and disguises herself.Press and Baker find Sil after she fails to mate with and kills Robbie, a diabetic young man, and John Carey, a man she met following a car crash. She assumes her alien form and flees into a nearby forest, where she kidnaps a woman to assume her identity. Secretly returning to Carey's home to spy on Fitch, Sil reads his lips and determines he and his team plan to stake out a nightclub to find her. After being spotted by Smithson, Sil lures her pursuers into a car chase wherein she leaves the woman she kidnapped to die while crashing the car into a high-voltage transformer and jumping out at the last minute. She later cuts and dyes her hair before developing an attraction towards Press, whom she dreamed of the previous night. Meanwhile, the government team celebrate Sil's apparent death at a hotel, where Sil stealthily stalks them; killing a maid to take the room keys. Arden, upset about being alone, goes to his room to find Sil waiting for him. They soon have sex, resulting in her instantly becoming pregnant before she kills him once he realizes who she is. Sensing her presence, Smithson alerts the remaining team members. Sil transforms once more and escapes into the sewers. The team pursue, but Sil kills Fitch before giving birth. Her offspring subsequently attacks Smithson, who incinerates it with a flamethrower while Press kills Sil with a grenade launcher. As the survivors leave, they fail to notice a rat gnawing on one of Sil's severed tentacles before mutating and killing another rat.
553	Walk in the Clouds, A (1995)	Drama, Romance	In 1945, after World War II, United States Army Sgt. Paul Sutton, a former candy salesman, returns to San Francisco to reunite with his wife, Betty, whom he married following a whirlwind courtship the day before he departed for the Pacific. The war has left him with emotional scars, and he experiences flashbacks on a regular basis.Paul's reunion with Betty is strained, especially after he discovers that, although he has written her “almost every day,” she stopped reading his letters after the first few and keeps the hundreds of unopened envelopes in a footlocker. He is determined to make a go of the marriage, however, and hopes to establish a new career for himself. She insists he continue to sell chocolates door-to-door, and he sets off to Sacramento. En route, he meets fellow train passenger Victoria Aragon, a graduate student whose Mexican American family owns a vineyard in the Napa Valley. When Victoria is accosted by two men on their bus to Sacramento, Paul intervenes and eventually beats up the men in self-defense. After the three men are kicked off the bus as a result, Paul finds a crying Victoria alone, further down the road. When he learns she is pregnant by her professor, Paul offers to introduce himself to her very traditionalist family as her husband.Victoria's father, Alberto, is infuriated, not only that she married a man below her social standing, but without his permission as well. Paul's initial plan to quietly slip away and continue on his journey, leaving her family to believe he abandoned her, is derailed when her grandfather, Don Pedro, encourages him to stay and help with the harvest. During the harvest, Paul (an orphan) grows closer to the family and learns the joys that come with their tradition, roots, and way of life. He and Victoria try to ignore their growing attraction and feelings for each other, but with little success. After a couple of days together, she finds the courage to ultimately come clean and reveal the truth to her family, further angering her father.Paul’s honor prompts him to attempt to salvage his marriage and return home, but when he does, he discovers Betty has long been having an affair with another man. She has applied for an annulment, to which he happily agrees, and returns to the Aragon estate to ask Victoria to marry him.When Paul returns, an argument with an angry and drunk Alberto leads to a disastrous fire which destroys the vineyard. However, Paul remembers one plant that may still have its roots intact, races off to retrieve it, and carries it to the family. The disaster, as well as Paul's bravery and dedication during it, has led to Alberto realizing his errors, and accepting Paul as one of his own, saying the roots of the plant are now officially Paul’s “roots.”  Victoria and Paul are married in the presence of the entire Aragon family, and all set out to replant and rebuild with the help of their newest member.
554	Waterworld (1995)	Action, Adventure	In 2500,  sea level rises have put every continent on Earth underwater. The remains of human civilization live on makeshift floating communities built out of scavenged materials known as atolls, having long forgotten about living on land. Rumors of a "Dryland" still exist, but it is considered a myth by most.The Mariner, a lone drifter, arrives at an atoll on his trimaran to trade dirt, a rare commodity, for supplies. When the locals see that the Mariner is a mutant, with gills and webbed feet, several accost him and he kills one in self-defense. As a result, the Mariner is sentenced to be drowned in a tank of organic sludge. While the Mariner is trapped in the tank, the atoll is attacked by the Smokers, a formidable pirate gang that has been systematically raiding and destroying atolls.Helen, a strong-willed atoll resident, tries to escape on a gas balloon dirigible with her young ward Enola and inventor Gregor. However, Gregor accidentally departs with only himself on board, stranding the two. She frees the Mariner on the condition he takes them with him. The Mariner skillfully fights his way out, damaging the Smokers' forces and causing an explosion that blinds its leader, Deacon, in one eye. The Mariner, Helen and Enola board the trimaran and escape. Following a brief skirmish with the Smoker's scout seaplane, the trio encounters a drifter suffering from cabin fever whom the Mariner kills after a trade gone awry, and a mutated shark the Mariner kills for food. Despite his initial reluctance and gruff attitude, the Mariner slowly warms up to his companions and has a bonding moment with Enola teaching her to swim.After evading a trap set by the Smokers, the Mariner confronts Helen about their unusual persistence. She admits they are after Enola, for the supposed directions to Dryland tattooed on her back and demands to know where the Mariner collected his dirt. He takes her in a jury-rigged diving bell and shows her the underwater remains of Denver, Colorado and the soil on the ocean's floor, crushing her belief in Dryland. When they surface, the pair find that the Smokers have caught up. They capture Enola and try to kill Helen and the Mariner before the two dive underwater. The Smokers set the trimaran on fire and leave.Sorting through the wreckage of his boat, the Mariner sees a collection of National Geographic magazines and compares their images to Enola's doodles, realizing she was drawing Dryland objects. Gregor, having spotted the smoke from his dirigible, finds Helen and the Mariner and takes them to a new makeshift atoll. The Mariner takes a captured Smoker's jet ski to chase down the Smokers' base of operations, the remains of the Exxon Valdez, where they manage to manufacture fuel, ammunition and cigarettes.Deacon's advisors struggle to decipher the tattoo. To keep his followers' minds off their dwindling resources, he bluffs that he has decoded the map on Enola's back and orders them back to their stations to row. The Mariner infiltrates the "'Dez" and confronts the Deacon, threatening to ignite the oil reserves in the hold unless Enola is returned. The Deacon calls the Mariner's bluff, knowing that it would destroy the ship, but to his shock, the Mariner drops a flare into the oil reservoir. The ship is engulfed in flames, and begins to sink. The Mariner rescues Enola, escaping via a rope from Gregor's balloon with Helen and the Atoll Enforcer aboard. The Deacon fires on the balloon, shaking Enola into the ocean. As the Deacon and some of his men converge on her, the Mariner makes an impromptu bungee jump from the balloon to grab Enola before the Deacon and his men collide on their jet-skis, inducing an explosion which kills the three.Gregor later identifies Enola's tattoo as coordinates with reversed directions. Following the map, the balloon party discover Dryland, covered with vegetation and wildlife. They also find a hut with the remains of Enola's parents. The Mariner, feeling that he does not belong on Dryland, takes an old wooden catamaran from the island and departs, as Helen and Enola bid him farewell.
555	White Man's Burden (1995)	Drama	At dinner, wealthy black CEO Thaddeus Thomas discusses white people and claims they are "genetically inferior" because their children grow up without fathers.Trying to improve himself, white candy factory worker Louis Pinnock offers to deliver a package to Thomas after his shift. Pinnock is let into the property by a white servant at the security gate point in front of the Thomas residence and accidentally views Thomas's wife naked through the window. Thomas notices and complains to the vice-president of the factory, during a dinner engagement at his house, that he would prefer a different delivery man instead of a "peeping Tom". Although Thomas does not suggest any form of punishment towards Pinnock, the VP "gets the message" and immediately fires Pinnock. Pinnock returns to the Thomas residence in an attempt to discuss the misunderstanding with Thomas, but because Thomas is in an important business meeting, he refuses and sends a message to Pinnock that he apologizes, but there is nothing that he can do to help him. Pinnock begs for two minutes of his time, but is turned away.Without any education, connections or advanced skills, Pinnock finds difficulty getting a job and is unable to support his family. The Pinnock family are awakened one early morning by the police and the landlord to enforce eviction; the family struggles to gather their important belongings as they vacate the premises. Pinnock's mother-in-law scolds him for failing as a man; she says there is not enough room for him at her house where his wife and two children are going.Pinnock's truck breaks down and he is forced to walk. At night, Pinnock is apprehended by the police who mistake him for a bank robber because "he fit the description". The people inside a bar come outside and shout at the police, demanding that they leave Pinnock alone. People gathering outside the bar begin throwing bottles at the police. Pinnock is beaten by the police but they are chased away by the angry mob.In a quest for justice, Pinnock kidnaps Thomas at gunpoint and demands a large sum of money that he believes is owed him for losing his job. After multiple failed attempts to withdraw the money, Pinnock holds Thomas hostage for the weekend and takes him through the ghetto where he lives. Thomas, however, remains unsympathetic to Pinnock and calls him a failure who blames the world for his problems. But Pinnock takes Thomas through the ghetto anyway into an abandoned building. Thomas alternates between enjoying some of the staples of ghetto life and having his eyes open to this world's racism. Thomas has a heart attack, and Pinnock performs CPR on Thomas who does not respond. Pinnock shoots a store's windows to get the police's attention to aid Thomas but is mistakenly shot and killed because the police assume he is armed.The chastened CEO visits Pinnock's grieving widow and offers her the money that Louis requested. She refuses it, and when Thomas awkwardly asks if she wants more, she bluntly says "And how much do you think would be enough?" and closes the door in his face.
556	Wild Bill (1995)	Western	At Wild Bill Hickok's funeral, his friend Charley Prince recalls Hickok's final days in Deadwood. Calamity Jane mourns him especially. In a flashback, Bill and his friend California Joe come upon an Indian burial structure with a lone warrior sitting atop it. Joe, who speaks the warrior's language, says that the warrior wishes to kill Bill in order to correct his streak of misfortunes. Despite Joe's warning that killing Indians "in a religious frame of mind" is bad luck, Bill shoots the man dead.Flashbacks show Bill, then a deputy U.S. marshal, killing several men in a saloon fight for knocking his hat off, before gunning down a group of soldiers after one purposely crushes his hat. While breaking up a riot, Bill gets too worked up and accidentally shoots a fellow lawman. He then retires from the law and works as an actor and trick shooter in Buffalo Bill's Wild West show. He eventually leaves the show after a medical examination uncovers symptoms of glaucoma, which will eventually leave him blind and unable to shoot properly.Eventually winding up in Cheyenne, a man named Will Plummer, whom Bill crippled two years earlier after killing his brother, calls him out. To "even the odds," Bill has some men tie him to a chair and carry him into the street. After Plummer refuses to back down, Bill outdraws and kills him. Bill and Charley travel to Deadwood, where he is greeted with fanfare. He reunites with Jane, and they go into a saloon. There, a young drifter named Jack McCall declares that he will be the man to kill Hickok. Jane and Bill's friends berate him and throw him into the street. Joe then begins telling an exaggerated tale of Bill's past exploits; Bill grows upset, leaves the saloon and goes to an opium den.After smoking, Bill has a disturbing dream about a time he and Joe were threatened by Indians after being caught shooting the tribe's buffalo. A woman who works at the den tells a local prostitute, Lurline, about how often Bill visits to use the opium, and she shares this information with Jack. Meanwhile, Bill and Jane share a bath, and argue because Bill will not explain his distant and unusual behavior.The next day a mob brings Jack to Bill; Jack tells Bill that he aims to kill him because Bill mistreated his mother, Susannah Moore. Despite Charley trying to apologize for Bill and the mob harassing him, Jack does not relent. That night, Jack is approached by other men who want Bill dead, and he agrees to hire them. Bill goes back to the den and reminisces about the night he met Susannah. It is revealed that when he left town for six months, Susannah married another man, who robbed Bill of his most prized possession: his gold pocket watch. Bill kills the man in self-defense, but Susannah is distraught, and a young Jack witnesses the killing.Jack sneaks into the den to ambush Bill while he's incapacitated, but the den owner attacks Jack and takes him away. Jack and his posse agree on a new plan as Bill continues to bemoan his bad luck. That night, he returns to the saloon, which is empty because a gold vein was discovered nearby, and everyone left to set up their claims. Jane walks in, and the two begin having sex. Jack and his posse enter the saloon and apprehend Jane, Bill, Joe, and Charley. Jack delays killing Bill because he isn't sure how he wants to do it.Bill has one final remembrance of visiting Susannah in a mental hospital who, despite his apologies, refuses his help. Jack offers to let Bill kill himself with a gun loaded with one bullet, but deliberately takes the last bullet out so Bill will be humiliated when he tries to shoot him. Regardless, Jack claims he has already killed Bill "in his heart," and the posse leaves after Charley intervenes. Jane retrieves Bill's guns, and he ambushes the posse as they saddle their horses, killing everyone except Jack. He tells Jack he is sparing him out of respect for his mother. Jack asks if he can have one last drink before leaving town, and they return to the saloon.In the bar, Joe resumes telling stories of Bill's antics. Jack pulls a hidden derringer from his sleeve, gathers his nerve, and shoots Bill in the back of the head. Back at his funeral, Charley says the whole town attended the funeral, and that he was honored to be Bill's friend.
557	Farinelli: il castrato (1994)	Drama, Musical	The prologue begins with Carlo Broschi, the famous castrato Farinelli, reminiscing about his childhood as a singer in the church choir. A newly castrated boy runs in and warns Carlo that his voice will result in death, then ends himself. Carlo is traumatized and refuses to sing a composition by his older brother Riccardo for his voice teacher, Nicola Porpora. He cries and runs to his father, who comforts him, but extracts a promise that he will never refuse his voice to his brother again. The film proper opens in Madrid, Spain, at the palace of King Philip V. Riccardo Broschi (Enrico Lo Verso) demands to see his brother Carlo (Stefano Dionisi), now known by his nickname, Farinelli. Carlo refuses him.The rest of the film is told in flashback. Eighteen years earlier, Carlo and Riccardo watched an itinerant trumpet player humiliate a young castrato. Angered, Carlo humiliates the trumpeter, to the delight of the crowd. Riccardo seduces a pretty lady in the crowd, using his brother as bait: Carlo begins to make love to her, then Riccardo steps in to complete the act. Meanwhile, George Frideric Händel (Jeroen Krabbé) has heard Farinelli sing from his carriage. He asks Carlo to come to Great Britain and perform, but Riccardo demands to be included. Handel sneers at Riccardo as a hack, humiliates Carlo as a freak, and leaves.Several years pass, and Carlo is now famous. He impresses the Comtesse Mauer (Marianne Basler), a beautiful and rich young woman more interested in books than opera. The brothers maintain their sexual accommodation: Carlo seduces the comtesse´s maid and Riccardo consummates the sex act. Carlo receives a letter from Handel, who wants to hear Carlo sing in Dresden. Carlo suddenly falls ill with a fever during which Riccardo repeats a story he has told Carlo since he was a child: Carlo had been injured in a fall from a horse, and the castration surgery was necessary to save his life. In Dresden, Handel meets Carlo just before the curtain rises and tells him the King George II wants him to sing. Unnerved by Handel's offer, Carlo faints on stage. A self-satisfied Handel departs; Carlo waits for him in vain.Carlo is soon invited to London by the young Alexandra Lerris (Elsa Zylberstein). Handel's Covent Garden opera house is bankrupting the nearby Opera of the Nobility, sponsored by the Prince of Wales and run by Carlo's old vocal teacher Porpora (Omero Antonutti). In London, Carlo and Riccardo meet Margareth Hunter (Caroline Cellier) and her crippled son Benedict (Renaud du Peloux de Saint Romain). Carlo proposes to her, but she refuses out of respect for her late husband. Carlo begins to realize that Riccardo's highly ornamented compositions lack true artistry; he covets Handel's operas and tries to impress him. Alexandra, who is in love with Carlo, steals some of Handel's music for Carlo to perform. The relationship between the two brothers deteriorates. Searching Riccardo's house for the stolen music, Handel confronts him and sabotages the relationship. Beguiled by Handel, Riccardo reveals (in a flashback-within-a-flashback) that Carlo was a superb singer as a child, and when their father died, the fear of losing that voice prompted him to drug Carlo and castrate him illegally, then promise to compose for him a great opera: "Orpheus."That evening, Handel meets with Farinelli backstage. He tells Farinelli the secret of his castration and allows him to sing the stolen music. Shocked and heartbroken, Carlo sings Handel's music (the aria Lascia ch'io pianga) so beautifully that Handel faints.The flashback ends. We learn that Carlo and Alexandra fled from Riccardo to the royal court of Spain, and has not sung in public since his triumph at the Opera of the Nobility three years earlier. Carlo has never forgiven Riccardo, but Alexandra, who understands the bond between the brothers, tries to reconcile them: she steals Riccardo's "Orpheus." Carlo sees that Riccardo has finally written the promised masterpiece, but still can't forgive. Carlo sings for King Philip during a solar eclipse. As Riccardo listens to Carlo sing, he is overwhelmed by guilt and the broken relationship, and attempts suicide by slashing his wrist. After falling unconscious from blood loss, he is brought to the house Carlo and Alexandra share, where he recovers. Carlo, realizing the atonement of his brother's actions, forgives Riccardo for castrating him. Together, the brothers make love to Alexandra. Some months pass. Alexandra is now pregnant with Riccardo's child, whom Carlo and Alexandra treat as their own. The film ends as Riccardo leaves Madrid to seek his fortune as a composer, taking comfort in the fact that in leaving Carlo with a child to father, he has given his brother back his "share of humanity."
558	Heavenly Creatures (1994)	Drama, Fantasy, Thriller	In 1952 Christchurch, Juliet Hulme, an affluent 13-year-old English girl, transfers to a new school and befriends Pauline Parker, a 14-year-old girl from a working-class family. Bonding over a shared history of severe childhood disease and isolating hospitalizations, they develop an intense friendship. Pauline admires Juliet's outspoken arrogance and beauty.Unlike the peaceful intellectual life Juliet shares with her family, Pauline's relationship with her mother, Honora, is hostile, and the two fight constantly. Pauline spends most of her time at the Hulmes', where she feels accepted.Together, Juliet and Pauline paint, write stories, make figurines, and eventually create a fantasy kingdom called Borovnia. It is the setting of the adventure novels they write together, which they hope to have published and made into films in Hollywood. Over time, it begins to be as real to them as the real world. Juliet introduces Pauline to the idea of "the Fourth World," a Heaven without Christians where music and art are celebrated. Juliet believes she will go there when she dies.During a day trip to Port Levy, Juliet's parents announce their plan to go on a trip together, leaving Juliet by herself. Hysterical at the prospect of being left alone, Juliet experiences the Fourth World for the first time, perceiving it as a land where all is beautiful and she is safe. She asks Pauline to come with her, and this world also becomes visible to Pauline. This shared spiritual vision confirms their Fourth World belief and begins to affect their perception of events in the everyday world.When Juliet is diagnosed with tuberculosis and sent to a clinic, she and Pauline begin writing to each other, not only as themselves but in the roles of the royal couple of Borovnia. During this time, Pauline has a sexual relationship with a lodger, making Juliet jealous. Their fantasy life becomes a useful escape from the real world, and the two engage in increasingly violent, even murderous, fantasies about people who oppress them. After Juliet is released from the clinic, their relationship intensifies. Wary of her attachment to Pauline, Juliet's father speaks to Pauline's parents, who take her to a doctor. The doctor suspects that Pauline is homosexual and uses it to explain her dramatic weight loss and increasing anger at her mother.Juliet's parents announce their intention to divorce and leave Christchurch, with Juliet to stay with a relative in South Africa. Increasingly distraught at the thought of separation, the two girls plan to run away together. When that plan becomes impossible, the two share a bathtub and talk about murdering Pauline's mother, seeing her as the primary obstacle to their being together.The two girls spend the last three weeks together at Juliet's house. At the end of that time, Pauline returns home, and the two finalize plans for the murder. Honora plans a trip for the three of them to Victoria Park. After having tea, the three walk on a path down a steep hillside. When Honora bends over to pick up a pink charm the girls have deliberately dropped, Juliet and Pauline bludgeon her to death with a broken piece of brick hidden in an old stocking.A textual epilogue reveals that Pauline and Juliet were arrested shortly after the murder, sentenced to five years in prison, as they were too young to face the death penalty, and released separately in 1959 on the condition that they never see each other again.
559	Interview with the Vampire (1994)	Drama, Horror	In 1994 San Francisco, reporter Daniel Molloy interviews Louis de Pointe du Lac, who claims to be a vampire, to Molloy's initial skepticism. Louis describes his human life as a wealthy plantation owner in 1791 Louisiana. Despondent following the death of his wife and unborn child, he drunkenly wanders the waterfront of New Orleans one night and is attacked by the vampire Lestat de Lioncourt. Lestat senses Louis' dissatisfaction with life and offers to turn him into a vampire. Louis accepts, but quickly comes to regret it. While Lestat revels in the hunt and killing of humans, Louis resists his instinct to kill to Lestat's annoyance, instead drinking animal blood to sustain himself.Eventually, amid an outbreak of plague in New Orleans, Louis feeds on a little girl whose mother died in the plague. To entice Louis to stay with him, Lestat turns the dying girl, Claudia, into a vampire. Together, they raise her as a daughter. Louis has a love for Claudia, while Lestat spoils and treats her more as a pupil, training her to become a merciless killer. Thirty years pass, and Claudia matures psychologically but remains a little girl in appearance and continues to be treated as such by Lestat. When she realizes that she will never grow older or become a mature woman, she is furious with Lestat and tells Louis that they should leave him. She tricks Lestat into drinking the "dead blood" of twin boys whom she killed by overdose with laudanum, which weakens Lestat, and then she slits his throat. Though Louis is shocked and upset, he helps Claudia dump Lestat's body in a swamp. They spend weeks planning a voyage to Europe to search for other vampires, but Lestat returns on the night of their departure, having survived on the blood of swamp creatures. Lestat attacks them, but Louis sets him on fire, causing the fire to spread throughout the French Quarters and allowing them to escape to their ship and depart.After traveling around Europe and the Mediterranean but finding no other vampires, Louis and Claudia settle in Paris in September 1870. Louis encounters vampires Santiago and Armand by chance. Armand invites Louis and Claudia to his coven, the Théâtre des Vampires, where vampires stage theatrical horror shows for humans. On their way out of the theater, Santiago reads Louis' mind and suspects that Louis and Claudia murdered Lestat. Armand warns Louis to send Claudia away for her own safety, and Louis stays with Armand to learn about the meaning of being a vampire. Claudia demands that Louis turn a human woman, Madeleine, into a vampire to be her new protector and companion, and he reluctantly complies. Shortly thereafter, the Parisian vampires abduct the three of them and punish them for Lestat's murder, imprisoning Louis in an iron coffin to starve to death slowly and trapping Claudia and Madeleine in a chamber, where sunlight burns them to ash. Armand does nothing to prevent this, but the next day he frees Louis. Seeking revenge, Louis returns to the theater at dawn and sets it on fire; killing all the vampires, including Santiago. Armand arrives in time to help Louis escape the sunrise, and again offers him a place by his side. Louis rejects Armand and leaves, unable to accept his way of life along with his unpredictable nature; also knowing Armand had allowed Claudia's murder.As decades pass, Louis never recovers from the loss of Claudia and dejectedly explores the world alone. He returns to New Orleans in 1988 and one night encounters a decayed, weakened Lestat, living as a recluse in an abandoned mansion and surviving on rat blood as Louis once had. Lestat expresses regret for having turned Claudia into a vampire and asks Louis to rejoin him, but Louis declines and leaves. Louis concludes his interview with Molloy, prompting Molloy to beseech Louis to make him his new vampire companion. Louis is outraged that Molloy has not understood the tale of suffering he has related and attacks Molloy to scare him into abandoning the idea. Molloy runs to his car and takes off while playing the cassette tapes of Louis' interview. On the Golden Gate Bridge, Lestat appears and attacks Molloy, taking control of the car. Revived by Molloy's blood, Lestat offers him the choice that Lestat "never had"—whether or not to become a vampire—and, laughing, continues driving.
560	Kid in King Arthur's Court, A (1995)	Adventure, Children's, Comedy, Fantasy, Romance, Sci-Fi	In the Los Angeles suburb of Reseda, 14-year-old Calvin Fuller is at a baseball game, standing at bat for his team, the Knights, ready for yet another strike out. Suddenly an earthquake hits; as the others run for safety, the ground opens up under Calvin's shoes and he falls through the chasm. He eventually lands on the head of a 6th-century black knight. Upon hearing of his miraculous appearance, the elderly King Arthur, seeing him as the savior whose appearance Merlin has predicted, dubs him "Calvin of Reseda" and invites him to dine with the court.Calvin begins his knight training under Arthur's top knight, Sir Kane, to help Arthur retain his crown. When the earthquake hit, Calvin had just grabbed his knapsack, a fact that enables him to dazzle the people of Camelot with his futuristic "magic", including an introduction to rock and roll via CD player, a Swiss Army knife, and inline roller skates. His work wins him adulation and renown, but it also rouses the jealousy and disdain of Arthur’s advisor Lord Belasco, who is secretly scheming to take over the throne. Meanwhile, Calvin finds himself spending time and developing a crush on young Princess Katey, while her elder sister, Sarah, is secretly in love with Sir Kane. Belasco moves forward with his plans and kidnaps Katey and tries to frame Calvin for murder and tells Sarah that if she does not marry him, Katey will die. As Belasco is about to arrest Calvin, Sarah rescues him, tells him Katey is alive and to find her father and show him the proof. Calvin goes to Arthur and shows the proof of Belasco's scheme. Playing along, Arthur misdirects the knights and helps Calvin escape and they disguise themselves to go rescue Katey.Walking amongst the people, Calvin tells Arthur that Belasco has been stealing from them for years and they think Arthur does not care about them, and Arthur vows to be a better king. Calvin and Arthur find the castle Katey is being held captive; during the fight, Calvin renews Arthur's will to fight by giving him Excalibur (gifted to Calvin by Merlin). They release Katey, but Belasco' second-in-command, Richard, kidnaps her again and holds her hostage over the moat. Calvin uses a laser pointer from his CD player to blind Richard, causing him to fall and save Katey. Arthur knights Calvin as a Knight of the Round Table and arrive back in Camelot to stop Belasco from forcing Sarah into marriage. To take Belasco down for good, Arthur holds a jousting tournament for Sarah's hand.During the tournament, Sir Kane defeats all the opponents and just him and Belasco are in the finals. Belasco uses a magnifying crystal to use the sunlight to beam it into Kane's eyes and nearly knock him out. Sarah runs off in anger and Calvin asks Arthur to stall Belasco. Belasco is close to declaring his victory if Kane does not return, but Kane does return and faces him in another joust; Belasco knocks Kane's helmet off, but the now headless Kane still jousts and makes a comeback victory by knocking Belasco off his horse. However, it is not Kane, but Calvin, who pokes his head out from the large armor. Belasco pulls Calvin off the horse and tries to kill him, but the black knight that Calvin encountered earlier appears and ambushes Belasco, saving Calvin. Forfeiting his victory to the black knight, Calvin, Arthur, and all of Camelot are surprised to see the knight is Sarah herself; an astounded but happy Arthur rewards his daughter with the right to choose her own hand in marriage, and she proudly chooses Kane. Belasco is banished from Camelot forever.Now that he has helped Arthur keep the Crown, Calvin has Merlin uphold his end of the bargain and send him home, and he sadly bids Arthur and Katey farewell. He is returned to the 20th century just before the moment when he struck out. Once he steps up to the plate, this time, he is ready and hits a home run. He is greeted by his teammates, including Katey, and is looked on by Arthur, who is whittling a piece of wood with a pocketknife – the same knife Calvin gave to him. The ball meanwhile sails into a chasm where Merlin catches Calvin’s home run and then breaks the fourth wall by stating "Taught the kid everything he knows."
561	Mary Shelley's Frankenstein (1994)	Drama, Horror	In 1794, Captain Walton leads an expedition to the North Pole. While their ship is trapped in ice, a frightening noise is heard and a cloaked man emerges from the mist, telling the crew to follow him with their weapons. The dogs run toward the noise but are killed by its source. Walton is determined to continue the expedition; the newcomer asks, "Do you share my madness?". He reveals that his name is Victor Frankenstein and tells his life story (in flashback).Victor grows up with his adopted sister Elizabeth Lavenza. Victor's mother dies giving birth to his brother William, and Victor vows on her grave to find a way to conquer death. Victor and his friend Henry Clerval study medicine at the University of Ingolstadt under professor Shmael Augustus Waldman, whose notes contain information on creating life. Waldman warns Victor not to use them lest he create an abomination.While inoculating people for smallpox, Waldman is murdered by a patient who is subsequently hanged. Using the killer's body and Waldman's brain, Victor builds a creature based on Waldman's notes. He becomes so obsessed with his work that he drives Elizabeth away when she comes to take him from Ingolstadt, which is being quarantined amid a cholera epidemic. Victor gives his creation life, but is horrified by the creature's hideous appearance and tries to kill him. The creature steals Victor's coat and flees, and is driven away by the townspeople when he tries to steal food.The creature shelters for months in a family's barn without their knowledge, learning to read and speak by watching them. He attempts to earn their trust by anonymously tending to their land and bringing them food, and eventually converses with the elderly, blind patriarch after murdering an abusive debt collector. When the man's family returns, they are terrified and chase the creature away. The creature finds Victor's journal and learns the circumstances of his creation. After returning to the farmhouse, he discovers that the family has abandoned it. He burns down the farm and vows revenge on Victor for bringing him into a world that hates him.Returning to Geneva to marry Elizabeth, Victor learns that his younger brother William has been murdered. The Frankensteins' servant Justine is blamed and hanged by a violent mob. The creature makes his survival known to Victor and soon abducts him, demands the creation of a female companion for him, promising in return to leave Victor and humanity in peace. Victor gathers his tools, but when the creature insists that he use Justine's body, Victor breaks his promise. The creature exacts revenge on Victor by killing his father and during Victor’s wedding night, breaking into Elizabeth's bridal suite and ripping out her heart.Victor races to bring Elizabeth back to life. He stitches her head and hands onto Justine's body, and reanimates her as a disfigured, mindless shadow of her former self. The creature appears and demands Elizabeth as his bride. Victor and the creature fight, but Elizabeth, realizing what has been done to her, ends her existence by setting herself on fire. Victor and the creature escape as the mansion burns.Back in the Arctic, Victor tells Walton that he has been pursuing his creation for months to kill him. Victor dies of pneumonia, and Walton discovers the creature weeping over Victor's body, having lost the only family that he has known. The crew prepares a funeral pyre, but this cremation ceremony is interrupted when the ice around the ship cracks. Walton invites the creature onto the ship, but the creature chooses to remain with the pyre. He takes the torch and burns himself alive with Victor's body. Walton orders the ship to return home.
562	Quick and the Dead, The (1995)	Action, Adventure, Western	In 1881, a gunslinger known as "The Lady" arrives in the Old West town of Redemption, which is ruled by a ruthless outlaw-turned-mayor named John Herod. Herod has announced a fast-draw single-elimination shooting tournament with a large cash prize for the winner. The rules stipulate that any contestant may challenge any other, no challenge can be refused, every contestant must fight once per day, and a fight continues until one contestant either yields or dies. The Lady announces her participation, insisting that she is only interested in the prize.During the sign-up, Herod's henchmen arrive with Cort, an exceptionally skilled gunfighter and a former member of their gang. Cort has renounced violence to become a preacher and refuses to participate in the tournament. Herod's men attempt to lynch him, but The Lady shoots through the rope, freeing him. The Lady meets "The Kid", a brash young man who believes Herod is his father and hopes to earn his respect by winning the tournament. She wakes up alone in The Kid's bed, and notices some barrels of loose dynamite under it. In the first round, Herod kills Ace Hanlon, a braggart who took credit for some of Herod's kills as an outlaw. The Kid and The Lady easily defeat their opponents. Herod buys a cheap gun for Cort from The Kid and declares that he can only have one bullet at a time, to prevent him from shooting his way out of town. Despite his conversion, Cort reflexively draws when challenged and wins his first-round duel.Before the second round, Herod meets with Clay Cantrell, a professional gunfighter hired by the townspeople to kill him. Herod then declares that all duels are now to the death and kills Cantrell. The Kid wins his second fight. Later, The Lady faces off with Eugene Dred after he molests the saloon owner's young daughter, eventually killing him. Upset, she rides out of town.Meanwhile, Cort duels a Native American gunslinger, Spotted Horse, but fails to kill him with the first shot and only finishes him off with a second bullet thrown by a spectator. Doc Wallace finds The Lady at a nearby cemetery and tells her that he recognizes her and knows why she is there. Flashbacks reveal that the Lady's real name is Ellen McKenzie. Her father was the marshal in Redemption until Herod's gang invaded and lynched him. Herod gave Ellen a pistol and three shots to try to break the rope, but she accidentally killed her father, after which she fled town. Doc hands Ellen her father's old badge and persuades her to help rid the town of Herod.The following day, Ellen challenges Herod, but he has already accepted a challenge from The Kid. As Ellen and Cort are the only fighters left, Herod orders them to fight, threatening to kill them himself if they refuse. Herod urges The Kid to withdraw, but he refuses. He wounds Herod, but is fatally shot himself. Herod coldly refuses to take his  hand as he dies, and afterward says it was never proven that he was The Kid's father. When Cort and Ellen face off, Cort draws and fires on her, and Doc declares Ellen dead. Cort angrily demands to fight Herod immediately, but settles for dawn of the next day. That night, one of Herod's men breaks Cort's right hand. The next morning, Herod rebukes the henchman and kills him for harming Cort. Herod confesses that he is afraid of Cort, which is why he forced him to enter the tournament. As a matter of honor, he offers to fight Cort left-handed, but still instructs his henchmen to kill Cort if he wins. At the moment Herod draws, several buildings explode, including Herod's house and the clock tower. Ellen emerges from the smoke and flames, having faked her death and planted The Kid's dynamite with help from Cort and Doc. Cort kills Herod's remaining henchmen while Ellen faces off against Herod, revealing her identity by throwing her father's badge at his feet. Herod wounds Ellen, but she shoots him through the chest and finishes him off with a bullet to the eye. She tosses the badge to Cort and rides away, leaving him in charge of bringing law and order back to Redemption.
563	Stephen King's The Langoliers (1995)	Horror	During a red-eye flight from Los Angeles to Boston, several passengers awaken to find that the rest have disappeared, leaving behind personal belongings and even surgical implants. Those remaining are pilot Brian Engle (deadheading on the flight), MI6 assassin Nick Hopewell, schoolteacher Laurel Stevenson, tool and die worker Don Gaffney, violinist Albert Kaussner, troubled teen Bethany Sims, mystery author Bob Jenkins, blind girl Dinah Bellman, sleepy businessman Rudy Warwick, and Type A bond trader Craig Toomy. Brian and Nick find the cockpit empty and Brian takes the controls. Craig demands an explanation and then has a psychotic episode that enables Dinah, a telepath, to enter his thoughts.After failing to establish communication with either air traffic control or other flights, Brian redirects the flight from Boston to Bangor, Maine, angering Craig, who insists he must attend an important business meeting. The group finds the airport deserted and without power. They soon discover that everything around them is dull and lifeless, with matches failing to light, sounds lacking echo, and food having no taste. Dinah reports hearing a strange crackling sound in the distance, while Bob deduces that the plane passed through a time rip, sending them to a past moment empty of people and energy. Craig, experiencing hallucinations of his abusive father, finds a gun in an airport locker and takes Bethany hostage. Albert counterattacks and is shot, but the bullet falls harmlessly to the ground. Nick ties Craig's arms and says that they must find a way to leave before the source of the noise arrives. While restrained, Craig tells Dinah that his father warned him about the Langoliers, monsters that chase and eat lazy children.Albert discovers that "present time" is still on the plane, and objects brought from the airport regain normal behavior after a short time on board. He reasons that if they refuel the plane, the jet fuel will regain potency. Craig escapes his restraints and stabs Dinah and Don, killing the latter, before Albert knocks him unconscious. Dinah receives first aid and is brought onto the plane, telling Nick that Craig must not be killed. Brian refuels the plane and Dinah creates a vision of Craig's meeting in Boston to lure him to the tarmac. The origin of the noise is finally revealed when saw-toothed monsters appear, devouring everything in sight. Craig recognizes them as the Langoliers and flees in terror, drawing them away from the plane, until they catch up and eat him. The other passengers board and the plane takes off while the Langoliers consume every trace of the past.Dinah succumbs to her wound on the plane. As the flight approaches the time rip, Bob realizes that they cannot go through it while conscious. Brian can lower the cabin pressure to put them to sleep, but someone must restore pressure at the last moment. Nick, seeing an opportunity for redemption, volunteers to do so and vanishes as the plane passes through the rip. Brian awakens shortly after to land the plane in Los Angeles. Upon landing, the passengers find that the airport is vibrant but again empty. They conclude that they have arrived a few minutes into the future and wait for other people to blur into view, then take a joyful walk outside.
564	Tales from the Hood (1995)	Comedy, Horror	=== "Welcome to My Mortuary" (prologue) ===Drug dealers Stack, Ball, and Bulldog arrive at Simms' Funeral Home to purchase some drugs from Mr. Simms, the mortuary's eccentric owner.Mr. Simms claims that he found the drugs in an alley, and has safely stored them in his mortuary. He asks the dealers to help him get the drugs, and as the four make their way through the building, relates stories about some of the dead bodies in the funeral home. The first casket contains the body of Clarence Smith, a man who was rumored to have heard voices of the dead calling his name.=== "Rogue Cop Revelation" ===During his first night on the job, young black police officer Clarence Smith is taken by his new white partner, Newton Hauser, to the scene of what initially appears to be a routine traffic stop of a well-dressed black man by two white cops. When Smith runs the car's license plates, he learns that the man is in fact Martin Ezekiel Moorehouse, a city councilman and black rights activist who has recently been on a crusade to eliminate police corruption in the city. Smith watches in horror as Hauser and his fellow police officers Billy Crumfield and Strom Richmond brutally beat Moorehouse with their nightsticks and vandalize his car. When Smith insists that Moorehouse should be taken to a hospital, the officers appear to agree. Smith tells Hauser that Crumfield and Richmond should be reported for what they did, but Hauser tells Smith that officers are not to break "the code" and rat each other out. Smith and Hauser leave in their car. Richmond and Crumfield don't take Moorehouse to the hospital. Instead, they drive Moorehouse's car to the docks. Richmond shoots the battered Moorehouse up with some of the heroin that he, Hauser, and Crumfield have been dealing, plants some in his car, then pushes it into the water with Moorehouse still inside. Moorehouse is posthumously and falsely labeled a hypocrite.One year later, Smith has left the police force and is now a guilt-consumed drunk. On a walk in his neighborhood, he sees a mural of Moorehouse. Smith then has a vision of a crucified Moorehouse haunting him with the words "Bring them to me!" In response, Smith convinces the three police officers to meet him at Moorehouse's grave on the anniversary of the murder. Once there, Smith denounces the officers for killing Moorehouse and destroying his reputation. The officers begin to insult Moorehouse, with Richmond urinating on Moorehouse's grave and then ordering Crumfield to do the same thing. As Hauser and Richmond prepare to kill Smith, a zombified Moorehouse bursts from the grave to drag Crumfield beneath the ground by his genitals. Moorehouse's coffin bursts from the ground, opening to reveal Crumfield's mutilated corpse, with Moorehouse's zombie standing above the grave, clutching Crumfield's still-beating heart.Richmond and Hauser open fire on Moorehouse, but the bullets have no effect, prompting them to flee in horror. A lengthy chase ensues, with the two cops fleeing by patrol car. As Hauser is driving the vehicle, Moorehouse jumps on top of the vehicle and decapitates Richmond with his bare hands. Terrified, Hauser exits his vehicle and shoots its gas tank, though the ensuing explosion doesn't rid him of Moorehouse. Moorehouse then chases Hauser into an alley, where he telekinetically throws used hypodermic needles into the cop's body, pinning him to Moorehouse's wall mural. Hauser's body melts into the mural, becoming a painting of himself crucified.His vengeance nearly complete, Moorehouse accosts Smith, asking him why he did not help him when he was being beaten. The story ends with Smith in a mental hospital. Two orderlies outside his cell mention that he killed the officers and that he used to be a police officer himself. Moorehouse is never mentioned.=== "Welcome to My Mortuary" (wraparound #1) ===Stack, Ball, and Bulldog think Mr. Simms is crazy after hearing the story. After looking into another casket, the contents of which are not seen, Mr. Simms tells them a story about a boy named Walter.=== "Boys Do Get Bruised" ===Walter Johnson is a quiet and sensitive boy who transfers to a new school one day with bruises around his cheek and eye. Walter's caring teacher Richard Garvey notices the bruises and talks to Walter. He initially thinks that the school bully Tyrone gave him the bruises. Although Tyrone has bullied Walter, Walter claims that the bruises came after he was attacked by a monster. A few days later, he shows up with a bruised arm. While the other children play, Walter sits inside and draws pictures of Tyrone and the monster. Walter explains to Garvey that he can overcome something he doesn't like, such as the monster he keeps talking about, by destroying an image of it. After Garvey leaves, Walter crumples up the drawing of Tyrone, causing the real Tyrone to suffer spontaneous injuries.Later that night, Garvey visits Walter's home and asks Walter's mother Sissy about the monster. Sissy claims that Walter's injuries are the result of his own clumsiness. She then tells Walter not to reveal anything about the monster to anyone else. Sissy's domineering boyfriend Carl comes home. Mr. Garvey eventually leaves. Seen through Walter's imagination, it is revealed that Carl is, in actuality, the "monster". Thinking that Walter is mocking him by drawing him as a monster, Carl begins to attack Walter and then hits and whips Sissy with a belt when she intervenes.Garvey turns around to check on Walter and sees Carl beating Sissy through the window. Garvey runs into the house and begins to fight Carl. In a long fight sequence, Carl knocks out Garvey and almost kills a valiant Sissy. With Carl's attention elsewhere, Walter grabs a drawing he made of the monster, and begins to fold and crumple it. Carl's body crumples and collapses in a similar fashion. Sissy stomps on the wadded-up paper to kill Carl. Finally, Garvey gives the paper to Walter, who burns it. Sissy and Walter look on, relieved, as Carl's body is burned.=== "Welcome to My Mortuary" (wraparound #2) ===Back in Simms' Funeral Home, Carl's burnt and mangled corpse is revealed to be inside the coffin. The gangsters close the casket, causing a doll to fall off a nearby shelf. For his next story, Mr. Simms shows them the doll, mentioning that he originally found it in a home in the Southern United States. Simms explains that it is not an ordinary doll, but a vessel for a lost soul.=== "KKK Comeuppance" ===Duke Metger is an obnoxious and highly racist Southern senator and a one-time member of the Ku Klux Klan who is currently running for governor. The senator is in his office filming a campaign commercial when he sees protesters outside the office. Jewish and African-American groups have teamed up to protest against Metger for being a racist, a former Klansman, and for setting up his office at an old slave plantation previously owned by his ancestor, Nathan Wilkes. One individual, Eli, tells the reporter that the plantation is haunted by dolls animated by the souls of Wilkes's previously tortured slaves, warning the news crews and everyone else at the scene that it is not a myth.Meanwhile, Metger also discusses the myth of the tortured slaves with his African-American "image-maker" assistant Rhodie Willis. Metger explains how Wilkes, upon hearing that his slaves would be freed at the end of the Civil War, flew into a murderous rage and massacred all of them. The two notice a large painting of Miss Cobbs, the hoodoo witch who transferred the slaves' souls inside a number of small dolls that she created, surrounded by the dolls themselves, which Metger refers to as "Negro dolls". According to legend, the dolls are supposedly still in the house. One of the dolls is seen under the floorboard as Rhodie leaves. While Metger and Rhodie are working on Metger's media skills, Rhodie suddenly stumbles and falls down the stairs to his death. At the funeral, Eli warns Metger to leave the house before he ends up like Rhodie. In the limo after Rhodie's funeral, Metger notices the doll and orders his driver to pull over so he can throw the doll out the window and into the street.Later, Metger re-watches Rhodie's footage and realizes that he died because he tripped over the doll. After noticing a blank spot on the painting, Metger comes in contact with the little doll itself, now animated, and has a fight with it. Metger is injured, but he manages to stop the doll by beating it with an American Flag. He also damages the painting with the flag, which starts to bleed. Metger takes the doll outside to his porch and ties it to a dart board. He then blasts the doll with his shotgun, and goes back inside to rant at the painting.In the midst of his latest racist rant, Metger realizes more doll images in the painting have faded to white. Metger finds the previously blasted doll in the hallway, which attacks again and chases Metger into his office. Metger manages to lock the doll outside but sees that the painting has all the doll images faded to white. Terrified, Metger turns around to see an army of dolls, led by the same doll he blasted. He covers himself in the American flag as the dolls converge and devour him. Miss Cobbs then disappears from the painting and manifests herself in the room, holding the first doll in her arms, satisfied at the carnage taking place before them.=== "Welcome to My Mortuary" (wraparound #3) ===The dealers have grown impatient and ready for the drugs, not wanting to listen to any more of Mr. Simms's strange stories. Ball notices a corpse in another room, and alerts the others to come and see it. When Simms asks them if they knew the man inside the casket, Bulldog says that he was just someone they had seen around their neighborhood. Mr. Simms proceeds to explain the final moments of the man known as Crazy K.=== "Hard-Core Convert" ===Jerome "Crazy K" Johns is a hardened gangster and homicidal psychopath who has killed many people mercilessly. He is driving down the streets when he encounters his rival Lil' Deke whom he pursues and guns down. In retaliation, Lil' Deke's associates shoot at Crazy K. Before they can finish him off, the police arrive at the scene and gun down the attackers. Crazy K, badly injured but still alive, is arrested and sent to prison, serving a life sentence without parole.Four years later, Dr. Cushing arrives at Crazy K's prison cell and transfers him to her facility for an experimental trial, mentioning that he'll be released from prison if he agrees to it and completes it. Crazy K meets an inmate who happens to be a homicidal white supremacist that raves about killing black people and the end of days for blacks. This angers Crazy K and causes him to punch him in the face. The man then asks Crazy K the race of the victims he killed, silencing Crazy K. The man grows fond of him and he tells him that there will be a few black people who will be spared as long as they think like him. Crazy K is told by Dr. Cushing that she purposely put him there to meet someone who is just like him. She then tells him that she has been hired by the government to administer a rehabilitation process on Crazy K, in hopes that he will change his ways. If he fails to redeem himself, he is told that he will rot in solitary confinement for the rest of his life.Crazy K is put through a process of torture to make him learn the consequences of his actions. First, his hair (with a "K" cut into the front) is shaved off. He is then loaded onto a gyroscopic modulator, forced to visualize images involving KKK members and actual photographs of lynching victims, interspersed with grisly, stylized footage of gang violence and his own actions. Dr. Cushing expounds on the fact that Crazy K killed many innocent black people without remorse or second thought.For the next part of the trial, Crazy K is put into a sensory deprivation chamber, where he is confronted by the souls of the people he has killed, intentionally or otherwise, including his friends and an innocent little girl. Despite hinting at his own personal abuse in his childhood, Crazy K refuses to accept any responsibility for his crimes, and Dr. Cushing tearfully warns him that he won't get another chance for forgiveness. Having refused the one opportunity to redeem himself, Crazy K is transported back to the moment when he was shot (revealing the whole sequence to have been a dream or hallucination). This time, he is finished off by the three gunmen, who leave his corpse abandoned in the street.=== "Welcome to My Mortuary" (epilogue) ===Following the telling of Crazy K's story, Stack, Ball, and Bulldog are revealed to be Crazy K's killers. In a heated turn of events, the dealers, having grown hostile with Simms and unnerved by the revelation that he knows their crime, threaten Simms, telling him he will be killed unless he gives them their drugs. Simms leads them deeper into the funeral home and tells them their "reward" is in three closed caskets. Each drug dealer finds that the casket he opens contains their own corpse, revealing that they were dead all this time.After disarming them, Simms explains that after the murder of Crazy K, they were killed by Crazy K's associates as retaliation (although in the story, they were shot and killed by the police, which is eventually proven false by Crazy K's death and Mr. Simms's confirmation). Bulldog asks Simms how they can be dead when they are all seemingly alive, together in the same funeral home. Simms tells them that the funeral home is actually Hell and he morphs himself into Satan. The drug dealers scream in horror as the walls of the funeral home shatter to reveal an inferno that consumes them. They are left to burn with all the tortured souls while Satan laughs.
565	Village of the Damned (1995)	Horror, Thriller	The people and animals of the sleepy coastal town of Midwich in Marin County, California fall asleep at a 10 AM "blackout" and regain consciousness at 4 PM. Following the blackout, ten women of child-bearing age mysteriously fall pregnant, including Melanie Roberts, a virgin girl and Callie Blum, a married woman who has not been sexually active for a year due to her husband Ben being away for work in Tokyo. None of them seek abortions after having dreams, and all the babies are born the same night in a barn – five boys and five girls, though Melanie's daughter is stillborn due to umbilical cord asphyxia. The surviving children are healthy but have pale skin, white-blonde hair, cobalt eyes, and fierce intellect.However, the children do not appear to possess a conscience or individual personalities. They display eerie psychic powers that can result in violent and deadly consequences whenever they experience pain or provocation. The children soon "pair off" like mates, except for David, whose intended mate was the stillborn girl. As a result, David is the outcast of the group. Although he retains some degree of psychic powers, he also has the ability to show human compassion. He talks to his mother, Jill McGowan, the school principal, and begins to understand his situation. The children's leader is Mara Chaffee, the daughter of the physician, Dr. Alan, and his wife, Barbara. As a baby, Mara used her powers to force Barbara to commit suicide by jumping off a cliff.The children develop a bad reputation in town after causing several injurious and fatal "accidents" to townsfolk, and eventually move to their classroom at a local barn for survival. Local priest Father George attempts to shoot them, only for Mara to use her powers and force George to shoot himself. Soon, it is learned that there are other colonies of blackout children in foreign countries, but due to their inhuman nature, they were quickly eliminated, in some cases at the cost of destroying the entire town. One of the scientists, Dr. Susan Verner, is forced to show the children the well-preserved alien corpse of David's intended mate she secretly kept for research. The children force her to commit suicide with a scalpel. An angry mob gathers to attempt to kill the children, but their unsuccessful efforts lead Midwich into chaos, and the rest of the scientific team flees.Alan devises a plan to detonate a bomb inside a briefcase in the children's classroom. By thinking of a brick wall, he is able to create a mental barrier and keep the presence of the bomb a secret from the children. Jill begs him to spare David because he is not like the others. Alan attempts to do this by asking David to leave to get his notebook from his car. The rest of the children begin to suspect that Alan is hiding something. Mara's true face shows through as she breaks through Alan's defenses, revealing the bomb. The other children look at the clock, and the bomb explodes, killing everyone inside, including Alan. Jill holds David outside during the explosion.While driving, Jill tells David: "We'll go someplace where nobody knows who we are."
566	Clear and Present Danger (1994)	Action, Adventure, Thriller	A United States Coast Guard vessel intercepts and boards an American yacht in the Caribbean Sea. Evidence indicates the ship's owner and passengers, American businessman Peter Hardin and his family, were murdered by the occupying Colombian crew. CIA analyst Jack Ryan learns that Hardin was laundering money for the South American Cali Cartel. Drug lord Ernesto Escobedo ordered Hardin's murder for embezzling millions in drug profits. U.S. President Bennett, Hardin's close friend, discreetly authorizes National Security Advisor James Cutter to initiate covert operations in Colombia to destroy the cartel.Ryan is appointed acting Deputy Director of Intelligence when Admiral James Greer undergoes treatment for pancreatic cancer. Ryan requests Congress increase funding to support Colombians fighting the drug cartels, giving his assurance there is no U.S. military involvement. Ryan is unaware that Cutter will use the funds to assemble RECIPROCITY, a special forces team recruited by CIA operative John Clark, and aided by Robert Ritter, the CIA Deputy Director of Operations. President Bennett sends Ryan to negotiate with the Colombian government to allow the United States to seize Escobedo's assets, including $650 million hidden in off-shore accounts. Escobedo's intelligence officer, Colonel Félix Cortez, secretly orders the Cartel to ambush Ryan's convoy. Ryan survives, though several colleagues are killed, including Dan Murray and FBI Director Emile Jacobs. Cortez's identity is ascertained after he murders Jacobs’ secretary, Moira, who was an unwitting informant.Escobedo, blamed for the attack, organizes a meeting with the other Cartel heads. RECIPROCITY discovers this and launches an airstrike on the meeting location. Escobedo and Cortez, en route to the gathering, barely escape unscathed. Cortez learns Americans were responsible and brokers a deal with Cutter: Cortez will kill Escobedo to assume leadership, then will reduce drug shipments to the U.S. and allow American law enforcement to make regular arrests to influence public opinion that the United States is winning the drug war. In exchange, Cortez wants the location of RECIPROCITY and all CIA support eliminated to establish his position within the Cartel. Cutter accepts Cortez's deal, then strands Clark's team, who are overwhelmed by Cortez's mercenaries in the jungle.Unbeknownst to Cutter, U.S. surveillance monitored his conversation with Cortez. Ryan accesses Ritter's computer and obtains evidence regarding the illegal Colombian operations. Ritter, however, warns Ryan that because he obtained funding for the operation, Congress will hold Ryan solely responsible, whereas Ritter and Cutter have been granted President Bennett's pre-emptive pardons from any wrongdoing. Greer finally dies from his illness and after his funeral, Ryan flies to Bogota to seek out Clark, unaware Cutter and Ritter have falsely told Clark that Ryan betrayed RECIPROCITY. Ryan and Clark team up after Clark realizes Ritter and Cutter deceived them both.Ryan and Clark procure a helicopter and fly to RECIPROCITY's last known position. They find team sniper Chavez, who reports that most members were killed; Captain Ramirez and one remaining squad member were captured. Ryan meets with Escobedo and informs him of Cortez's deception, while Clark simultaneously commences rescuing his men who are being held captive in a coffee facility fronting Escobedo's cocaine operation. Escobedo confronts Cortez but is killed by Cortez's associate. Ryan narrowly escapes with Clark and the freed prisoners. Chavez kills Cortez during the escape, saving Ryan. Back in the United States, Ryan confronts President Bennett and refuses to help cover up the conspiracy. He testifies before the Congressional Oversight Committee about the recent events.
567	Wes Craven's New Nightmare (1994)	Horror	Heather Langenkamp lives in Los Angeles, California, with her husband, Chase, and their young son, Dylan. She is recognized for her role as Nancy Thompson in the A Nightmare on Elm Street film series. One night, she has a nightmare in which her family is attacked by a set of animated Freddy Krueger claws from an upcoming Nightmare film. Waking up to an earthquake, she notices a cut on Chase's finger similar to the one he had in her dream.Heather receives frequent creepy phone calls from an obsessed fan who quotes Freddy Krueger's nursery rhyme in Freddy's voice. This coincides with a meeting with New Line Cinema, where she is asked to reprise her role as Nancy in a new Nightmare film. At home, Dylan has a traumatizing fit about Freddy. As Chase drives home from work, he falls asleep at the wheel and is slashed to death by Freddy's claws. After his funeral, Heather has another Freddy nightmare, and her friend and former co-star, John Saxon, who played her father in the films, suggests she seek medical attention for Dylan.Dylan's health deteriorates as he becomes increasingly scared of Freddy and paranoid about going to sleep. Heather visits Nightmare creator Wes Craven, who admits to having precognitive nightmares. He explains that the films had kept trapped an ancient supernatural entity, which has been freed after the series ended with the release of Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare. In the guise of Freddy, the entity is focusing on Heather, its primary foe, as killing her will allow it into the real world. Heather must agree to play Nancy again to stop it. Heather catches a glimpse of Wes's script, which, inexplicably, is a written play-by-play of every dialogue and action she and everyone around her are taking. Robert Englund, who portrayed Freddy in the films, also appears to suffer nightmares and be haunted by the new Freddy, disappearing when Heather tries to contact him.Heather takes Dylan to the hospital and returns home for his stuffed dinosaur while his babysitter, Julie, keeps watch. After Dylan falls asleep from the nurse's sedative, Freddy brutally kills Julie. Sleepwalking, Dylan leaves the hospital, and Heather chases him home as Freddy taunts them. She realizes that reality is overlapping with the films; Saxon now addresses her as Nancy and acts as Don Thompson, and her street, house, and clothes all transform into Nancy's. Once Heather embraces Nancy's role, Freddy emerges into reality and abducts Dylan to his world. Heather follows them to a hellish construct of Freddy's boiler room. After a fight, she and Dylan push Freddy into the furnace, destroying both the monster and its reality.They emerge back into the real world from under his blankets, and Heather finds a copy of the events in Wes's screenplay. Inside is a note from Wes thanking her for defeating Freddy and playing Nancy one last time. Her victory helps imprison the entity once more.
568	Speed (1994)	Action, Romance, Thriller	LAPD SWAT bomb disposal officers Jack Traven and Harry Temple are tasked with preventing a bombing on a city elevator containing 13 people, masterminded by a vengeful extortionist, Howard Payne. After narrowly rescuing the passengers, Jack and Harry hunt down Payne, resulting in Harry getting wounded. Payne seemingly blows himself up while Jack and Harry are conferred medals in a ceremony. However, it is revealed that Payne has faked his death, and has become personally bitter towards being defeated by Jack and his subsequent recognition. After blowing up a bus to divert Jack's attention, Payne contacts him with a new deadly scheme: a bomb planted on a city bus that will activate upon reaching 50 miles per hour (80 km/h) and detonate if the bus slows below 50 but is also set to go off sometime before noon.Jack receives the ultimatum from Payne—$3.7 million in ransom or the bomb will go off. Racing through traffic, Jack gets a ride from a Jaguar owner named Maurice to warn the bus driver of the bomb. Realizing he has surpassed 50 and the bomb is already active, Jack boards the bus, but a felon's panic leads to the driver being shot; a passenger, Annie Porter, takes over the driving. With the bomb armed and passengers aware of the threat, Jack contacts Harry for help while trying to keep the bus moving. Payne agrees to allow the wounded driver to be handed to the paramedics as a sign of good faith. Annie's seatmate, Helen, panics and attempts to get off the bus, but Payne sets off a smaller bomb underneath the steps, sending Helen underneath the tires and killing her.Despite Payne's constant surveillance, Jack maneuvers the bus through several dangerous obstacles, including a gap in the freeway, and directs it to Los Angeles International Airport to prevent traffic issues, and being unable to defuse the bomb due to Payne's methodical planning. Meanwhile, Harry discovers Payne's identity as a former Atlanta Police Department bomb squad officer, who was placed on administrative leave after losing his thumb, and developing long-lasting bitterness with being undercompensated with nothing but a "cheap gold watch". Harry leads a SWAT team to arrest him: however, most of the team, including Harry, is killed when Payne's house, having been rigged with bombs, explodes. Seemingly out of options, Jack is left hopeless until he notices Payne is monitoring the bus through a hidden camera, allowing him to be one step ahead at every moment, seeing that Annie was sporting a University of Arizona shirt and remembering that Payne constantly called her a 'wildcat'. A clever ruse involving looping the surveillance footage allows the passengers to escape, and the empty bus explodes while crashing into an empty cargo plane. While noticing the LAPD has made the delivery and are waiting to apprehend him, Payne notices the looped feed on the news and realizes that he has been bested by Jack once again, as he intended to let the bus explode after the ransom delivery for his own self-satisfaction.After noticing that Payne hasn't collected the ransom, Jack discovers the drop-off in a trash can is connected to the subway system as a ruse so that Payne could collect the money safely. Jack chases Payne into the subway system, where he discovers that Payne has posed as an officer to kidnap Annie, simply to spite Jack out of his continued bitterness, despite having the ransom. Payne cowardly straps an explosive vest to Annie, but his plans unravel when he discovers an exploding dye pack in the duffel bag of money. Having Payne ultimately outsmarted once again, Payne becomes completely enraged as he fights Jack on the train roof, eventually resulting in Payne's decapitation from an overhead sign. Jack deactivates the vest, but the subway train cannot be stopped. Jack instead accelerates the train, causing it to derail and crash onto Hollywood Boulevard. Jack and Annie emerge unscathed and share a kiss as onlookers watch in amazement.
569	Wolf (1994)	Drama, Horror	Will Randall, editor-in-chief of a large New York publishing house, runs over a large black wolf on a Vermont country road; he is bitten while attempting to help it. A few days later, tycoon Raymond Alden announces that he's taking over the publishing house. The aging and ailing Will accepts a demotion while his unscrupulous protégé Stewart Swinton is given his previous position. Will meets Alden's headstrong but little-accomplished daughter, Laura. Will soon finds his vitality increased and his senses sharpened, which leads him suspecting his wife Charlotte and Swinton are having an affair after smelling Swinton's scent on Charlotte's clothing. Will's suspicion is confirmed when he surprises the two in Swinton's apartment. He angrily bites Swinton's hand before leaving Charlotte.Will begins a relationship with Laura and spends the night at the Aldens' villa after suffering a fainting spell. He awakens in a transformed state and mauls a deer in the estate's park, later awakening covered in blood. He visits pagan expert Dr. Vijav Alezais, who explains he is transforming into a wolf. He gives Will an amulet to prevent his transformation's completion. That night, during another transformation, Will breaks into a zoo, steals handcuffs from a policeman while evading arrest, and viciously attacks a group of muggers. He wakes up in his hotel, with no memory of the previous night.Will organizes a mutiny of writers who threaten to leave the publishing house unless Will remains editor-in-chief. Alden agrees, and Will's first act is to fire Stewart. He urinates on his shoes in a bathroom, claiming he is "marking his territory". While washing his hands, Will finds a mugger's finger in his handkerchief and realizes he wounded someone. He cuffs himself to his hotel room radiator, but Laura arrives and allays his fears. They spend the night together, but Will later leaves the hotel room unnoticed and roams Central Park transformed. The next morning, Detective Bridger informs Will that Charlotte was found dead in Central Park with canine DNA on her.That evening, Laura locks Will in a horse stable at his request and makes her way to the police station to give a statement. There she runs into Swinton, who is behaving brutishly and sporting golden eyes. Laura hurries away, making arrangements for her and Will to leave the country. Swinton follows Laura and invades the estate, killing two guards. When Swinton attempts to rape Laura, Will discards the amulet and fights Swinton, ruthlessly mauling him. Laura grabs a gun from a dead guard and finishes off Swinton. Will, still in a half-human state, has a brief moment with Laura and then disappears into the New England woods. Minutes later, Laura amazes Bridger with her heightened senses as she takes her leave. Will, having transformed into a wolf, howls for Laura in the woods as Laura's eyes begin to change as Will’s and Swinton’s did.
570	Wyatt Earp (1994)	Western	During the American Civil War, teenaged Wyatt Earp lives on his family's farm in Pella, Iowa, while his older brothers Virgil and James serve with the Union Army. Wyatt attempts to run away, intending to lie about his age and join his brothers in the war, but his father catches him. His brothers return home at the war's end, with James gravely wounded, and the family moves west to start over. Wyatt sees a man being shot dead in a duel and vomits at the sight.Years later, a teenaged Wyatt works as a wagon driver and earns extra money by acting as a referee for boxing matches. A bully tries to shoot him after a drunken argument, but Wyatt disarms him, taking his gun. Returning home to Missouri, Wyatt marries his childhood sweetheart, Urilla Sutherland. They move into their own house, and he begins working as a lawman. Months later, his pregnant wife dies from typhoid fever. After staying by her side through the illness, Wyatt becomes deeply depressed. Burning their home and possessions, he begins drinking and drifts from town to town, landing in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. He robs a man and steals his horse but is quickly arrested. With Wyatt facing certain hanging, his father bails him out of jail, telling him to never return to Arkansas.Working as a buffalo hunter, Wyatt befriends Bat Masterson and his brother Ed Masterson. Years pass, and Wyatt becomes a deputy marshal in Wichita, Kansas, building a reputation as a man unafraid to enforce the law. He is recruited to work for the police force in Dodge City, with a lower salary but earning extra money for every arrest. Wyatt becomes romantically involved with a prostitute, Mattie Blaylock, and persuades the Mastersons to come on as his deputies. Wyatt believes Ed is too passive, but the Dodge City council fires Wyatt for repeated complaints of excessive force, appointing Ed to take his place. Wyatt starts working for the railroad to catch robbers.Pursuing outlaw Dave Rudabaugh, Wyatt is introduced to gunman and gambler Doc Holliday in Fort Griffin, Texas, and the two become friends. Holliday assists Earp in locating Rudabaugh, whom he dislikes tremendously. Wyatt receives word that Ed has been killed, having shot and killed both his assailants before dying in the street. Wyatt returns to Dodge City and soon after kills his first man, witnessed by actress Josie Marcus. Despite his brothers' wives' and Mattie's protests, Wyatt moves the family to Tombstone, Arizona and immediately finds himself at odds with the outlaw Cowboy gang. He becomes romantically involved with Josie Marcus, angering her boyfriend Sheriff Behan and stressing his relationship with Mattie, and becomes the subject of rumor about town.Wyatt and his brothers Morgan and Virgil arrest several Cowboys, and Virgil assumes the post of head marshal following the murder of Fred White by Curly Bill Brocius. Tension builds between the brothers and the gang as Wyatt breaks up several altercations involving the Cowboys, particularly Ike Clanton, and Holliday swears his loyalty to Wyatt, whom he considers his only real friend. The Gunfight at the O.K. Corral makes the brothers very unpopular in town as many citizens feel that they deliberately provoked the shootout. Virgil is ambushed and wounded, and Morgan is killed. In the Vendetta Ride, Wyatt forms a posse with his friends to hunt down and take revenge against the remaining Cowboys.Many years later, Wyatt and Josie mine for gold in Alaska. A young man on the same boat recognizes Wyatt and recounts a story in which Wyatt had saved the boy's uncle, "Tommy Behind-The-Deuce". Wyatt says to Josie, "Some people say it didn't happen that way", to which she responds, "Never mind them, Wyatt. It happened that way." An epilogue states that Holliday died six years later in a hospital in Glenwood Springs, Colorado. Members of the Clanton gang continued to die mysteriously for years after Morgan's murder. Josie and Wyatt remain together for 47 years until Wyatt died at age 80 in Los Angeles.
571	Another Stakeout (1993)	Comedy, Thriller	Luella Delano, a witness against the Mafia, is being hidden in the desert until the trial. Tony Castellano, a hitman, blows up the house using a sewage removal truck to pump gas under it. The violent attempt against her kills her husband Mike, several of her guards and she disappears.Chris Lecce and Bill Reimers, after an undercover detail goes wrong (the man who has been killing homeless people gets shot with Chris's gun), are called upon to stake out the lakeside home where Luella is believed to be.Unlike their earlier stakeout, this time they are accompanied by assistant DA Gina Garrett and her pet rottweiler Archie. Their cover is husband, wife, and son.When Chris arrives home, his girlfriend Maria McGuire is kicking him out, as he will not marry her, although they have been together for six years. Chris does not want to, as his family has the worst track record in marriage, including his own divorce.However, Chris, Bill, and Gina must continue with their stakeout of Luella's friends Brian and Pam O'Hara to make sure Luella is safe. The trio are given use of a red convertible and Judge Dave Hoberman's summer house next to the O'Hara's as cover.The trio meet the couple upon arrival, as Archie chases a cat onto their property. Bill sends Gina for a run after Brian the next morning. When all three are not watching, the O'Haras leave the house. Bill sneaks in to bug the place, but has to abort the mission.Gina invites the O'Haras to their house that night for a dinner party so Bill can plant several bugs around theirs. She and Chris freak out the couple by acting odd. Then things take a turn for the worse when Bill is knocked unconscious after being mistaken for a hit man.Luella has subdued Bill, not knowing he is there to protect her. Her friends, the O'Haras find her with the bound, gagged and hooded man, who she insists they must kill. As she is about to shoot him at the end of the pier, he flips off it, freeing himself.Gina and Chris appear, subduing Luella. In custody, she asks to talk to the O'Haras in person. Chris and Bill are packing up to leave when they spot Tony. Hurrying to warn them in the other house, there they are initially shot at as Luella insists it is they who are the hitmen.Tony kills the corrupt District Attorney Tommy Hassrick for his interference. Then he takes Gina hostage, despite Chris and Bill having their guns drawn. While walking Gina at gunpoint past the pool in pursuit of Luella, Tony is attacked by Archie for threatening Gina and they both fall into the pool. He shoots at Luella but hits Gina in the shoulder instead, then gets shot and killed by Chris and Bill.Both Chris and Bill are congratulated as heroes by the FBI, Luella and Gina. Chris returns to his apartment to call Maria, but she is already there. He proposes and she accepts, while Bill watches through binoculars from the car.
572	Blown Away (1994)	Action, Thriller	Irish Republican Army fighter Ryan Gaerity escapes from his cell in a castle prison in Northern Ireland after turning a toilet into a bomb, killing a guard and his cellmate.One year and two months later, in Boston, Lieutenant Jimmy Dove is a veteran member of the police force's bomb squad, on the verge of retirement and helping to train newer recruits. Dove hides that he is really Liam McGivney, a former member of a Northern Ireland terrorist cell. He had been friends with Gaerity, but when Gaerity tried to set off a bomb that would have killed numerous civilians, he interceded, ending in the death of his girlfriend (Gaerity's sister) and leading to Gaerity's imprisonment. Devastated, McGivney moved to Boston and took on a new identity, hoping to find atonement in saving others by defusing bombs. Only Dove's maternal uncle, retired Boston police officer Max O'Bannon, is aware of his past and encourages Dove to retire early, feeling he has done his penance.Gaerity sees Dove on TV and makes his way to Boston. He takes a job as a janitor at the police station to learn more about Dove's life and co-workers. Gaerity sets up bombs designed to kill the rest of the bomb squad: the first victim, Blanket, is killed by a bomb placed under a bridge on the night of Dove's wedding to his fiancee Kate. Later, at the site of a fake bomb threat, technicians Rita and Cortez are killed by an explosive hidden in their bomb disposal robot. Dove receives a call from Gaerity and realizes that Kate and his stepdaughter Elizabeth are in danger. He rushes home and finds no bomb, but his dog, Boomer, has been killed.  He explains his past to Kate and convinces her and Elizabeth to go into hiding at Max's seaside cottage. Gaerity's third bomb almost kills rookie technician Anthony Franklin, who has linked Dove's former life to Gaerity, but Dove rescues him, and Franklin promises Dove assistance.Max decides to stop Gaerity, trying to get close to him at an Irish bar, but ends up captured by him and latched into a makeshift bomb. Dove tracks down Max and goes to retrieve his tools, but Max, realizing that Gaerity had created the bomb to kill both of them, triggers the bomb while Dove is away, sacrificing himself. In analyzing the bomb's debris, Dove finds a roulette ball that points to the abandoned ship, where he finds Gaerity. Gaerity reveals that he has set up another bomb in Kate's car and arms it via radio signal, then activates a Rube Goldberg-esque mechanism to trigger explosives that will destroy the ship.  Dove engages with Gaerity in a mêlée fight throughout the ship. Dove gains the upper hand and handcuffs himself to Gaerity, preventing him from leaving, preparing to die to keep his secret and prevent more deaths. Dove is saved by Franklin at the last second, and the two escape before the ship explodes, killing Gaerity.The two race back to the city, where Kate is playing the violin in an outdoor 4 July celebration, hoping to stop her before she starts the car. They arrive too late but catch up to Kate, and Dove jumps into her car. He finds the complex bomb and defuses it in time. As they recover, Franklin tells Dove he knows his past identity but will keep it a secret if he can take credit for taking down Gaerity; Dove agrees and gives Franklin his beeper before leaving with Kate and Lizzie.
573	Body Snatchers (1993)	Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller	Steve Malone, an agent from the Environmental Protection Agency, is sent to a military base in Alabama to test possible effects on the surrounding ecological system caused by military actions. With him are Marti, his teenage daughter from his first marriage; Carol, his second wife; and Andy, Marti's half-brother. On their way to the base, they stop at a gas station. In the restroom, Marti is threatened by an MP with a knife. When he notices her fear, he lets go of her, satisfied that she shows an emotional response. Before she leaves the room, he warns her, "They get you when you sleep."Steve and his family move into their new home on the base, and Marti makes friends with the base commander's daughter Jenn. On his first day in day care, Andy runs away because he is recognized as an outsider among the other somehow conformist children. He is picked up and brought home by helicopter pilot Tim. Marti and Tim quickly feel attracted to each other. Meanwhile, while examining soil samples, Steve is approached by medical officer Major Collins, who asks him about psychological effects, particularly narcophobia (the fear of sleep), and their possible relation to toxication of the environment. Steve believes that a physiological reaction would be more likely.In the evening, Marti and Jenn go to the bar attended by the station's military personnel, where they meet not only Tim but also the MP who threatened Marti at the gas station. With no emotion, he denies that they ever met before and suggests Tim take her home. That night, a group of soldiers can be seen picking giant pods from the river running by the base. When Andy wakes up and enters his mother's room, Carol's body crumbles to dust, while a naked soulless double emerges from the closet. Nobody believes Andy's story that his real mother is dead and the person pretending to be Carol is only an impostor.The following day, Steve witnesses an accident while he and some military members are in hazmat suits and sees an injury on a soldier that makes no sense. When a soldier reports the accident to General Pratt he responds with no emotion. Steve takes a sample from the injured soldier's suit and speaks to a friend over the phone about examining the specimen. That night, Marti is nearly "taken over" by a duplicate emerging from the giant pods when she fell asleep during a bath but she wakes and rips the tendrils from her face. While Carol is massaging Steve's back, he also falls asleep and is almost replaced by another duplicate, when Marti rushes in and stops the process. Carol attempts to convince Steve that the takeover is a good thing, claiming that it ends confusion and anger. She also claims that there is no place to go, as the events at the base are not an isolated incident. Steve is almost shocked and saddened into compliance, but Marti and Andy drag him out the door. Carol emits a shrill and mechanical scream that alerts other "pod people" to the presence of a human being. Now the majority in numbers, they swarm over the base chasing the remaining humans, including Tim, who is attacked by his friends but is able to escape.After hiding Marti and Andy in a warehouse, Steve enters Major Collins' office. The hysterical Major tries to call for help, but the line is blocked. While swallowing sleep-prevention pills Collins announces that it is too late to run; all they can do is fight. Their conversation is interrupted by the arrival of a group of pod people, led by base commander General Platt. While Steve hides, the pod people try to convince the Major that the individual is not important, and that only conformity can solve the world's problems. The Major shoots himself rather than live in such a world.Steve returns to his children and tells them to follow him, claiming to have found a way out. They drive aimlessly through the military base, as loudspeakers shout out instructions for spreading the invasion by carrying out pods in trucks. Realizing that her father was replicated while he was away, Marti swerves the car to the side and tries to escape with her brother. Tim, who escaped his former comrades who tried to turn him into one of them, suddenly appears and Marti takes his gun and shoots the Steve duplicate. Pod Steve's body shrinks into a mass of seething, bloody goo.Tim manages to get hold of a helicopter gunship, but Marti and Andy are taken away by the pod people. They sedate both of them and take them to the base infirmary where the remaining human beings are being systematically duplicated by pods. Tim is able to rescue Marti, despite her naked pod duplicate trying to seduce him. Incomplete, it dies when he pulls its connecting tendrils off Marti.Marti and Tim leave the building, pretending to be pod people so they can get to Tim's helicopter to escape. However, they are spotted by Jenn, now a pod duplicate, who gets suspicious and tells Marti she saw Andy looking for her. When Marti reacts by displaying emotion, Jenn responds by giving out a pod scream to alert the other pod people. Tim and Marti manage to get in the helicopter and are joined at the last minute by Andy, who runs up to them. But right after taking off, Andy, who is actually a pod duplicate, attacks both and tries to bring down the helicopter. After a short scuffle, a heartbroken Marti is forced to throw Pod-Andy out of the helicopter and he gives out a pod scream while falling to his death.Tim destroys the trucks filled with pods with the helicopter's rockets. While they land on another base, the words of Marti's replaced stepmother can be heard, suggesting that the phenomenon may have already spread beyond the army base.
574	Boxing Helena (1993)	Mystery, Romance, Thriller	Nick Cavanaugh, an Atlanta surgeon, begins moving into his recently deceased mother's lavish home with his girlfriend, Anne. However, he remains fixated on his neighbor Helena—a beautiful but shrewish woman with whom he had one intimate experience—although she harbors disdain for him. Nick and Anne host a housewarming party and Nick invites Helena, who leaves early with Nick's friend Russell much to his dismay. Anne leaves Nick after realizing his obsession with Helena. Helena leaves her address book at Nick's house and reluctantly agrees to return the next day to retrieve it.After Helena suffers a high-grade tibial fracture in a hit-and-run accident as she attempts to leave on foot, Nick kidnaps her and covertly provides her with illicit medical care in the confines of his home. He goes to the extreme of amputating both her legs. Later, following her attempt to choke him, Nick goes even further by amputating her arms above the elbow as a means of keeping her under his control. Despite Helena being the victim of Nick's kidnapping and mutilation, she dominates the dialogue with constant ridicule of his shortcomings and continues rejecting his affections despite being dependent on him for care. She begrudgingly becomes calmer and more accepting of Nick until the unexpected arrival of her boyfriend Ray, who has been searching for the missing Helena, which escalates into a violent altercation that ends with Ray threatening to shoot Nick with a pistol. Although Ray leaves after pleas from Helena, Nick is crushed by a falling Venus statue.However, it is revealed that Nick's kidnapping of Helena is a vivid napping dream that Nick is having while waiting at the hospital for Helena to recover from emergency surgery. In reality, he had called the ambulance and sought proper medical help for her after the accident.Later at home in bed with Anne, Nick wakes from a nightmare, still haunted by his love for Helena.
575	City Slickers II: The Legend of Curly's Gold (1994)	Comedy, Western	A year after the events of the first film, Mitch Robbins is a much happier and livelier man, having moved out of the city. He is the manager at the radio station, and has employed his best friend, Phil Berquist. However, he is plagued with nightmares about deceased trail boss, Curly, and believes he may still be alive. On his 40th birthday, Mitch sees a man resembling Curly on the train. Many things have changed; Phil is unexplainably single again, plus Mitch's immature younger brother, Glen is plaguing the household with his antics. Mitch later finds a treasure map belonging to Lincoln Washburn hidden in Curly's old cowboy hat, albeit with a missing corner. He and Phil investigate the map's contents and learn that Lincoln was Curly's father and a train robber in the Old West. In 1908, he infamously stole and hid one million dollars in gold bullion in the deserts near Las Vegas. With an impending trip to Las Vegas for a convention, Mitch decides to search for the gold (now worth twenty million) along with Phil and Glen.Several mishaps ensue, such as Glen accidentally burning a hole in the map with a magnifying glass, Mitch nearly falling off a cliff while retrieving it, and Phil believing a rattlesnake bit him when he sits on a cactus. They are ambushed by the two cowboys who sold them their supplies. They demand the map, since Phil recklessly blabbed about the gold. Just as they are poised to kill them, the man resembling Curly appears and fights them off. He introduces himself as Duke, Curly's estranged identical twin brother. He explains that long ago, their father had plans to find the gold with his sons once he was no longer being monitored, but he died before he could. On her death bed, their mother gave Curly the map, and he contacted Duke to find him so that they could find the gold together, but he died on the cattle drive the previous year. Duke learned from Cookie that Mitch had Curly's belongings, and so sought him out, though Mitch believed he was Curly. Though Duke is prepared to take the map and find the gold by himself, Mitch chastises him for his attitude, reasoning that Curly would not approve. Out of respect for Curly, Duke relents and allows the others to accompany him and share the gold.A reckless act by Mitch causes a stampede in which the map and almost all their supplies are lost. Thanks to Glen's memory, they are able to press on and find the location of the cave where the gold is hidden. They eventually find it, but are confronted by two armed cowboys also seeking it. In the ensuing fight, Glen is shot, but Duke discovers the bullets to be blanks with red paint pellets. At that moment, Clay Stone, the organizer of the cattle drive, appears along with some of their old friends, such as Ira and Barry Shalowitz. Clay explains that the cowboys are his sons and he has been looking for Duke for some time. Having left the cattle business, he is now making a living taking men on a trip to find the gold, which is revealed to be lead bars painted gold. Though Mitch, Phil, and Glen feel lost, Duke remains convinced that the gold is out there somewhere, and stays behind as the others return to Las Vegas.Mitch is visited by Duke in his hotel room, who confesses that he had planned to cheat Mitch and the others out of the gold, but couldn't bring himself to do so, having found his 'one thing' to be honesty. Through Mitch's skepticism, Duke also reveals that he possesses the missing corner of the map, which points to where Lincoln reburied the gold in 1909, and presents a bar of it to Mitch as evidence. He tries to scratch the gold off with a knife, and screams in joy upon realizing that it is real after all.
576	Cliffhanger (1993)	Action, Adventure, Crime	Mountain rescue rangers Gabe Walker, his girlfriend Jessie Deighan, and Frank attempt to rescue their fellow ranger, Hal Tucker, and his girlfriend, Sarah, stranded in the Colorado Rockies. Sarah's harness breaks loose, and she falls to her death, despite Gabe's effort to save her. Hal blames a guilt-stricken Gabe, who leaves the ranger service.Eight months later, Gabe returns to collect his belongings and persuade Jessie to leave with him, but she refuses. Meanwhile, psychopathic former military intelligence operative Eric Qualen orchestrates the robbery of over $100 million in three suitcases of uncirculated bills. Turncoat U.S. Treasury agent Richard Travers hijacks the McDonnell Douglas DC-9 carrying the money, shooting his team members and attempting to transfer the cases in midair to Qualen and his team of mercenaries aboard a Lockheed JetStar. One of the wounded agents, Matheson, shoots at the thieves before the DC-9 is blown up, forcing the JetStar to crash land in the Rockies and scattering the cases across the mountainside. Meanwhile, FBI agents visit Treasury agent Walter Wright, Travers' superior, and warn him of Qualen's background and the fact that he is equipped with the resources and experience to organize the robbery and Matheson was sent undercover to stop the robbery.Hal remains bitter over Sarah's death and responds to a fake distress call from the mercenaries, while Jessie convinces Gabe to help. He and Hal are taken prisoner by Qualen, Travers, and their accomplices Kristel, Kynette, Delmar, Ryan, and Heldon. Using Travers' beacon locator, Hal and Gabe are ordered to track down the first case atop a steep rock face. Gabe is tethered and forced to climb and retrieve the case, but Hal warns that Qualen will kill him, and Gabe severs his rope before he can be yanked down. Heldon opens fire and is killed by the ensuing avalanche, which leads Qualen to believe the case is lost and Gabe is dead.While Hal is forced to lead the mercenaries onward, Gabe races ahead and finds Jessie at an old ranger station. They recover mountaineering gear and reach the second case before Qualen arrives at nightfall, burning the money to stay warm and leaving him a taunting message, "Want to trade?" Using night-vision goggles, Ryan spots Gabe and Jessie, but Gabe blinds him with a flare, and the two slide down a slope. Ryan careens over the edge of a cliff to his death in a gorge. The next morning, Gabe and Jessie race to beat Qualen to the last case, while Hal tries to warn away two young climbers, Evan and Brett, before Qualen's men open fire. Brett is killed, but a wounded Evan base jumps off the mountain and parachutes to safety.Frank, scouting the mountain by helicopter in search of his friends, rescues Evan. Kynette confronts Gabe in a brutal fistfight in a cave, but Gabe impales him on a stalactite after Kynette threatens Jessie's life. Hal alerts him that the gang has rigged explosives above the cave, and Gabe and Jessie narrowly escape. The mercenaries flag down Frank in his rescue helicopter, and Delmar fatally shoots him. When Travers attempts to betray the others, Qualen forces him to stay by killing Kristel, leaving Qualen as their only pilot.As the mercenaries split up to look for the last case, Hal stabs Delmar in his right leg with Frank's knife, then kills Delmar with his own shotgun and escapes, while Gabe recovers the money from the last case. He plants the tracking beacon on a rabbit to frustrate an increasingly unhinged Travers, who rants at Qualen by walkie-talkie, allowing the authorities to track their position. Pursued by Travers, Gabe falls into a frozen river but kills Travers through the ice with a climbing-bolt gun, and is rescued by Hal.Jessie signals to the rescue helicopter, believing it to be Frank, and is taken hostage by Qualen, who demands that Gabe and Hal surrender the money. Meeting high atop the cliffs, Qualen frees Jessie, but Gabe throws the bag of money into the helicopter's rotor blades, shredding the cash, and tethers the helicopter's winch cable to a cliffside ladder. Hal helps shoot down the helicopter, which hangs over the cliff with Gabe and Qualen atop the wreckage. Gabe fights off Qualen and climbs to safety as the wreckage falls off the cliff, killing Qualen. The authorities arrive as Gabe reunites with Jessie and Hal.
577	Coneheads (1993)	Comedy, Sci-Fi	Upon discovering a UFO in American airspace, the National Guard sends fighter jets to investigate, who fire on the unresponsive craft and cause it to crash into the Atlantic Ocean, near Manhattan. The aliens from the planet Remulak, Beldar and his wife Prymaat, survive aboard the ship. Assigned by Highmaster Mintot, Beldar was to conquer the earth for Planet Remulak. Beldar becomes an appliance repairman, and upon discovering his undocumented status, his boss Otto gets him a false identity from local gangsters, which quickly alerts the INS. Ambitious INS agent Gorman Seedling and his sycophantic assistant Eli Turnbull unsuccessfully attempt to capture the couple. Prymaat informs Beldar she is pregnant. The Coneheads are told that a rescue ship will not be arriving for many years, and despite their odd appearance and metallic voices, they attempt to blend in with human society. Beldar and Prymaat save a lot of money by moving to the suburbs.After their daughter Connie's birth, they adopt the surname Conehead, buy a home, and move to suburban Paramus, New Jersey, where Beldar opens a driving school. Meanwhile, Gorman terminates his pursuit of the Coneheads after getting a promotion, but a U.S. Senate inquiry, citing the heavy expense, demands that the case be properly concluded.The now-teenaged Connie, who has grown up among Earth's norms and culture, wants to fit in with her peers, though her father greatly objects, especially when she begins seeing auto mechanic Ronnie Bradford.Gorman and Eli track the Coneheads to their home, posing as Jehovah's Witnesses to enter. During the conversation, Prymaat discovers their communication device to Remulak is beeping and notifies Beldar that 'the Big Phone' has contacted him, causing him to eject the two promptly. He is then notified of their approaching rescue vessel.After Connie is told of their imminent rescue, she informs her parents she wants to stay on earth with Ronnie. The INS arrives to arrest the Coneheads. Ronnie helps stall the agents while the rescue vessel arrives just in time, and Gorman and Eli are taken aboard with the Coneheads.On Remulak, Beldar is welcomed home, presenting the Highmaster with various Earthly 'gifts', including Gorman and Eli as slaves. Initially satisfied with Beldar's accomplishments, Mintot notices that Beldar's sharp teeth have been capped (something Otto had advised Beldar to do to blend in), accuses him of treason, and sentences him to fight the ferocious Garthok, greatly distressing Prymaat.After the Garthok easily and gruesomely kills other condemned criminals, Beldar uses his Earthly golfing skills to hit a rock into the Garthok's mouth, causing it to choke. The Highmaster pardons Beldar and honors Beldar's request to return to Earth and have Gorman as his slave. Eli stays behind and becomes Mintot's new flunky. Departing for Earth with Prymaat, Connie, and Gorman in tow, Beldar soon prioritizes Connie's feelings over planetary conquest by faking an Earth attack, ordering his invasion force to retreat and proceed to their secondary target in another part of the galaxy, while making it look like a superior weapon has destroyed his spaceship. As a reward for rescuing him, Gorman agrees to give the Coneheads green cards. The Conehead family settles down to a happy life on their adopted planet.
578	Demolition Man (1993)	Action, Sci-Fi	In 1996, psychopathic criminal Simon Phoenix kidnaps a busload of hostages and takes refuge in an abandoned building. Los Angeles Police Department Sergeant John Spartan, nicknamed "The Demolition Man" for the large amounts of collateral damage he often causes in apprehending suspects, mounts an unauthorized assault to capture Phoenix. When a thermal scan of the area reveals no trace of the hostages, he raids the building and confronts Phoenix, who sets off explosives to destroy everything. The hostages' corpses are found in the rubble, and Phoenix claims that Spartan knew about the hostages but attacked anyway. Both men are sentenced to lengthy terms in the city's "California Cryo-Penitentiary", in which convicts are cryogenically frozen and undergo subliminal rehabilitation techniques.In 2032, the city of San Angeles – a megalopolis formed from the merger of Los Angeles, San Diego, and  Santa Barbara – is a seemingly peaceful utopia designed and run by Dr. Raymond Cocteau. Phoenix is thawed for a parole hearing but easily escapes by using advanced technological skills he did not have before. Phoenix makes his way into the city, where to his surprise, he can now easily hack into all modern computer networks. Several police officers arrive and interrupt his hacking. Annoyed, Phoenix taunts and kills the officers with ease. The modern police, who have never had to deal with such primitive violence, are shocked and helpless.Lieutenant Lenina Huxley, an idealistic San Angeles Police Department officer who is fascinated with 20th-century culture, learns about Spartan's career from a veteran officer, Zachary Lamb, who suggests that their best chance to stop Phoenix is by enlisting someone with the experience and mindset to anticipate his actions. Huxley persuades her superior, Chief George Earle, to parole Spartan and reinstate him. Spartan finds life in San Angeles to be sterile and oppressive, since all types of behavior deemed immoral or unhealthy have been declared illegal.Anticipating that Phoenix will attempt to secure firearms, Spartan rejects the computer's projection that Phoenix will first create a new drug network, has Huxley lead him to a museum, and finds Phoenix looting an exhibit of weapons. Phoenix escapes and unexpectedly runs into Cocteau, holds him at gunpoint but is unable to kill him, since Cocteau has altered his rehabilitation program to prevent him from doing so. Cocteau then orders Phoenix to kill Edgar Friendly, the leader of the Scraps, a resistance society that lives underground. Spartan arrives to find Cocteau unharmed and ponders why Phoenix would stop to talk to this one person. Investigating Phoenix’s extraordinary technological skills, Spartan and Huxley discover that Phoenix's rehabilitation program was tailored by Cocteau to make him even more dangerous. Unhappy with Phoenix's progress, Cocteau threatens him with a return to the cryo-prison if he does not deal with Friendly and Spartan. Phoenix persuades Cocteau to release additional cryo-prisoners to counteract Spartan's interference. Phoenix then leads his new gang underground to assassinate Friendly, only to find Spartan already there. Spartan and Huxley thwart the attempt on Friendly's life by Phoenix, who taunts Spartan, saying that he framed him for the deaths of the 1996 hostages; they were dead before the building exploded. Afterwards, as Phoenix escapes to meet Cocteau, Spartan borrows weapons from the Scraps and pursues him.Now pleased with Phoenix's terror, Cocteau gleefully boasts he intends to use the chaos he orchestrated to remake San Angeles into a "flawless pearl" which is even more authoritarian.  Unable to harm Cocteau, Phoenix has a minion kill him, then thaws out the cryo-prison's most dangerous convicts. After incapacitating Huxley for her safety, Spartan battles Phoenix, whom he kills by freezing him solid. The uncontrolled quick-freezing effect then triggers an explosion that destroys the cryo-prison.The police fear that the loss of Cocteau and his cryo-prison will end society as they know it. Spartan urges them and the Scraps to work together, combining the best aspects of order with personal freedom. Huxley and Spartan kiss, then depart together.
579	Fatal Instinct (1993)	Comedy	Ned Ravine, who is both a police officer and lawyer (who often defends the people he arrests), believes that he knows everything about women, and says that he will throw away his badge if anyone ever proves him wrong. While on a stakeout, he encounters a seductive woman named Lola Cain; the next day, Lola shows up at his law office, saying that she needs him to look over some papers she has come across. Meanwhile, Max Shady, who was just released from prison after seven years, starts stalking Ned, planning to kill him for failing to successfully defend Max in court.Ned's wife Lana and her car mechanic Frank, with whom she is having an affair, start plotting to kill Ned in order to collect on his accident insurance, which has a triple indemnity rider; if Ned is shot, falls from a northbound train, and drowns in a freshwater stream, Lana will collect nine million dollars.Lola gets Ned to come to her house to examine the "papers", which are actually a laundry receipt and an expired lottery ticket, and the two of them end up having sex in various wild ways. The next morning, Ned says that they can never do that again because he loves his wife; this drives Lola to start stalking Ned.A few days later, Ned takes the train to go to a legal symposium; Lana and Frank are also on the train, and so is Max. When the train passes over a lake, Lana shoots Max 36 times with a revolver, mistaking him for Ned, and he backflips through the door to his death; Ned thinks that Lana had acted to save his life. He arrests Lana, and then defends her in court, getting her cleared of all charges. Lana later kills Frank, believing that he was going to abandon her, by pinning him against a wall with his power drill; Lola witnesses this, and starts blackmailing Lana.Ned confronts Lola, and learns that she and Lana are identical twin sisters; after Lana had smashed Lola's face with a shovel, the doctors had given her a whole new face, causing the man she loved to leave her for Lana; Frank was the man's son. Lola's plan from the beginning was to get revenge on Lana by seducing her husband and ruining her marriage.Later, Ned's secretary Laura tells Ned about Lana's plans to kill him, having figured it out herself. Upstairs, Lana is attacked by Lola, who drowns her in the bathtub. While Ned goes upstairs to investigate, Laura's abusive husband (whom she had escaped from three years ago) comes in and confronts her; she kills him with a frying pan. Lola and Ned fight, and Lola falls to her death from the second-floor landing after Ned pushes her back with a powered-up hair dryer through a broken handrail (which Lana had sawn off earlier). As Ned and Laura embrace each other (and Ned throws his badge away), Lola and Lana come back to life and attack; Laura shoots them both. Ned and Laura marry a few days later.
580	Englishman Who Went Up a Hill, But Came Down a Mountain, The (1995)	Comedy, Romance	In 1917, during World War I, two English cartographers, the pompous George Garrad and his junior, Reginald Anson, arrive in the fictional Welsh village of Ffynnon Garw to measure its "mountain", but everyone in town is at church, it being a Sunday. The only exception is Morgan the Goat who manages the local inn and is the only redhead in the village. Most of the men of the town are away at war, and the film implies that the women are visiting the inn and have redheaded children. The cartographers reach the top and do some preliminary measurements and come up with a height of 930 feet, qualifying it as a mere hill. Anson returns and reassures them that they have more accurate measurements to make the next day.The next day, the entire village mills around the mountain, eagerly anticipating the results. The cartographers announce that the more accurate measurements indicate a height of 984 feet, just 16 feet short of qualifying the "hill" as a mountain at 1,000 feet (305 m). The townsfolk are crestfallen and hold a town hall meeting. Morgan the Goat proposes that they raise the mountain by 20 feet, and the villagers return to the cartographers to persuade them to stay while they build a structure on the mountain, but Anson disagrees and says they have a tight schedule and they will be leaving in the morning. The Reverend Robert Jones, who, after initially opposing the scheme, grasps its symbolism in restoring the community's war-damaged self-esteem, conspires with Morgan to delay the cartographers' departure while they build an earth mound on top of the hill and make it high enough to be considered a mountain.The next morning, everyone rallies and starts digging earth from their backyards and transporting it to the hill. On the first day, they make a mound that is approximately 14 feet high. Meanwhile, the cartographers' car is sabotaged, with the town mechanic deliberately fumbling around and breaking a part, informing them that a replacement needs to be brought in from Cardiff. When the cartographers try to catch a train from the local station, they are misinformed that the trains only carry coal. Morgan also enlists a local woman, Betty, to entertain the two Englishmen.At this point, it starts raining and the mud on the hill begins washing off down from 14 to 10 feet. Morgan declares an emergency and asks the mechanic to remove the tarpaulin covering the broken car and take it to the mountain to cover the construction site. The rain continues all night and all day from Thursday to Sunday. Despite the religious injunction against working on a Sunday, Reverend Jones encourages the villagers to finish the work they started, viewing it as a "prayer given form". Upon Anson's suggestion, they also cover the mound with sod before the last light. During the works, Reverend Jones collapses and dies from exhaustion and old age, and the mourning villagers bury him on the mountain.After the burial, the townspeople convince Anson to stay the night at the top of the mountain and measure it at the break of dawn because their train leaves early. Betty, who has gotten close to him, offers to keep him company, and they end up sharing a kiss. When Anson descends from the mountain, he informs the people that the mountain is 1,002 feet high and also announces his engagement to Betty.Many years later, the mountain has settled down to 997 feet, thus turning back into a hill. The spirit of the Reverend buried on the mountain exhales "a hill" in a groan and all the modern-day townspeople rally with buckets of earth to raise the hill again.
581	Kalifornia (1993)	Drama, Thriller	Brian Kessler is a graduate student and journalist whose article about serial killers has gotten him an offer for a book deal. He and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, an avant garde photographer, decide to relocate to California in hopes of enriching their careers. The two plot their journey from Louisville, Kentucky, to Los Angeles, planning to visit infamous murder sites along the way which Carrie can photograph for Brian's book. Short on funds, Brian posts a ride-share ad on the university campus.Meanwhile, psychopathic parolee Early Grayce has just lost his job. His parole officer learns of this and comes to the trailer park where Early lives with his naïve girlfriend Adele Corners. Early refuses the officer's offer of a job as a janitor at the university, saying he wants to leave the state, but the officer pressures him into keeping his appointment for the job interview. When Early arrives at the campus, he sees the ride-share ad and calls Brian, who agrees to meet him the following day. Early sends Adele ahead, then murders his landlord before joining her to wait for Brian and Carrie. Carrie is reluctant about riding with the couple given their rough appearance, but Brian encourages her to give them a chance. On the road, unbeknown to his companions, Early murders a man in a gas station bathroom and steals his money. When they arrive at their first hotel, Early cuts Adele's long hair shorter to try to match Carrie's.At another hotel, Early invites Brian out to play pool, leaving Adele and Carrie alone together. Adele explains that her mother did not approve of her relationship because Early had just been released from prison. She reveals to Carrie that she suffered a vicious gang rape and that she views Early as her protector, even though he sometimes "punishes" her. While the two women drink beer, Adele also admits that Early forbids her to smoke or drink. Meanwhile, at a local bar, Early assaults a man who confronts Brian. Later during the road-trip, Early introduces Brian to pistol shooting in a remote, unnamed location.Carrie is alarmed by Brian's growing fascination with Early, and by Brian's nonchalant response to the news that Early is a convicted felon. After catching Early and Adele having sex in the car, she gives Brian an ultimatum: either they rid themselves of the pair, or she will leave. At a desert gas station, Carrie glimpses a news report about Early being a suspected murderer. Early kills the gas station attendant in front of Carrie and continues the trip with the couple as hostages. At an abandoned mine camp, the party encounter two police officers whom Early shoots and kills. They next come to the home of an elderly couple in the desert. Early beats the man to death, but Adele allows the woman to flee.When Early confronts Adele about freeing the woman, she hits him in the face with a cactus and chastises him, after which he shoots her to death. He then knocks Brian unconscious before kidnapping Carrie, driving her to the abandoned Dreamland nuclear testing site on the California-Nevada border. Early forces Carrie to dress in Adele's clothes, and the film implies that he rapes her off-camera. Brian regains consciousness, and the elderly woman gives him the keys to her truck. He follows Early to the test site and attacks him, hitting him in the face with a shovel. Brian finds Carrie, who appears to be in shock, handcuffed to a bed in an abandoned house. Early, who was only stunned, attacks Brian and they struggle. Early is hit over the head by Carrie with the limb from a nuclear test mannequin. When he continues the attack, Brian shoots and kills him.Some time later, Brian and Carrie are living in an oceanfront house in Malibu. As Brian sifts through tapes made with his voice recorder during their trip, Carrie tells him that a gallery in Venice is interested in her art. Brian responds by suggesting they go out to celebrate. As they depart, Brian unintentionally leaves a recording running, which reveals a "thank you" message Adele covertly left at the end of a tape.
582	Piano, The (1993)	Drama, Romance	In the mid-1800s, Ada McGrath, a Scottish woman with elective mutism, travels to colonial New Zealand with her daughter Flora for an arranged marriage to settler Alisdair Stewart. Ada has not spoken since the age of six, and the reason for this as well as the identity of Flora's father remain unknown. She communicates through playing the piano and sign language, with Flora acting as her interpreter.Ada and Flora, along with their handcrafted piano, are stranded on a New Zealand beach by a ship's crew. The next day, Alisdair arrives with his Māori crew and neighbour George Baines, a retired sailor who's adapted to Maori customs, including facial tattoos. Alisdair tells Ada that they don't have enough bearers for the piano and then refuses to go back for it, claiming that they all need to make sacrifices. Desperate to retrieve her piano, Ada seeks George's help. While at first saying no, he appears to give in due to her keenness on recovering the piano. Once at the beach, he is entranced by her music and appears charmed by her happy ways when she is playing, in contrast to her stern behaviour when in the farm. George offers Alisdair the land he's been coveting in exchange for the piano and Ada's lessons. Alisdair agrees, oblivious to George's attraction to Ada. Ada is enraged by George's proposition but agrees to trade lessons for piano keys. She restricts the lessons to the black keys only and resists George's demands for more intimacy. Ada continues to rebuff Alisdair's advances while exploring her sensuality with George. George eventually realizes that Ada will never commit to him emotionally and returns the piano to her, confessing that he wants Ada to care for him genuinely.Although Ada has her piano back, she longs for George and returns to him. Alisdair overhears them having sex and watches them through a crack in the wall. Furious, he confronts Ada and tries to force himself on her despite her strong resistance. He then coerces Ada into promising she will no longer see George.Shortly after, Ada instructs Flora to deliver a package to George, which contains a piano key with a love declaration engraved on it. Flora delivers it to Alisdair instead. Enraged after reading the message, Alisdair cuts off Ada's index finger, depriving her of the ability to play the piano. He sends Flora to George with the severed finger, warning him to stay away from Ada or he will chop off more fingers. Later, while touching Ada as she sleeps, Alisdair hears what he thinks is her voice in his head, asking him to let George take her away. He goes to George's house and asks if Ada has ever spoken to him, but George says no. George and Ada leave together with her belongings and piano tied onto a Māori canoe. As they row to the ship, Ada asks George to throw the piano overboard. She allows her leg to be caught by the rope attached to the piano and is dragged underwater with it in an attempt to drown herself. As she sinks, she appears to change her mind and struggles free before being pulled to safety.In the epilogue, Ada describes her new life with George and Flora in Nelson, where she gives piano lessons in their new home. George has made her a metal finger to replace the one she lost, and Ada has been practicing and taking speech lessons. She sometimes dreams of the piano resting at the bottom of the ocean with her still tethered to it.
583	Romeo Is Bleeding (1993)	Crime, Thriller	Jack Grimaldi is an NYPD homicide detective who seems to have everything: a lavish lifestyle; a beautiful wife, Natalie; and an adoring teenaged mistress, Sheri. However, Jack only affords his lifestyle because he's on the take, doing favors for Mafia boss Don Falcone in exchange for large cash bribes. Jack's latest task is to reveal the location of Nick Gazarra, a mobster-turned-state's witness protected by federal agents. Gazarra and his protection detail are subsequently killed by a mob hitwoman, Mona Demarkov. Jack is disaffected by this outcome, being uncomfortable with his complicity in the deaths of other law enforcement personnel.Mona is arrested and Falcone assigns Jack to kill her, as he fears that she could not only testify against him but take over his entire operation. Still ambivalent about his double life, Jack is assigned as Mona's minder and transports her to a safe house to await pick-up by federal agents. Upon arrival, Mona quickly seduces and tries to kill Jack, but they are interrupted by the agents. Jack leaves Mona in their custody.Falcone, disappointed in Jack's ineptitude, orders one of his toes amputated. Realizing he has endangered both his wife and mistress, Jack instructs Natalie to leave the city immediately, giving her all of the payoff money he has saved as well as instructions for where to meet him out West when the time is right. Jack also ends his affair with Sheri and puts her on a train out of town. He tracks down Mona, who offers to pay Jack to help her fake her own death.Although he obtains false papers for her, Mona refuses to pay and attempts to strangle Jack. He shoots her in the arm, then tries to drive away with her handcuffed in the back seat. Mona escapes by hooking her legs around his neck, causing him to crash the car. She slithers out through the shattered windshield without freeing her hands. Mona lures Jack to an empty apartment. He again attempts to kill her but is tricked into shooting Sheri instead. Mona fixes the corpse so as to suggest that it was she, and not Sheri, who died. Mona has Jack abducted and transported to an abandoned warehouse where she handcuffs him to a bed and they have sex. Later she forces Jack to assist in burying Falcone alive.Mona betrays Jack by turning him in to the police, copping a plea deal that will indict Jack for the multiple murders that she tricked him into committing. The police arrange a confrontation between Jack and Mona at the courthouse. Mona tells Jack sex with him was lame, that Jack's wife "is a dead woman" and that Jack himself "is a dead man". Furious, Jack grabs a gun from a fellow officer's ankle holster and shoots Mona dead. He turns the gun on himself, only to discover that the revolver is now empty. Instead of being sent to prison for the murder, he is given a commendation. This frees him to begin a new life out West, under the identity of "Jim Daugherty".The final scene shows Jack living alone in a remote desert town and working at a diner. He waits every May 1 and December 1 for his wife, Natalie, to find him, as they planned before she left; but she never does. As he waits for her, he mourns his old life while looking at his wedding photo album: first, the many color photos of himself and Natalie, followed by black and white Polaroids of his various paramours, including Mona.
584	Secret Garden, The (1993)	Children's, Drama	In 1901, recently orphaned 10-year-old Mary Lennox, Louie's sister is sent from her home in British India to her uncle Lord Archibald Craven's mansion, Misselthwaite Manor, in Yorkshire, England. "My name is Mary Lennox. I was born in India. It was hot, and strange, and then lonely in India. I didn't like it. Nobody about my servant: My nyha, looked after me. My parents didn't know they want me. My mother wouldn't go allow to her parties, and my father was busy to try order of duties. I was never allow to go parties, I watched them with my mother's bedroom window. I was angry. But I never cried. And I didn't know how to cry. My parents always thought about themselves. They didn't know they recognized me. If they only I could change them. I could lose them forever." She was unloved and neglected by her parents, who were killed in an earthquake in India. As a result, Mary is cold, self-centered and so repressed that she is unable to cry.Headmistress housekeeper Mrs. Christa Medlock informs Mary that her uncle, who spends most of his time away, will likely not see her by calling her "Idiot Girl". Mary hears strange sounds of crying in the house and discovers a hidden door in her room that leads to uninhabited areas, including her aunt's old room. "The house seemed death, like a spell been cast upon it. It looked just like my mother's room. This must been my aunt's. The dressing table were the same. They even had twin ivory elephants." There, she discovers a large key. However, when Mary tries to get outside, but Christa's here, Christa was trying to get Mary, she tried to say that "Come and get you, idiot girl.", but she's having a heart attack, the nurses pulled her away to the hospital leading Dickon to believe she had been fired (since it's not Harrigan, and it's dangerous). Mary wrote messages from laundromat, but she's gone today. Despite that fact, Mary saw Martha. Mary knew it that she received a message from beyond the grave.Mary discovers her late Aunt Lilias' walled garden, which has been locked up since her death 10 years prior, she saw Little Baby Lindsay, Martha's baby sister. She realizes that the key she found earlier unlocks the garden, but keeps it a secret. She befriends Dickon Sowerby, Carla's big brother, the younger brother of the manor's housemaid, Martha. Dickon is an outdoorsy boy who is good with animals. Mary and Dickon slowly clean up the secret garden, and Mary becomes happier, she saw Little Baby Carla, Dickon's baby sister."For the first time since coming from India, I dreamed about my mother. She was here in the garden, and the garden was a jungle." Hidden away in the mansion is Lord Craven's son, Bonnie's big brother, and Mary's cousin, Colin Craven, who has been treated like a sickly invalid his entire life. A spoiled, short-tempered boy, he has never left his room nor ever walked and is confined to his bed or a wheelchair, she saw Little Baby Bonnie, Colin's baby sister. Christa returns from the hospital as she is not fired and reveals that Minosha the ghost of the Misselthwaite. She also finally meets her uncle, who is sullen but kind.His father barely comes to see him in fear that Colin will die soon and he will lose his son. Mary eventually discovers Colin, learning that he was the source of the crying in the house. At bedtime, Colin is yawning, it's time for bed. Mary puts him to bed as she give Colin a teddy bear (since he was snoring in bed while sleeping with his teddy bear) and turns off his lamp. "That was the night when the rain is stopped. The night had spring came to Misstlethwaite. My poor uncle fled from it, as if he were escaping the spring." At that moment, Colin awoke from his dream. Although taken aback by his difficult nature, she puts her foot down and refuses to give in to his whims, showing him that he is not really sick. Encouraged by Mary, Colin goes outside for the first time and Mary and Dickon take him to the secret garden.The three children grow close and spend their free time in the garden every day, where Colin, with their help, learns to walk. The trio keep all of this a secret from the staff. Colin wants his father to be the first one to see him on his legs. Lord Craven has a dream of his late wife Lilias calling to him, and returns home. In the secret garden, he sees Colin walking for the first time, leaving him speechless with joy.Mary bursts into tears for the first time in her life, certain that she is unwanted by her uncle and the garden will be locked up again as he had ordered it to be. Lord Craven reassures her that she is now part of the family. Promising never to lock it up again, he thanks her for bringing his family back to life. Dickon informs his older sister and the rest of the manor staff of the good news. The staff watches in shock and joy as Lord Craven and the children come home together. It is shown afterwards that Christa got so fired from housekeeping business and lost everything: Her mansion, her reputation, etc., and her punishment is busy as a janitor.The film ends with a voiceover of Mary stating that "The spell was broken, my uncle and I learned to laugh, and I learned to cry. The secret garden was always open now. Open, and awake, and alive. If you look me the right way, you can see the whole world is a garden".
585	Son in Law (1993)	Comedy	18-year-old Rebecca "Becca" Warner, the valedictorian of her high school in a farm town in South Dakota, has been accepted to a college in Los Angeles. On her first day, she and her parents Walter and Connie meet Fred "Crawl" Weasel, resident advisor of Becca's coed dormitory. After they leave, the clash of cultures causes Becca to consider returning home, but Crawl convinces her to give the college a chance. She soon begins to acclimate, cutting and dyeing her hair, dressing in a Californian style, and even getting a tattoo of a butterfly on her ankle. When Becca sees Crawl has nowhere to go when school breaks, she invites him to South Dakota to celebrate Thanksgiving with her family.When Becca and Crawl arrive in South Dakota, the Warners and Becca's boyfriend Travis are shocked by the changes in Becca. At dinner, Becca realizes that Travis wants to propose marriage to her and she urges Crawl to speak. Unable to come up with anything off the cuff, Crawl tells them that he has already proposed and she had accepted. This upsets Becca's family, who begin to disdain Crawl, and Travis, who punches Crawl in the face.Now acting as a future son-in-law, Crawl expresses an interest in farming but bumbles his way through daily chores, to the amusement of Walter and his farmhand Theo. However, Crawl begins to prove himself as an avid farmer, quickly learning how to perform each task he's given. He also begins to endear himself to the rest of the family. He impresses Becca's little brother Zack with his computer skills, and Zack begins to see him as a big brother. He compliments Connie's appearance and helps to bring her out of her shell for Walter. When Walter's father has a heart attack, Crawl performs CPR and earns Walter's trust for aiding his father.While shopping for clothes, Crawl meets Becca's friend Tracy. Travis apologizes to Crawl for hitting him and invites him to a bachelor party, where Tracy dances for Crawl.The next morning, Becca finds Crawl and Tracy waking up in the barn and furiously calls off the wedding, but Crawl and Tracy cannot remember what happened. Crawl leaves to head back to L.A. while Travis, who had been seeing Tracy on the side, berates her for behavior the previous night. Tracy finds her car seat suspiciously left all the way back and discovers a bottle of pills underneath it.After picking up Crawl, who was attempting to hitchhike, Tracy visits the Warner house to confront Travis and Theo while the Warners are sitting down to Thanksgiving dinner. Theo confesses that they drugged them and that he set them up in the barn. Walter immediately fires Theo. Becca stands up to Travis and Crawl knocks him down, revealing that he had majored in karate for two semesters and Theo takes Travis with him.After Travis and Theo leave, Tracy is invited to sit with the Warners while Walter asks his son-in-law to cut the turkey. Becca tries to speak the truth about Crawl's proposal, but he stops her, saying that they have not yet decided on a wedding date and need wait a while before making the decision, hinting that he intends to legitimately propose to Rebecca and have a proper relationship that the Warners will respect.
586	Terminal Velocity (1994)	Action	About to leave the country, a young Russian woman is ambushed in her Tucson apartment after calling her contact about a Boeing 747 she witnessed landing in the desert. The lead assailant, Kerr, tortures her for information about her roommate before drowning her in an aquarium.Former Olympic gymnast-turned-daredevil skydiver Richard "Ditch" Brodie participates in an illegal BASE jump off a skyscraper, despite his jump school being under tight scrutiny by the FAA. Upon returning to his school, he's approached by a beautiful but nervous woman named Chris Morrow, who insists on performing a static jump from cruising altitude immediately. Playing along due to her flirtatious attitude, Ditch agrees to take her himself. During the flight, Chris briefly spots another aircraft below. When Ditch checks to see if his pilot has noticed it, Chris cuts ties with Ditch and jumps on her own. Ditch spots Chris tumbling uncontrollably below him, and is unable to save her before she hits the ground at terminal velocity. An investigation ensues, and the school is closed down indefinitely.Feeling guilty and confused, Ditch rifles through Chris' personal belongings, and finds her apartment key. There he finds a photograph of Chris performing a jump, thus contradicting her earlier claim of inexperience. Ditch is attacked by Kerr, but fends him off and escapes. At the flight school, Ditch is approached by Assistant District Attorney Ben Pinkwater, who tells Ditch he may be charged with manslaughter for Chris' death. Later, Ditch sees the same plane that had been following him during the jump, and follows it to a shack where he finds Chris alive, having faked her death using her roommate's body. She then takes Ditch on an unexplained nighttime jump at an aeronautics plant, promising to clear his name if he co-operates. Chris has Ditch infiltrate the plant via a smokestack and disable the security system before stealing a hidden optical disc. Kerr and his men arrive, forcing Ditch to flee from gunfire back to his school. Wanting his name cleared, he arranges a meeting with Chris and Pinkwater at a scrapyard, but upon arriving Pinkwater kills Chris' partner Lex, revealing himself to be a cohort of Kerr's. A firefight ensues, and Chris and Ditch escape using a makeshift rocket car.Taking shelter in the desert, Chris reveals that her real name is Krista Moldova, and that she and her pursuers are former KGB operatives left unemployed due to the collapse of the Soviet Union. "Pinkwater" and his men have fallen in with the Russian mob, and have hijacked a shipment of gold bullion intended for the Moscow reserve, and intend to use it to finance a coup d'état against the democratic Russian government. Using the optical disc retrieved by Ditch, Chris determines the location of the missing Boeing 747 carrying the shipment. She and Ditch get on board and find the gold, but are discovered by Pinkwater's men. The two barely escape, and Ditch decides to quit while Chris heads off to face Pinkwater alone.As Ditch is about to leave on a bus, he finds a picture taken by Chris holding up a sign reading "Ditch Did Not Kill Me", thereby exonerating him. Having a change of heart, Ditch drives off to the airfield just as Pinkwater and his men take off, having kidnapped Chris. Posing as an FAA agent, Ditch convinces a biplane stunt pilot to fly him up and onto the 747. Ditch gets on board just as Chris is stuffed in the trunk of Kerr's sports car to be killed. Ditch and Kerr get into a fight, driving the car out of the cargo hold and plummeting toward the ground below. Ditch manages to force Kerr off sending him falling several thousands of feet to his death, and gets Chris out of the trunk before it hits the ground. The two land in a nearby wind farm, and the plane, damaged in the fight, is forced to land. As police swarm the runway, Chris and Ditch are attacked by a parachuting Pinkwater, and Chris is stabbed in the back. Ditch pulls Pinkwater's back-up chute, sucking him into a nearby turbine and killing him.Some time later, Ditch and Chris receive official commendations at the Kremlin for their actions in preventing the coup.
587	Hour of the Pig, The (1993)	Drama, Mystery	The Hour of the Pig is set in 15th-century France and is based upon the career and case files of Bartholomew Chassenee, an actual lawyer of the time who served as an advocate for animals who were accused of crimes. At the time, animal trials were used to determine if animals were the perpetrators of supernatural mayhem. Animals were subject to the same civil laws and penalties as human beings under French law, 1403–1596.Richard Courtois and his clerk Mathieu have left the decadence of Paris in order to practise law in what they believe to be a quiet rural village, Abbeville, in the province of Ponthieu, then part of Burgundy rather than France. Courtois quickly becomes involved in a number of back-logged cases.For his first case, he defends a farmer who is accused of killing his wife's lover. Courtois gets him acquitted (the farmer mutters, "I should have done him years ago" as he leaves and offers to help Courtois any time). In his next case, Courtois fails to save Jeannine, a woman accused of witchcraft. He asks for rats to be called as witnesses to testify that she did not bribe them to infect her neighbor; when the rats do not appear the following day as summoned, this charge is struck off. However, Courtois is unfamiliar with the difference between the Roman law of France and the Ponthieu customary law, and she is sentenced to be hanged anyway. As she is led away she tells Courtois, "There is darkness all about you, you can bring the light. Look to the boy, maître. Look to the boy." At her execution, Jeannine says she will not curse the town but blesses it, saying a fine knight will arrive and deliver them from their lying and evil.Courtois takes on a case defending a pig that is accused of killing a young Jewish boy. The pig, however, belongs to a band of Moors (alternatively/first thought to be Gypsies, being referred to as coming from "Little Egypt") passing through town. Two of the Moors, Mahmoud and his sister Samira, appeal to Courtois to save the pig, as it is their only source of food for the coming winter. Courtois declines. Samira later enters Courtois's room at night and quietly strips naked, offering her body in return for his services, but he refuses this. The next day he offers her enough money to purchase two pigs, but she does not accept this.As Courtois delves deeper into the case and becomes more involved with Samira, he discovers that there is more at work than a simple murder. His work is brought to the attention of Seigneur Jehan d'Auferre, who has his own designs on Courtois. Soon, Courtois finds that he is being used as a pawn in a complicated game of sociopolitical intrigue that extends beyond mere racism and corruption. The Seigneur subtly offers to bribe Courtois, also hinting that his daughter Filette is available in marriage. The Seigneur's son and daughter are eccentric to the point of insanity. The son's main hobby seems to be torturing birds.Courtois's relationship with Samira becomes common knowledge. The Seigneur decides to sit in at court and uses this knowledge to threaten Courtois into letting the pig be executed. Just as the case seems to be over, the Advent festival begins and the case is adjourned.The prosecutor Pincheon tells Courtois that he moved from Paris to Ponthieu as Courtois did, in order to shine in a village in a way he could not in Paris. He urges Courtois to go back to Paris and not waste his life among ignorant, superstitious peasants.The skeleton of another Jewish boy who went missing over a year ago is found while Courtois's house is being built. Courtois now suspects a human serial killer is at large and the pig has been framed.During the Festival of The Advent, Samira performs for a gathering of notables at the Seigneur's chateau. She is almost arrested for drawing a knife on the Seigneur's son after he pours wine down her blouse. Courtois boldly leads her away. That night, he rescues a boy from a masked horseman wielding an axe.Courtois confronts the Seigneur, telling him his son is the killer. The Seigneur does not deny it and reveals that his son has left for England to be treated. At the trial, the pig is acquitted when Valliere, the farmer Courtois saved in his first case at Abbeville, brings in a replica pig which he claims absconded at the time of the killing.As Courtois leaves, he sees a knight arriving just as Jeannine had foretold. After he has left, the knight takes off his armor to reveal that he bears the characteristic buboes of the Black Death.
588	Beauty and the Beast (1991)	Animation, Children's, Musical	An enchantress disguised as an old beggar woman arrives at a castle and offers a cruel and selfish prince an enchanted rose in exchange for shelter from a storm. When he scornfully declines, she reveals her true form and transforms him into a beast and his servants into household objects as punishment for his cruelty. To break the curse, the prince must learn to love someone and gain that person's love before the last petal of the rose falls on his 21st birthday; otherwise, he will remain a beast forever.Several years later, in a nearby village, Belle, the bookworm daughter of eccentric inventor Maurice, dreams of adventure while constantly rejecting advances from Gaston, an arrogant hunter. One day, Maurice travels to a local fair to present his latest invention, a wood-chopping machine, but becomes lost in the forest. Upon seeking refuge in the Beast's castle, he is eventually detained for trespassing. After Belle finds Maurice locked in the castle dungeon, she offers to take his place as a prisoner; the Beast agrees, though Maurice does not.Belle meets the castle's servants, including candelabra Lumière (who believes that Belle has come to undo the spell), mantel clock Cogsworth, teapot Mrs. Potts, and her son Chip, a teacup. When she finds the enchanted rose, the Beast angrily forces her to flee outside. Wolves ambush Belle, and the Beast rescues her, getting injured in the process. As she nurses his wounds, they develop a rapport.In the village, Maurice fails to convince the townsfolk of the Beast. Hearing Maurice's statements, Gaston bribes Monsieur D'Arque, the warden of the local insane asylum, to have Maurice declared insane and locked up, which Gaston will use to blackmail Belle into marrying him in exchange for Maurice's release. Before they can act, Maurice leaves to attempt a rescue alone. Belle discovers Maurice's predicament via a magic mirror. Out of his love for her, the Beast releases Belle to rescue him. Returning to town, Belle reveals the Beast via the mirror, shocking the townsfolk and proving her father's sanity. Realizing she has fallen for the Beast, Gaston jealously has her thrown into the cellar with Maurice and rallies the villagers to kill the Beast. Chip, who stowed away when Belle left, frees the two with Maurice's machine.As the castle's servants defeat the villagers, Gaston attacks the depressed Beast, who regains his spirit upon seeing Belle return and spares Gaston's life, but Gaston fatally stabs him before losing his footing and falling to his demise. Belle tearfully professes her love to a dying Beast as the last petal falls, which undoes the curse, reviving the Beast, restoring him and his servants to their human forms, and restoring the castle to its true appearance. The prince and Belle later host a ball for the kingdom.
589	Wild Bunch, The (1969)	Western	In 1913 Texas, Pike Bishop, the leader of a gang of aging outlaws, seeks to retire after a final robbery of silver from a railroad payroll office. Corrupt railroad agent Pat Harrigan has hired a posse of bounty hunters led by Pike's former partner Deke Thornton, who ambush and kill more than half of Bishop's gang in a bloody shootout, which also kills many innocent bystanders as Pike uses a serendipitous temperance union parade to shield their getaway.Pike rides off with the only survivors: his close friend Dutch Engstrom, brothers Lyle and Tector Gorch, the inexperienced Angel, and a fifth man blinded and mortally wounded by buckshot, whom Pike mercy-kills. The loot from the robbery turns out to be worthless steel washers planted by Harrigan. Needing money, they head for Mexico accompanied by the cantankerous Freddie Sykes and cross the Rio Grande to the rural village where Angel was born. The village elder warns them about General Mapache, a vicious Huertista officer in the Mexican Federal Army, who has been stealing food and animals from local villages to support his campaign against the forces of Pancho Villa.Pike's gang ask the general for work at his headquarters in the town of Agua Verde. Angel spots his former lover Teresa in Mapache's arms and shoots her dead, angering the general and nearly getting them killed, but Pike defuses the situation. Mapache offers gold to the gang to rob a U.S. Army train so Mapache can resupply his army's dwindling stocks of ammunition and provide samples of American weapons to his German military adviser Commander Mohr.Angel gives his share of the gold to Pike in return for sending one crate of rifles and ammunition to a band of peasant rebels opposed to Mapache. The holdup goes largely as planned until Thornton's posse turns up on the train the gang has robbed and chases them to the Mexican border. The robbers blow up a trestle bridge spanning the Rio Grande as the posse tries to cross, dumping the entire posse into the river, but the exhausted posse continues their pursuit.Pike, anticipating that Mapache might double-cross him, hides the goods and has his men sell them to Mapache in separate amounts. However, Mapache learns from Teresa's mother that Angel stole some of the weapons and reveals this as Angel and Dutch deliver the last of the weapons. Angel desperately tries to escape, only to be captured and beaten. Mapache lets Dutch go after he states that Angel is a thief who deserves to be punished, and Dutch then tells Pike and the others what happened.Sykes is wounded by Thornton's posse while securing spare horses. Dutch criticizes Thornton for working with the railroad, but Pike says Thornton "gave his word" to the railroad and must see it through. Dutch angrily declares, "That ain't what counts, it's who you give it to." Pike and the gang bury most of the gold and return to Agua Verde, where the townspeople and soldiers are drunkenly celebrating the weapons sale and Mapache is dragging Angel through town on a rope tied to the back of his car. Mapache refuses to sell Angel back to the gang, and after a period of reflection while visiting a brothel, Pike and the others arm themselves to rescue their friend by force.Mapache initially agrees to release Angel, only to cut his throat at the last second. The gang instantly opens fire and guns down the general. While the nearby soldiers are frozen in shock, Pike calmly takes aim and kills Mohr. This begins a bloody gunfight that kills Pike, Dutch, the Gorch Brothers, Mohr's aide, every member of Mapache's staff, and most of the assembled troops.Thornton arrives and finds Pike already dead. Thornton finds a loaded revolver on Pike's belt and takes it as a sign that the days of men like him are over. Feeling outdated and tired, Thornton allows the remaining posse members to greedily strip Pike and his men of their possessions before taking them back to Texas for the bounty, while he stays behind. After some time, Sykes arrives with the elder from Angel's village and a band of rebels, indicating that they caught up with the bounty hunters, avenged the gang's deaths, and buried them properly. Sykes invites Thornton to join the coming revolution against the Mexican government. Thornton smiles and rides off with them.
590	Hellraiser: Bloodline (1996)	Action, Horror, Sci-Fi	In 2127, Dr. Paul Merchant, an engineer, seals himself in a room aboard The Minos, a space station that he designed. As armed guards attempt to break through the door, Merchant manipulates a robot into solving the Lament Configuration, destroying the robot in the process. The guards break through the door and apprehend Merchant, who agrees to explain his motivations to their leader, Rimmer.The film flashes back to Paris, France, 1796. Dr. Merchant's ancestor, Phillip LeMarchand, a French toymaker, makes the Lament Configuration on commission from the libertine aristocrat Duc de L'Isle. Unbeknownst to LeMarchand, L'Isle's specifications for the box make it a portal to Hell. Upon delivering the box to L'Isle, LeMarchand watches as he and his assistant Jacques sacrifice a peasant girl and use her flayed-off skin to summon a demon, Angelique, through the box. LeMarchand runs home in terror, where he begins working on blueprints for a second box which will neutralize the effects of the first. Returning to L'Isle's mansion to steal the box, LeMarchand discovers that Jacques has killed L'Isle and taken control over Angelique, who agrees to be his slave so long as he does not impede the wishes of Hell. The pair kill LeMarchand, and Jacques informs him that his bloodline is now cursed for helping to open a portal to Hell.In 1996, LeMarchand's descendant, John Merchant, has built a skyscraper in Manhattan that resembles the Lament Configuration. Seeing an article on the building in a magazine, Angelique asks Jacques to take her to the United States so that she can confront him. When Jacques denies her request, Angelique kills him, as Merchant poses a threat to Hell. Angelique travels to the United States, where she fails to seduce Merchant. Discovering the Lament Configuration in the building's foundation, Angelique tricks Sharpe, a building patron, into solving it, which summons Pinhead. The two immediately clash, as Pinhead represents a shift in the ideologies of Hell, which she left behind two hundred years ago: while Angelique believes in corrupting people through temptation, Pinhead is fanatically devoted to pain and suffering. Despite their conflicting views, the pair forge an uneasy alliance to kill Merchant before he can complete the Elysium Configuration, an anti-Lament Configuration that creates perpetual light and would serve to permanently close all gateways to Hell.Angelique and Pinhead initially collaborate to corrupt Merchant, but Pinhead grows tired of Angelique's seductive techniques and threatens to kill Merchant's wife and child Bobbi and Jack. Having grown accustomed to a decadent life on Earth, Angelique wants no part of Hell's new fanatical austerity, and she intends to force Merchant to activate the Elysium Configuration and destroy Hell, thus freeing her from its imperatives. However, Merchant's flawed prototype fails. Pinhead kills Merchant, but Bobbi opens Angelique's Lament Configuration, sending Pinhead and Angelique back to Hell.In 2127, Rimmer disbelieves Dr. Merchant's story and has him locked away. Pinhead and his followers – now including an enslaved Angelique – have already been freed after Dr. Merchant opened the box. Upon learning of Dr. Merchant's intentions, they kill the entire crew of the ship, save for Rimmer and Dr. Merchant, who escape. Dr. Merchant reveals that the Minos is, in fact, the final, perfected form of the Elysium Configuration, and that by activating it, he can kill Pinhead and permanently seal the gateway to Hell.Dr. Merchant distracts Pinhead with a hologram while he boards an escape pod with Rimmer. Once clear of the station, he activates the Elysium Configuration. A series of powerful lasers and mirrors create a field of perpetual light, while the station transforms and folds around the light to create a massive box. The light is trapped within the box, killing Pinhead and his followers, thus ending Pinhead's existence, this time, permanently.
591	Primal Fear (1996)	Drama, Thriller	Martin Vail is an arrogant Chicago defense attorney, known for defending undesirable but high-profile clients, including doctor (and alleged mob boss) Joey Piñero. Vail was previously a state prosecuting attorney, but after finding it to be a dead-end career, he became a defense attorney. Fond of the spotlight, Vail is profiled for a magazine cover story, then attempts to rekindle a casual relationship with former colleague, prosecutor Janet Venable. Publicly beloved Archbishop Rushman is found murdered and mutilated in his bedroom. Aaron Stampler, a 19-year-old altar boy from Kentucky, is caught fleeing the scene covered in blood and subsequently charged with murder. Vail offers to defend him pro bono. The meek, stuttering Aaron claims to be innocent, but is prone to amnesia and unable to remember what happened about the murder. He claims a third person was in the room. Vail believes Aaron, while the state's attorney, John Shaughnessy, assigns Venable to prosecute the case and pursue the death penalty. At Aaron's apartment, Vail's investigator Tommy Goodman is attacked by another altar boy, Alex, who flees. Neuropsychologist Dr. Molly Arrington interviews Aaron about his difficult childhood, his memory lapses, and his missing girlfriend, Linda. With help from Piñero, Vail discovers that powerful civic leaders, including Shaughnessy, lost millions in real estate investments due to Rushman's decision not to develop church-owned land, which includes a pro bono clinic owned and operated by Piñero. A passage linked to The Scarlet Letter was carved into Rushman's chest, which the police interpret as the murder motive and denouncing the archbishop as "two-faced". Vail and Goodman find Alex, who claims he was searching for an incriminating VHS cassette in Aaron's apartment. Removing the tape from the archbishop's closet at the crime scene, thus not properly entering it into the chain of custody, Vail and his team discover multiple footage filmed by the archbishop in which he coerces Aaron, Linda, and Alex to engage in sexual acts. Vail and his team assume that Rushman threatened the youths with eviction from their group home, providing a motive for Aaron to murder Rushman.Vail angrily confronts Aaron about concealing information, but he denies the accusations, becoming increasingly distressed as he continues to press him. Aaron's demeanor abruptly shifts from deferential to aggressive, and he chastises Vail for "scaring off" Aaron. This violent personality, calling himself Roy, admits to killing the archbishop but threatens Vail not to introduce the tape at trial. Suddenly, he reverts to Aaron's docile personality, with no recollection of the episode. Dr. Arrington concludes that Aaron has dissociative identity disorder caused by years of abuse by both his father and, later, Rushman. Vail grows conflicted, knowing that he could acquit his client via an insanity defense, but he cannot legally change his strategy mid-trial. Vail delivers the evidence anonymously to Venable, forcing her to use the tape as proof of Aaron's motive, at the risk of tarnishing the archbishop and generating sympathy for Aaron. Shaughnessy demands that she destroy the evidence, but she refuses and introduces it in court. Piñero is discovered murdered, and Vail surprises the court by calling Shaughnessy as a witness. Vail suggests he resented the archbishop for stopping the $60 million land development deal, and accuses him of concealing previous evidence of the archbishop's sexual predation, and being complicit in Piñero's death. The judge intervenes and fines Vail for using the courtroom for his personal vendettas. She also dismisses Dr. Arrington's testimony as it leans too close to an insanity plea. Vail calls Aaron to the stand, intentionally triggering him to become Roy, who screams obscenities and assaults Venable. The judge dismisses the jury in favor of a bench trial to declare Aaron not guilty by reason of insanity. Vail informs Aaron that he will be remanded to a psychiatric hospital for treatment and likely released. When Aaron expresses remorse for injuring Venable's neck, Vail realizes Aaron was aware of his actions during the attack. Aaron commends the attorney for his insight; he brags he murdered Linda and Rushman without remorse and faked having multiple personalities. He reveals there was never a "Aaron." Vail leaves the courthouse through a back door, stunned and disillusioned.
592	True Crime (1995)	Mystery, Thriller	True Detective (originally True Detective Mysteries) was an American true crime magazine published from 1924 to 1995. It initiated the true crime magazine genre, and during its peak from the 1940s to the early 1960s it sold millions of copies and spawned numerous imitators. For most of its run, it was published by Macfadden Publications.
593	Stalingrad (1993)	War	In August 1942, German soldiers on leave in Cervo, Liguria, Italy, are decorated for their participation at the First Battle of El Alamein and then board a rail transport to the Eastern Front. Unteroffizier Manfred "Rollo" Rohleder and Obergefreiter Fritz Reiser are introduced to Leutnant Hans von Witzland, their inexperienced new platoon leader. Witzland's platoon is thrown into the Battle of Stalingrad under the command of Hauptmann Hermann Musk. Musk's company suffers heavy casualties in an assault on a factory. Witzland, surrounded in a shattered building with his platoon, arranges a ceasefire with the Soviets so both sides can collect their wounded. One of Witzland's men opens fire during the exchange and a Russian boy named Kolya ends up with the Germans. The platoon is attacked the next day. Witzland, Reiser, Rollo, Emigholtz, and "G.G." Müller escape through the sewer and Kolya runs away. Witzland gets separated from the others and captures a female Soviet soldier named Irina who offers to lead him to safety, then pushes him into the water and escapes. Witzlan reunites with the squad, and Emigholtz loses a leg to a boobytrap. At a crowded aid station Reiser threatens a doctor's assistant at gunpoint to treat Emigholtz, who dies shortly after. Military Police Hauptmann Haller arrests the men, remembering an earlier encounter with Witzland regarding the treatment of Soviet prisoners. Four weeks later, Witzland and his men are disarming land mines in a penal battalion, joined by a disgraced officer known only as Otto. Winter has set in and the Soviets have surrounded the German Sixth Army. Hauptmann Musk reassigns the penal battalion to combat duty. The men threaten to mutiny unless their crimes are pardoned and Musk agrees. Shortly after Musk joins Witzland's platoon in repelling a Soviet tank and infantry attack. Witzland and his surviving men are reinstated, and then ordered by Hauptmann Haller to execute civilians accused of sabotage, including Kolya. Despite Reiser's and Witzland's protests, they participate in the executions.Kolya's killing further demoralizes the German soldiers; Witzland, G.G., and Reiser decide to desert. They head to Pitomnik Airfield in hopes of catching a plane back to Germany, stealing medical tags from fallen soldiers so they can be evacuated with the wounded. The last transport plane takes off as they arrive at Pitomnik, and the trio return to their shelter where Musk is suffering from severe trench foot. A German supply plane drops provisions near the shelter, but Haller appears and chides them at gunpoint for their lack of discipline. Otto shoots him with a concealed handgun but Haller shoots G.G. as he falls, killing him. Haller pleads for his life and admits to hoarding supplies in a nearby house before Otto executes him.Musk, Witzland, Otto, Rohleder and Reiser find the house, with cellar shelves stocked with food and liquor. Irina is discovered tied to a bed. Witzland cuts her free. Ashamed of being raped by Germans and being a collaborator for the Germans, she tries to provoke Witzland into killing her. He refuses, and she balks at committing suicide. The others play cards and unwind until the dying Musk orders them to rejoin the fighting. Otto commits suicide. Rollo carries Musk outside. Musk dies, and Rollo witnesses survivors of the Sixth Army surrendering to the Soviets.Irina guides Witzland and Reiser away from the city but is shot by Russian soldiers out on the snowy steppe. Witzland is wounded and overwhelmed with grief, and becomes too weak to walk. Reiser, cradling Witzland's body in the accumulating snow, freezes to death.
594	Heavy (1995)	Drama, Romance	This is a timeline documenting the events of heavy metal music in the year 1995.
595	Fan, The (1996)	Thriller	Gil Renard is a troubled baseball fan whose favorite team, the San Francisco Giants, have just signed a $40 million contract with his favorite player, Bobby Rayburn. His ex-wife Ellen obtains a restraining order to keep him away from herself and their son after Gil leaves his son to attend a sales meeting, but finds that his client is at a baseball game. Gil is fired from his job as a knife salesman when he insults a prospective customer.Gil begins obsessing over Rayburn. When Rayburn suffers a chest injury that causes fans to be upset by his underperformance, Gil antagonizes fans who jeer him. Rayburn has also been in an open conflict with teammate Juan Primo due to both men wanting to keep jersey number 11, culminating in a physical fight. Gil, thinking that Primo is to blame for Rayburn's performance, confronts him in a hotel sauna in an attempt to persuade him to let Rayburn have the number. Primo reveals his shoulder, branded with the number 11, and refuses. This leads to a struggle in which Gil fatally stabs Primo. After feeling guilty about Primo's death, Rayburn starts playing well again. Gil believes that what he did benefited Rayburn and the team.Thinking that Rayburn does not acknowledge his fans, Gil goes to his beach house and saves his son Sean from drowning. Gil persuades Rayburn to play a friendly game of catch on the beach. Rayburn states that he stopped caring about the game after Primo's death because he felt that there were more important things in life. He also tells Gil that he has lost respect for the fans, remarking on their fickle nature—when he is hitting, they love him, but when he is not, they hate him. An angered Gil almost hits Rayburn with a fastball and launches into a diatribe. Rayburn is disturbed, especially when Gil takes off his jacket to reveal Rayburn's uniform underneath and asks if he is happy that Primo's no longer around.Rayburn soon discovers that Gil has kidnapped Sean and has left a piece of branded flesh from Primo's shoulder in the freezer. Disillusioned with Rayburn's disrespect toward the fans, Gil spirals further into insanity and acts as if Sean is his own son. He drives to see an old friend, Coop, a catcher with whom Gil has often spoken playing in his past. Coop tries to help Sean escape and reveals that the only time when he and Gil ever played together was in Little League. Gil beats Coop to death with a baseball bat and takes Sean to a baseball field, hiding him there.Gil contacts Rayburn to make one demand: hit a home run in the upcoming game and dedicate it to Gil, or else he will kill his son. With the police on high alert, Gil enters Candlestick Park in the midst of an on-and-off thunderstorm. Rayburn struggles with his emotions while at bat. After several pitches, he finally hits the ball deep into the outfield but not over the fence. Rayburn attempts to score an inside-the-park home run. He is called out, although he is obviously safe. Rayburn argues with the umpire, who turns out to be Gil in disguise.Rayburn knocks Gil to the ground. Dozens of cops and Giants players swarm onto the field and confront Gil. Before the cops arrive, Gil stabs another player, Lanz, who tries to tackle him, as well as Rayburn. Despite warnings from the police, Gil goes into an exaggerated pitching motion with the knife in hand. He asks Rayburn if he cares about baseball, then assumes that he cares "just a little bit". Rayburn desperately asks Gil where Sean is, but Gil nonchalantly says that he is in the "big stadium in the sky". Gil is shot dead as he is about to throw the knife. Police discover Sean at the Little League field, named the Stadium in the Sky, where Gil once played in his childhood. They uncover his obsession with Rayburn, as hundreds of newspaper clippings adorn his hideout. A picture on the wall shows Gil in his past glory, playing Little League baseball and winning a championship game.
596	Hunchback of Notre Dame, The (1996)	Animation, Children's, Musical	In 1482 Paris, Clopin, a Romani puppeteer, narrates the story of a mysterious bell-ringer to a group of children.A group of Roma immigrating to Paris are ambushed by Judge Claude Frollo, Paris' Minister of Justice, and his soldiers. One woman attempts to flee with her baby, reaching the doors of Notre Dame pleading for sanctuary. Frollo chases her down and knocks her onto the cathedral's steps, where she fractures her skull and dies. Seeing her baby's deformed appearance, Frollo believes it to be a demon and tries drowning the child but is stopped by the archdeacon, who scolds Frollo for murdering an innocent woman. Afraid for his soul, Frollo reluctantly agrees to raise the child as his own, naming him "Quasimodo" (meaning 'half-formed') and hiding him away in the cathedral's bell tower.Twenty years later, Quasimodo has grown into a kind yet isolated young man, now with a pronounced hunchback caused by kyphosis. He is also incredibly strong and agile, due to years of ringing Notre Dame's heavy bells and climbing its roofs and walls. He has lived his entire life in the cathedral with his only company being a trio of living stone gargoyles Victor, Hugo, and Laverne. The gargoyles encourage him to attend the annual Festival of Fools, despite Frollo's warnings that he would be shunned for his appearance. Quasimodo attends and is celebrated for his appearance but then, prompted by Frollo's guards, is humiliated by the crowd. Frollo refuses Quasimodo's pleas for help, but he is rescued by Esmeralda, a kind Romani woman who stands up to Frollo for his tyranny. Intending to commit genocide against Romani people living in Paris, Frollo orders Esmeralda's arrest, but she escapes using a magic trick.Quasimodo retreats back into the cathedral, followed by Esmeralda and Captain Phoebus of Frollo's guard. Phoebus refuses to arrest her for witchcraft inside Notre Dame and instead tells Frollo that she has claimed asylum. Esmeralda finds and befriends Quasimodo, who helps her escape Notre Dame out of gratitude for defending him. She entrusts Quasimodo with a pendant containing a map to the Romani hideout called the Court of Miracles. Frollo develops an obsessive lust for Esmeralda and, upon realizing this, begs the Virgin Mary to save him from her "spell" and avoid eternal damnation.When Frollo discovers Esmeralda's escape, he searches for her, bribing and arresting Roma and setting fire to houses while trying to find her. Phoebus defies Frollo when ordered to burn down a house with a family inside and Frollo orders him executed. Phoebus flees but is struck by an arrow and falls into the River Seine, where he is found by Esmeralda and taken to Notre Dame for refuge. The gargoyles encourage Quasimodo to confess his feelings for Esmeralda, but he is heartbroken to discover she and Phoebus have fallen in love. Realizing that Quasimodo helped Esmeralda escape, Frollo tells him he knows about the Court of Miracles and plans to attack it at dawn. Using the map Esmeralda gave him, Quasimodo and Phoebus find the court to warn the Roma, only for Frollo to follow them and capture all the Roma present.When Esmeralda again rejects Frollo's advances, he attempts to burn her at the stake at Place du Parvis, but Quasimodo swoops down and carries her to the cathedral tower, crying "Sanctuary!" from the ledge. When Frollo attempts to seize the cathedral, Phoebus releases the Roma and rallies the Paris citizens against Frollo's guards. Quasimodo and the gargoyles pour molten lead onto the streets to prevent anyone entering, but Frollo himself manages to break into the cathedral beforehand. Violating the tradition of sanctuary, he pursues Quasimodo and Esmeralda to the bell tower with the intent of killing them both. He and Quasimodo fight, eventually both falling from a ledge. Frollo plummets to his death in the molten lead while Quasimodo is saved by Phoebus. Afterwards, Quasimodo accepts Phoebus and Esmeralda's love, and he gives them his blessing. They encourage him to leave the cathedral; when he does so, the people of Paris hail him as a hero.
597	Eraser (1996)	Action, Thriller	John Kruger, a U.S. Marshal who specializes in "erasing" witnesses, is given a new assignment by his superior, Arthur Beller: Lee Cullen has alerted the FBI that Cyrez executives have financed the creation of an electromagnetic rifle, which they intend to sell on the black market.Lee downloads data from the weapon's development onto two discs. Cyrez Vice President William Donahue detects Lee's intrusion and summons her for a meeting. After discovering her alliance with the FBI, Donahue commits suicide. Lee delivers the disc but refuses Kruger's offer to go into protection. The FBI's disc is replaced with a fake on the orders of Under Secretary of Defense Daniel Harper.Lee is attacked by mercenaries sent by Cyrez CEO Eugene Morehart but is rescued by Kruger, who learns that several other witnesses are being murdered due to someone in WITSEC leaking information. The agency is now transferring all witnesses to other locations. Kruger helps his mentor Robert DeGuerin raid a cabin and rescue the latter's witness from a team of assassins. DeGuerin murders the witness when she overhears one of her captors reveal that he is the mole.DeGuerin drugs Kruger, who manages to warn Lee before losing consciousness. The call is traced to New York City and DeGuerin kills his innocent deputy Monroe with Kruger's gun. When Kruger awakens, DeGuerin tries to blackmail him into giving up Lee and even offers to cut him in on the highly lucrative deal he is apparently planning. Kruger fends them off and escapes from the plane to rescue Lee from the same mercenaries who tried to kill her before. Kruger and Lee flee through New York City Zoo.DeGuerin has Kruger and Lee branded as fugitives. The pair infiltrate Cyrez with the aid of Johnny Casteleone, a witness Kruger recently erased, and use Donahue's terminal to decrypt Lee's second disc. The disc reveals that a shipment of rifles has been stashed at the docks in Baltimore. The buyer is Russian mafia boss, Sergei Ivanovich Petrofsky, who plans to resell the weapons to terrorists. The company detects the intrusion and erases the disc; DeGuerin and his men capture Lee, but Kruger escapes.Casteleone contacts his cousin Tony "Two-Toes", who controls the docks. They kill Petrofsky and everyone else. DeGuerin tries to shoot Lee, but Kruger comes to her aid and destroys the system on the crane. He then secures DeGuerin, proving his and Lee's innocence. DeGuerin, Harper, and Morehart are indicted for treason, but when it becomes clear that they will likely be acquitted in court, Kruger fakes his and Lee's deaths in an explosion.DeGuerin, Harper, and Morehart leave in a limo that suddenly stops at a railroad crossing. The driver, revealed to be Casteleone, locks the doors and exits the vehicle. Kruger calls DeGuerin with his iconic words, "You've just been erased!" at which point a freight train plows into the limo, killing all three men in it. Kruger returns to Lee, who asks what happened, to which he responds, "They caught a train." Then, they drive off to start a new life.
598	Big Squeeze, The (1996)	Comedy, Drama	Squeeze are a British rock band active from 1974 to 1982, from 1985 to 1999, and from 2007 to the present date. Founded by Glenn Tilbrook (guitar, vocals), Chris Difford (guitar, vocals), Jools Holland (keyboards) and Paul Gunn (drums), the group have released 15 studio albums, 14 compilation albums, 4 live albums, 1 extended play, 48 singles and 34 music videos. All Squeeze's hits are written by Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford.
599	Police Story 4: Project S (Chao ji ji hua) (1993)	Action	Ka-Kui is the "supercop" of the Hong Kong police with amazing martial arts skills. He is sent to Guangzhou, where the Chinese police force's Interpol director, Superintendent Jessica Yang, briefs him on his next assignment. The target is Chaibat, a drug lord based in Hong Kong. To infiltrate Chaibat's organization, Ka-Kui must get close to Panther, Chaibat's henchman, who is being held in a Chinese prison camp. Ka-Kui, posing as a fellow prisoner, aids Panther's escape. A grateful Panther invites Ka-Kui to go with him to Hong Kong and join Chaibat's gang. Panther meets up with some of his other men, and vouches for Ka-Kui. The group heads for Hong Kong.On the way, they pass through Ka-Kui's supposed home village, and Panther insists that Ka-Kui visit his family there. He does not actually know anyone in the village, but is pleasantly relieved to be greeted by undercover police posing as his family, with Yang as his sister. After a confrontation with local police - who are unaware of the undercover operation - in a restaurant, Ka-Kui and Yang (who is also a skilled martial-artist) escape after a big fight, which concludes with Yang faking the killing of a policeman. This secures Panther's trust in the pair.In Hong Kong, Chaibat welcomes Ka-Kui and Yang to his luxurious hide-out. He takes them with him to a big opium grower's fortified compound in the Golden Triangle military camp of Thailand, for a meeting of big-time heroin traffickers. During the meeting, Chaibat's gang attack from outside while Ka-Kui and Yang protect him inside. In a huge gun battle, Chaibat's gang kill the rival traffickers and their guards, and smash up the compound. The grower survives, but will now sell only to Chaibat at Chaibat's price.In Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Chaibat's wife, Chen Wen-Shi, is sentenced to death for drug trafficking. Chaibat needs to get her out of prison, as only she knows the codes to his Swiss bank account, and will not reveal them unless freed. Chaibat brings his gang, now including Ka-Kui and Yang, to Kuala Lumpur to stage a jailbreak.A new difficulty arises when Ka-Kui sees his girlfriend May, a tour guide, in Kuala Lumpur leading a party of Hong Kong tourists. After seeing Ka-Kui accompanying Yang at the luxurious hotel where Chaibat's gang are staying, May jealously confronts Ka-Kui, nearly blowing his cover. Later, Ka-Kui gets May alone and explains the situation. She manages to prevent him from inadvertently blowing his own cover, but is then overheard recounting the tale to a co-worker by one of Panther's men. Chaibat takes May hostage, and forces Ka-Kui and Yang – their cover now blown – to help free Chen as ransom.Chen's jailbreak is successful, but May's release turns sour when Chaibat pushes her from his helicopter. May survives, and a furious Ka-Kui and Yang pursue Chaibat and his men over the roads, rooftops (where Ka-Kui and Yang defeat Panther and his partner), and skies of Kuala Lumpur. Atop a moving train, Chaibat is killed when his helicopter collides with a bridge and lands on him. Yang and Ka-Kui recapture Chen, with the trio collectively saving themselves from falling beneath the moving train. Chen decides to tell Yang and Ka-Kui the password to Chaibat's bank account. The two partners argue whether Hong Kong or China will get the money.
600	Daniel Defoe's Robinson Crusoe (1996)	Children's	Friday is one of the main characters of Daniel Defoe's 1719 novel Robinson Crusoe and its sequel The Farther Adventures of Robinson Crusoe. Robinson Crusoe names the man Friday, with whom he cannot at first communicate, because they first meet on that day. The character is the source of the expression "Man Friday", used to describe a male personal assistant or servant, especially one who is particularly competent or loyal. It is possible that a Miskito pirate by the name of Will became the inspiration for the character Friday.
601	For Whom the Bell Tolls (1943)	Adventure, War	During the Spanish Civil War, an American language teacher, Robert Jordan, who lived in Spain during the pre-war period, fights in the International Brigades against Francisco Franco's forces. An experienced dynamiter, Jordan is ordered to travel behind enemy lines and destroy a critical bridge with the aid of a band of local anti-fascist guerrillas. The bridge must be blown up to prevent enemy troops from traveling across it to respond to an upcoming offensive against the fascists.Jordan meets an old man, Anselmo, who is a guerrilla fighter who will serve as Jordan's liaison with the local guerrilla fighters. Anselmo leads Jordan to a group of Republican guerrillas who are led by a middle-aged man named Pablo. Jordan falls in love with one of the guerrillas, a young woman named María. María's life was shattered by her parents' execution and her gang-rape at the hands of the Falangists (part of the fascist coalition) at the outbreak of the war. Jordan has a strong sense of duty, which clashes with the unwillingness of the guerrilla leader Pablo to commit to helping with the bridge-blowing operation, as it would endanger him and his band. At the same time, Jordan develops a new-found lust for life which arises from his love for María. Pablo's wife Pilar displaces Pablo as the group leader and pledges the guerrillas' allegiance to Jordan's mission. However, when another band of anti-fascist guerrillas, led by El Sordo, is surrounded and killed in a desperate last stand, Pablo destroys Jordan's dynamite detonation equipment, hoping to prevent the bridge demolition and thereby avoid fascist reprisals on his camp. Later, Pablo regrets abandoning his comrades and returns to assist in the operation.However, the enemy, apprised of the coming offensive, has prepared to ambush the Republicans in force and it seems unlikely that blowing up the bridge will do much to prevent a rout. Regardless, Jordan understands that he must still demolish the bridge in an attempt to prevent fascist reinforcements from overwhelming his allies. Lacking the equipment destroyed by Pablo, Jordan and Anselmo improvise an alternative method to explode the dynamite by using hand grenades. Jordan attaches wires to the grenades so that their pins can be pulled from a distance. This improvised plan is considerably more dangerous than using conventional detonators, because the men must increase their proximity to the explosion.While the guerrilla fighters—Pablo, Pilar, and María—create a diversion for Jordan and Anselmo, the two men plant and detonate the dynamite, costing Anselmo his life when he is hit by a piece of debris from the falling bridge. While the guerrillas are escaping on horseback, Jordan is maimed when a fascist tank shoots his horse out from under him. Jordan cannot feel his legs and he knows that if his comrades stop to rescue him, they too will be captured or killed. He bids goodbye to María and ensures that she escapes to safety with the surviving guerrillas. Armed with a Lewis machine gun, he waits until the horse-mounted fascist soldiers appear in his gun sights. He then pulls the trigger, firing a sweeping barrage at the oncoming soldiers. The film ends with Jordan firing the Lewis gun directly at the camera.
602	American in Paris, An (1951)	Musical, Romance	American World War II veteran Jerry Mulligan lives in Paris trying to succeed as an artist. His friend and neighbor Adam Cook is a struggling concert pianist and longtime associate of French singer Henri Baurel. At the ground-floor bar in their building, Henri tells Adam about his girlfriend, Lise Bouvier. Jerry then joins them before going out to try and sell his art.Lonely heiress Milo Roberts notices Jerry displaying his work in Montmartre. She buys two paintings, then brings Jerry to her apartment to pay him. Jerry accepts an invitation to her dinner party for that evening, and on the way home, he sings "I Got Rhythm" with some local children. Upon discovering he is Milo's sole dinner guest, an offended Jerry says he is uninterested in being a paid escort. Milo insists she only wants to support his career.At a crowded bar, Milo offers to sponsor an art show for Jerry. Milo's friends show up and while everyone is talking, Jerry notices a beautiful young girl at the next table. He pretends they know each other and asks her to dance, unaware it is Lise, the girl Henri loves. Lise, uninterested in Jerry, rebuffs him, but Jerry persists. Milo is upset that Jerry flirted with another girl in her presence and abruptly leaves. In the car, she tearfully criticizes Jerry for being rude and inconsiderate.The next day, Jerry calls Lise, but she tells him to leave her alone. Meanwhile, Milo has arranged a showing with a collector interested in Jerry's work. Before the meeting, Jerry goes to the parfumerie where Lise works and his persistence finally wins her over. She agrees to meet him that evening, but wants to avoid public places; they share a romantic song and dance along the banks of the Seine River. Lise then rushes off to meet Henri after his performance ("I'll Build a Stairway to Paradise"). Henri tells Lise he is going on tour in America and proposes marriage to her.Later, Adam humorously daydreams he is performing Gershwin's Concerto in F for Piano and Orchestra in a concert hall. As the scene progresses, Adam is also the conductor, other musicians, and even an audience member enthusiastically applauding at the end.Milo rents Jerry a lavish art studio and tells him she is planning an exhibition of his work in three months time. Jerry initially refuses the studio, but accepts on condition he will repay Milo when his work sells. After a month of courting, Jerry brings Lise to his apartment building. When Lise suddenly rushes off in the waiting taxi, Jerry is confused and complains to Adam, who realizes that Henri and Jerry are in love with the same girl. Henri and Jerry later discuss the girl they each love ("'S Wonderful") without realizing it is Lise.That night, Jerry and Lise meet by the Seine. Lise informs him that she and Henri are to be married and will be going to America. Lise feels duty-bound to Henri for protecting her during the war. Jerry and Lise proclaim their love for each other before parting.Dejected, Jerry invites Milo to the art students' masked ball, where they run into Henri and Lise. Jerry admits to Milo that he loves Lise. When Henri overhears Jerry and Lise saying goodbye, he realizes the truth. As Henri and Lise drive away, Jerry fantasizes through a diverse and extended dance scene with Lise, all over Paris, and set to George Gershwin's An American in Paris. A car horn breaks Jerry's reverie; Henri returns Lise to him. They embrace and leave together as Gershwin's music and the film ends.
603	Rear Window (1954)	Mystery, Thriller	Professional photojournalist L.B. "Jeff" Jefferies, recuperating from adventurous assignment-related injuries, in a cast from his waist to his foot, is confined to a wheelchair in his Greenwich Village apartment. His mid-floor rear window looks out onto a courtyard with small garden plots, surrounded on four sides by apartments in adjoining buildings. Jeff is regularly visited by Stella, a middle-aged nurse, and his couture-dressed girlfriend, Lisa Fremont, a socialite who works in fashion.During a heat wave, Jeff watches his neighbors through open windows, including a professional dancer coined "Miss Torso"; a songwriter with writer's block; a spinster who pantomimes dates with pretend suitors, "Miss Lonely-Hearts"; and traveling costume jewelry salesman Lars Thorwald, who is hen-pecked by his bedridden wife. One night, Jeff hears a woman scream followed by the sound of breaking glass. Later that night, Jeff wakes as a thunderstorm breaks; he observes Thorwald making repeated excursions carrying his Halliburton aluminum sample case. After Jeff has fallen asleep, Thorwald leaves his apartment along with a woman obscured by a large black hat.The next morning, Jeff notices the Thorwald's shades are drawn, Thorwald's wife seems to be gone, and Jeff sees him cleaning a large knife and handsaw. Movers haul away a large trunk. After surveilling with binoculars and a camera with a telephoto lens, Jeff grows suspicious of Thorwald's activities. Convinced that Thorwald has murdered his wife, he first tells Stella, who becomes morbidly interested in the case, and then Lisa, who doubts him until they notice that Thorwald's wife is no longer in bed and the mattress is rolled up.Jeff calls his friend, detective Tom Doyle, to request that he investigate Thorwald. While skeptical, Doyle thoroughly investigates, finds nothing suspicious, and posits that the Thorwalds were having marital problems, and Thorwald had sent his wife on a vacation upstate. Temporarily mollified by this explanation, Jeff and Lisa begin to question their "rear window ethics". Later that night, however, a neighbor’s dog is found dead in the courtyard; the previous day Thorwald had chased the dog away from digging his garden flowerbed. The dog's alarmed owner cries out, drawing the attention of everyone except Thorwald, who sits furtively in his dark apartment. Now convinced his theory is true, Jeff looks at slides taken two weeks earlier and notices that Thorwald has re-planted flowers in his garden, possibly to bury a body part. The following night, Jeff telephones to lure Thorwald away from his apartment, enabling Lisa and Stella to investigate Thorwald's flowerbed. Finding nothing, Lisa decides to climb into Thorwald's open window to search his apartment. Stella hurries back to Jeff. While Lisa is searching, Jeff and Stella are distracted when they see Miss Lonely-Hearts contemplating an overdose; they call the police. Coincidentally, the songwriter has finished his song "Lisa," playing it loudly; enthralled by the tune, Miss Lonely-Hearts abandons her suicide attempt. In the interim, Thorwald unexpectedly returns and catches Lisa, who attempts to talk her way out of trouble. Unconvinced, Thorwald attacks her, causing Lisa to cry out. The operator finally connects Jeff with the police, and he reports that a man is assaulting a woman at Thorwald's apartment. The police arrive to intervene as Lisa and Thorwald scuffle. During police questioning, Lisa signals to Jeff that she is wearing Mrs. Thorwald's wedding ring. Seeing this, Thorwald realizes Jeff is surveilling his apartment. Rather than expose Thorwald, Lisa allows herself to be arrested for breaking and entering so she can get to safety.Jeff phones Doyle and leaves an urgent message while Stella leaves to bail Lisa out of jail. Locating Jeff’s apartment, Thorwald attacks him; Jeff’s only defense in a darkened apartment is snapping camera flash bulbs in Thorwald’s eyes. While they grapple, Doyle and other officers arrive, followed by Lisa and Stella. Police apprehend Thorwald just as he drops Jeff out of his window. Thorwald confesses his wife's murder to the police.A few days later, the heat wave has broken, and life in the apartment complex has returned to normal. Miss Lonely-Hearts is seen socializing with the songwriter in his studio apartment while he plays music, Thorwald's neighbors get a new puppy, Miss Torso's homely-looking boyfriend Stanley returns from army deployment, and the newlyweds honeymoon period has ended. Having broken his other leg in the fall, Jeff is still wheelchair-bound, now with both legs in casts. Lisa is seen stretched out next to him, wearing more casual attire and reading a travel book. After noticing Jeff asleep, she puts aside the book on exploration titled Beyond the High Himalayas and turns instead to read Harper's Bazaar.
604	It Happened One Night (1934)	Comedy	Wall Street heiress Ellie Andrews has eloped with glamorous pilot King Westley. Her father Alexander senses that Westley married Ellie for her money. Mr. Andrews sequesters Ellie on his Florida yacht while his lawyers arrange an annulment. However, Ellie breaks out and swims to shore, where she boards a Greyhound bus bound for New York City to reunite with Westley. Mr. Andrews makes headlines by putting out a $10,000 reward (equivalent to $235,050 in 2024) for her safe return.On the bus, Ellie meets Peter Warne, a newly unemployed newspaper reporter. Peter is annoyed by Ellie, who expects special treatment and lacks practical life skills. However, he is drawn to Ellie's strong personality and helps her after a thief steals most of her money. During a scheduled stop in Jacksonville, Ellie misses the bus, having assumed that the driver would wait for her. Peter reads the headlines about Ellie's escape and stays behind to accompany her. He gives her a choice: if she gives him an exclusive on her story, he will help her get back to New York. If not, he will tell her father where she is. Ellie agrees.Because there are no more buses that day, Peter and Ellie rent a motel room together. Peter strings up a makeshift room divider between their respective beds, which he jokingly calls the "walls of Jericho". In the morning, Mr. Andrews' private detectives question Peter and Ellie. They evade the detectives by pretending to be a married couple having a stormy argument.When the next bus ditches into a swamp, Peter and Ellie try hitchhiking. They argue about Ellie's privilege and Peter's cockiness, but begin to fall in love. Peter tries and fails to hail a series of cars, while Ellie succeeds on her first attempt by displaying a leg. However, the driver Ellie hails is a highwayman who drives away with their luggage. Peter chases him down and steals his car, allowing them to continue their journey.At a motel in New Jersey, Ellie confesses her love to Peter, who is moved, but rebuffs her advances because he considers himself unworthy of Ellie as long as he remains unemployed. In the early morning, he drives to New York to sell his story to his old newspaper for $1,000. Because he leaves without Ellie, the motel concludes that Ellie is a loose woman and evicts her. Ellie believes that Peter has deserted her and calls her father to drive her home. On her way back, she passes by Peter, who realizes he is too late.Mr. Andrews reluctantly arranges a second, formal wedding with Westley, but shortly before the ceremony, Ellie confesses to her father that she is in love with Peter. She resolves to marry Westley anyway after Peter reaches out to Mr. Andrews about a "financial" matter, which she assumes is the $10,000 reward. In reality, Peter just wants Mr. Andrews to reimburse him for his expenses from the trip, which come out to $39.60. Mr. Andrews is impressed by Peter's honesty and asks him whether he loves Ellie; after dodging the question several times, Peter admits that he loves her.While walking Ellie down the aisle, Mr. Andrews reveals Peter's full story. He expresses his approval of Peter and says that if Ellie changes her mind, he will help her escape the wedding and pay Westley to go away. At the last minute, Ellie dumps Westley at the altar.As Mr. Andrews predicted, Westley agrees to give up Ellie for $100,000. Peter, who is anxiously waiting for the annulment to go through before he can sleep with Ellie, telegrams Mr. Andrews that "the walls of Jericho are toppling". Mr. Andrews confirms that Peter can "let 'em topple". At the honeymooners' motor court, the owners hear a trumpet play and a blanket fall to the floor in the couple's cabin, after which the lights go out.
605	Meet Me in St. Louis (1944)	Musical	The backdrop for the film is St. Louis, Missouri, in the year preceding the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition World's Fair.In the summer of 1903, the Smith family leads a comfortable upper-middle class life. Alonzo Smith and his wife Anna have a son, Lon Jr., and four daughters: Rose, Esther, Agnes, and Tootie. Esther, the second-oldest daughter, is in love with the boy next door, John Truett, although he does not notice her at first. Tootie rides with iceman Mr. Neely and debates whether St. Louis is the nation's top city. Rose, the eldest daughter, hopes in vain to receive a marriage proposal from Warren Sheffield.Esther finally meets John properly when he is a guest at the Smiths' party and hopes to meet him again on a trolley ride to the construction site of the World's Fair.On Halloween, Tootie and Agnes attend a bonfire. Later, after Tootie appears with a split lip and lost tooth, she claims that John tried to kill her. Esther confronts John, physically attacking and scolding him. After Esther returns, Tootie and Agnes confess the truth: John was trying to protect them from the police after a dangerous prank went wrong. Upon learning the truth, Esther apologizes to John and he kisses her.Mr. Smith announces that he is to be sent to New York City on business and they will all move there after Christmas. The family is devastated by the news, especially Rose and Esther, whose romances, friendships and educational plans are threatened. Esther is also aghast because they will miss the World's Fair. Although Mrs. Smith is also upset, she reconciles with her husband and they sing a tender duet at the piano.An elegant ball takes place on Christmas Eve. John cannot take Esther because he was too late to pick up his tuxedo. Esther is relieved when her grandfather offers to escort her instead. At the ball, Esther and Rose plot to ruin the evening of Warren's date Lucille Ballard by filling her dance card with losers. They are surprised to find that Lucille is warm, friendly, and not a snob. Lucille suggests that Warren should be with Rose, allowing her to be with Lon. Esther switches her dance card with Lucille's and takes on the clumsy and awkward partners. After being rescued by Grandpa, Esther is overjoyed when John appears in a tuxedo and they dance for the rest of the evening. Later, John proposes to Esther and she accepts, but their future is uncertain because she must still move to New York.Esther returns home to find Tootie waiting impatiently for Santa Claus and worrying about whether she can bring all her toys with her to New York. After Esther sings Tootie a poignant rendition of "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas", a neurotic Tootie destroys the snowmen that they must leave behind. Esther reassures Tootie that they will be together no matter where they go. Mr. Smith, who has witnessed the girls outside, begins to have second thoughts. After thinking in the living room, he summons the family downstairs and announces that they will not move to New York, much to everyone's surprise and joy. Warren rushes into the Smith home, declares his love for Rose, and announces that they will marry at the first possible opportunity. Realizing that it is now Christmas, the Smiths celebrate.The next spring, at the World's Fair, the family gathers overlooking the Grand Lagoon just as thousands of lights around the grand pavilion are illuminated.
606	All About Eve (1950)	Drama	At the Sarah Siddons Award ceremony honoring rising actress Eve Harrington, narration from acerbic theatre critic Addison DeWitt introduces the attendees and hints that there is more to Eve's story.The narration switches to Karen Richards, wife of playwright Lloyd Richards. She recalls the previous October, when she introduced Eve to aging Broadway star Margo Channing, who was starring in a play written by Lloyd. Eve tells Karen, Lloyd, and Margo's maid Birdie that she followed Margo's last theatrical tour to New York City after seeing her perform in San Francisco. She tells of her impoverished childhood and losing her husband in the South Pacific during World War II, and, moved by Eve's story, Margo takes her into her home as her assistant. Eve quickly manipulates her way into Margo's life as both secretary and adoring fan.Margo is also concerned about her romantic relationship with Bill Sampson, eight years her junior, who is directing a film in California. Without telling Margo, Eve arranges a midnight long-distance phone call from Margo to Bill on his birthday. Eve hopes the unexpected late call will show Bill that Margo forgot his birthday and also sends her own greeting. Margo realizes that Eve set her up and asks producer Max Fabian to hire Eve at his office to get her away from Bill; instead, Eve has Karen convince Fabian to make Eve Margo's understudy without Margo's knowledge.As Margo's irritation grows, Karen sympathizes with Eve, believing that Margo is overdramatizing her resentment towards her. Hoping to humble Margo, Karen conspires for her to miss a performance so Eve can perform in her place. Eve secretly invites the city's theater critics, including Addison, to attend the performance. Eve's performance is a triumph. Later that night, Eve attempts to seduce Bill, but he rejects her.Addison interviews Eve for a column, which harshly criticizes Margo for resisting younger talent. Eve apologizes to Lloyd for the things said in the article, and subtly convinces him to consider her instead of Margo for the lead role, Cora, in his next play.Margo and Bill announce their engagement while dining out with Lloyd and Karen. Eve, who had been dining at the same restaurant with Addison, summons Karen to the ladies' room. After first appearing regretful, she delivers an ultimatum: Karen must recommend her to Lloyd to play Cora or she will have Addison expose Karen's part in Margo's missed performance in his newspaper column. When Karen returns to the table—to her relief—Margo surprisingly announces that she does not wish to play Cora. Margo admits that she is too old for the ingénue role, and her impending marriage means that the theater no longer has to be her entire life.Eve is cast as Cora, despite the objections of Bill, who is directing the play. Just before the out-of-town opening, Eve tells Addison that she had seduced and plans to marry Lloyd so that he can write plays for her to star in.Angered by Eve's audacity, Addison reveals he knows her backstory is false; her real name is Gertrude Slescynski, she never went to San Francisco, she was never married, and she was paid to leave town over an affair with her married boss. He blackmails Eve, forbidding her from trying to marry Lloyd and saying she now "belongs" to him.The story catches up to the opening scene; months later, Eve is a Broadway star headed for Hollywood. While accepting the Sarah Siddons Award, Eve thanks Margo, Bill, Lloyd, and Karen, who react with indifference. Eve skips the after-party and returns home, where she encounters Phoebe, who claims to be a teenage fan who slipped into her apartment and fell asleep. Eve is angry but softens after Phoebe professes her adoration and ingratiates herself. Eve is considering inviting her to stay over rather than take the long subway ride back home when the doorbell buzzes. Phoebe offers to answer the door and recognizes Addison, who was bringing Eve's award back from the after-party. Addison quickly realizes that Phoebe isn't her real name and that she, like Eve, has her sights on stardom. Phoebe lies to Eve that a taxi driver had dropped off the award. When she is alone, Phoebe puts on Eve's elegant cloak and poses in front of a floor-length mirror, holding the award and bowing.
607	Rebecca (1940)	Romance, Thriller	On the French Riviera, Maxim de Winter stands at a cliff edge, seemingly contemplating suicide. A young woman shouts at him to stop him in his tracks, but he curtly asks her to walk on.Later, at a Monte Carlo hotel, the same young woman, serving as a paid companion to the pompous aging Mrs. Van Hopper, again encounters the debonair widower de Winter.  Aspiring to social prominence, Mrs. Van Hopper is obsequious to the aristocratic de Winter, but is soon confined to her room due to illness. Maxim invites the companion on excursions, such as tennis lessons, which she conceals from her employer. The young woman soon becomes infatuated, though puzzled by such attention. Upon her recovery, Mrs. Van Hopper decides to leave Monte Carlo; her companion furtively informs Maxim of her departure, and Maxim unexpectedly proposes marriage. After being informed of the proposal by Maxim, a shocked Mrs. Van Hopper privately tells her companion that Maxim is marrying her as a desperate distraction, because he is still tormented by thoughts of his beloved dead wife, Rebecca. She asserts that her companion is ill-prepared to be the second Mrs. de Winter and cannot hope to succeed as the mistress of the stately Manderley.Maxim brings his new bride back to Manderley, his grand mansion by the sea in Cornwall. Manderley is dominated by its austere housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers, a cold and unyielding woman, a confidante of the first Mrs. de Winter. Danvers harbors deep resentment for the new Mrs. de Winter, who she views as an usurper. Danvers feeds the bride's insecurity by showing her Rebecca's lavish bedroom suite, left untouched and denied to the new wife, and by retaining items throughout the house with Rebecca's monogram.Eventually, constant reminders of Rebecca's glamour and sophistication convince the new Mrs. de Winter that Maxim is still in love with his tragically drowned first wife, which could explain his restlessness and irrational outbursts of anger. She tries to assert her new role by holding a costume party as Maxim and Rebecca had done annually. Danvers suggests she copy the dress that one of Maxim's ancestors is seen wearing in a portrait. However, when she appears in the costume, Maxim is appalled as Rebecca had worn an identical dress at her last ball, just before her death.When Mrs. de Winter confronts Danvers about this, Danvers tells her she can never take Rebecca's place and tries to persuade her to jump to her death from the second-story window of Rebecca's room. At that moment, however, the alarm is raised because a ship has run aground due to the fog and, during the rescue of its crew, a sunken boat with Rebecca's body in it has been discovered.Maxim now confesses to his new wife that his first marriage had been a sham from the start. Rebecca had declared that she had no intention of keeping to her vows but would pretend to be the perfect wife and hostess for the sake of appearances. When Rebecca implied she was pregnant by her cousin and lover, Jack Favell, she taunted Maxim that the estate might pass to someone other than Maxim's line. During a heated argument, Rebecca fell, struck her head, and died. Afraid he would be blamed for her death, Maxim took the body out in a boat which he then scuttled; some days later, he identified another body that washed ashore as Rebecca's.The crisis causes the second Mrs. de Winter to shed her naïve ways. When the inquest considers the possibility of suicide, Favell attempts to blackmail Maxim, threatening to reveal a letter from Rebecca hinting at a pregnancy that made suicide improbable. When Maxim informs the police of the attempted blackmail, they must investigate Favell's accusations that Maxim murdered Rebecca. Further investigation with a doctor, however, reveals that Rebecca was not pregnant but terminally ill due to cancer, so the suicide verdict stands. Maxim realizes Rebecca had been trying to goad him into killing her to ruin him.As a free man, Maxim returns home to see Manderley on fire, set ablaze by the deranged Mrs. Danvers. All escape except Danvers, who dies when the ceiling collapses on her.
608	Spellbound (1945)	Mystery, Romance, Thriller	Dr. Constance Petersen is a psychoanalyst at Green Manors, a mental hospital in Vermont, accused by an unsuccessful suitor colleague of being icy and unemotional. The hospital's director, Dr. Murchison, is forced into retirement shortly after returning from an absence due to nervous exhaustion. His replacement, Dr. Anthony Edwardes, turns out to be surprisingly young. Uncharacteristically, Petersen is immediately smitten with Edwardes, who returns her feelings.While kissing him, Petersen notices that Edwardes has a peculiar phobia about sets of parallel lines against a white background, displayed on several occasions. She compares his signature with an autographed copy of one of his books, realizing when they do not match that he is an impostor. He confides to her that he has killed the real Edwardes, who was treating him, and taken his place. Suffering from amnesia, he does not know who he really is, but they deduce that he is a doctor when he displays medical knowledge. Petersen believes he is an innocent man with a guilt complex. Overnight, he disappears. Edwardes' assistant arrives and discloses that the Edwardes who spoke to her on the phone is an impostor, and that the real Edwardes is ominously missing.Petersen tracks the impostor to a New York City hotel, where he is living under the pseudonym "John Brown". Despite his insistence that she leave, she convinces him that psychoanalysis can recover his memories. The two travel to Rochester, New York, and stay with Dr. Alexander Brulov, Petersen's former mentor and friend.The two psychoanalysts interpret a dream that "Brown" describes. He is playing cards in a mysterious club when a scantily clad woman resembling Petersen starts kissing everybody there. His card partner, an older man, is accused of cheating and threatened by the club's masked proprietor. The scene changes to the older man standing on the precipice of a sloped roof and falling off. The proprietor is found to be standing behind a chimney and dropping a wheel he held in his hand. "Brown's" dream concludes with him chased down a hill by a great pair of wings."Brown's" phobia of dark lines on white represents ski tracks in the snow, and the older man in his dream is the real Edwardes, who died in a skiing accident. The detail of the wings they deduce to represent Gabriel Valley ski lodge. "Brown" and Petersen travel there to recreate the circumstances of Edwardes' death. However, "Brown" fears that, if he really was Edwardes' murderer, he may impulsively kill again in the same situation.As they ski down the slope, "Brown" remembers details of his former life: he has a guilt complex, rooted in a childhood accident where he accidentally killed his brother by sliding down a concrete banister and knocking him onto a spiked fence. He also recognizes the cliff where Edwardes fell off, and then "Brown" recalls his own real name: John Ballantyne. Petersen and Ballantyne later meet with the police, who find Edwardes' body with Ballantyne's directions. However, the corpse has a bullet wound in his back. Ballantyne is arrested, tried, and convicted of murder.Heartbroken, Petersen returns to Green Manors. Murchison, once again the director, lets slip that he knew Edwardes slightly and disliked him, contradicting his earlier statement that they had never met. This inspires Petersen to re-examine her notes of Ballantyne's dream: the masked proprietor represents Murchison and the wheel represents a revolver. Murchison therefore murdered Edwardes and left the gun on the ski slope.Confronting Murchison to prove her hunch, Petersen gets him to admit that the man in the dream likely represents himself. She presents her accusation, and Murchison replies that she got every detail right but one: he still has the revolver and draws it on her. Calmly, Petersen points out that while he could plead insanity and get a lesser charge for Edwardes' murder, shooting her in cold blood would guarantee his execution. With the gun still pointed at her, she leaves the office to phone the police, before Murchison turns the gun and shoots himself.Petersen and Ballantyne, now married, receive well-wishes from Dr. Brulov before departing on their honeymoon at Grand Central Terminal.
609	Father of the Bride (1950)	Comedy	In the aftermath of the wedding of his daughter Kay, Stanley T. Banks, a successful middle-aged lawyer, recalls the day three months earlier when he first learned of her engagement to Buckley. Kay's casual announcement at the dinner table of the family's comfortable suburban home that she is in love with him and has accepted his proposal makes Stanley feel uneasy, but he soon recognizes that his daughter has grown up and the wedding is inevitable. While Ellie, Kay's mother, immediately begins making preparations, Stanley lies awake at night, fearing the worst for his daughter.Stanley's misgivings about the marriage eventually make Ellie anxious. Stanley insists that Kay present Buckley for a financial sit-down. She calls the tradition "old-fashioned rigamarole", but produces him nevertheless. After spending the entire time talking about himself, Stanley is pleased to learn later from Ellie that Buckley is the head of his own small company and is indeed capable of providing a comfortable life for Kay. The Bankses' first meeting with Buckley's wealthy parents, Doris and Herbert Dunstan, starts awkwardly, careens animatedly, then tails off when Stanley drinks too much and falls asleep upright on their couch.Stanley misses out on Kay and Buckley's engagement party, marooned in the kitchen playing bartender. In its wake, he realizes that any hope for a small wedding has been swept aside, and there will be no escaping paying for an extravagant affair "with all the trimmings". As costs for the June event spiral out of control, Stanley calculates that he can afford to accommodate no more than 150 guests. The task of paring down the list proves too difficult for everyone involved, however, and he reluctantly consents to an extra 100. Growing rattled, he suggests to Kay that she and Buckley elope. Kay is initially shocked by the suggestion, but has a change of heart that she shares with her mother. Ellie, who has long mourned never having had the wedding planned for Kay, strongly disapproves. Quick on his feet, Stanley plays it off as if it had been Kay's idea.Wedding plans continue until Kay calls off the wedding, appalled that Buckley has decided to take her on a fishing trip in Nova Scotia for their honeymoon. However, Kay and Buckley soon reconcile, and the two families begin wedding rehearsals.On the day of the wedding, chaos ensues at the Banks home during final preparations for the reception. The wedding ceremony brings both joy and sorrow to Stanley, as he concedes that his daughter is now a woman and no longer his child. During the reception, Stanley tries to find Kay so he can kiss the bride but only manages to see her leaving in a spray of confetti. Afterward, Ellie and Stanley survey the mess in their home and concur that the entire affair was a great success. Kay calls and tells her father she loves him and thanks her parents for everything they have done for her.
610	Gigi (1958)	Musical	The film is set in the year 1900, during the Belle Époque at the turn of the 20th century. While in the Bois de Boulogne, Honoré Lachaille remarks that in Paris, marriage is not the sole option for wealthy young bon vivants like his nephew Gaston, who is bored with life. Gaston does enjoy spending time with Madame Alvarez and her granddaughter, precocious, carefree Gilberte, affectionately known as Gigi. Gigi's mother (a singer who is heard but never seen onscreen) leaves her care mostly to Madame Alvarez.Following the "family tradition", Madame Alvarez regularly sends Gigi to her sister and Gigi's great-aunt, Alicia, to be groomed as a courtesan, a kept mistress of wealthy men. Gigi learns proper etiquette and charm but disdains the trivial love between a man and his mistress. She prefers to have fun with Gaston, whom she regards as an older brother or a young uncle.Like his uncle, Gaston is a known wealthy womanizer in Parisian high society. When his latest mistress has an affair with her ice-skating instructor, Gaston publicly humiliates her, resulting in her fake attempted suicide. Gaston plans to retreat to the country, but his uncle insists that he remain in Paris and attend even more parties.While playing cards with Gaston, Gigi wagers that if he loses, he must take her and her grandmother to the seaside for the weekend. Gaston loses the bet, and the three travel to Trouville. While Gaston and Gigi have fun together, Honoré and Madame Alvarez unexpectedly reunite and reminisce about their once-passionate affair.When Gaston goes to Monte Carlo, Great-Aunt Alicia and Madame Alvarez scheme to turn Gigi into Gaston's mistress. Though initially dubious, Madame Alvarez agrees to Gigi being intensively trained before Gaston's return. Gigi accepts this as pre-destined.When Gaston returns, he is discomfited when Gigi shows off her new womanly gown. Gaston insults the dress, preferring her juvenile outfits; Gigi mocks his taste in clothes. Offended, Gaston storms out, then realizes his folly and returns to apologize. He offers to take Gigi to tea at the Reservoir, but Madame Alvarez tells him that an unchaperoned Gigi being seen in public with him could damage her reputation.Angered, Gaston storms out again. He reflects on Gigi, realizing he has developed a romantic desire for her. Although hesitant due to her young age, Gaston realizes that he loves Gigi. He proposes a generous "business arrangement" to Madame Alvarez and Aunt Alicia for Gigi to become his mistress. Gigi refuses, telling Gaston she does not seek celebrity status, only to eventually be abandoned by him and become another man's mistress. She wants their relationship to remain platonic, but when Gaston reveals that he is in love with her, Gigi is horrified. She calls Gaston a wicked man for claiming to love her while still proposing this arrangement before fleeing the room in tears. Gaston chastises Madame Alvarez for exposing Gigi to the sordid details of his lifestyle, then leaves. Gigi later sends for Gaston and tells him that she would rather be miserable with him than without him, agreeing to the arrangement.The couple go to Maxim's restaurant. Gigi performs perfectly as his courtesan, which upsets Gaston. He is disturbed by Gigi's knowledge of society gossip. After presenting her with an expensive emerald bracelet, he grows increasingly uncomfortable with the unrelenting scrutiny being heaped on them. Honoré congratulates Gaston on his new courtesan and remarks that Gigi is so delightful that she will likely keep him amused for months.Gaston is so disgusted by his uncle's remark, he drags Gigi from the restaurant all the way back home without saying a word while she cries and protests, not understanding what is wrong. After returning Gigi home in tears, he wanders the dark streets of Paris in silence, only to finally return and asks Madame Alvarez for Gigi's hand in marriage. The final sequence returns to Honoré Lachaille, who proudly points out Gaston and Gigi getting into a carriage in the Bois de Boulogne: elegant, beautiful, and happily married.
611	Laura (1944)	Crime, Film-Noir, Mystery	New York City Police Department Detective Mark McPherson is investigating the murder of a young, beautiful, highly successful advertising executive, Laura Hunt, killed by a shotgun blast to the face just inside the doorway of her apartment. He first interviews charismatic newspaper columnist Waldo Lydecker, an imperious, effete older man who relates how he met Laura and became her mentor. She had become his platonic friend and steady companion, and, wishing more, he used his considerable fame, influence, and connections to advance her career.Mark also questions Laura's parasitic playboy fiancé, Shelby Carpenter, a "kept man" tethered to Laura’s wealthy socialite aunt, Ann Treadwell. Ann is in love with Shelby, but tolerates his infatuation with Laura, apparently out of her practical acceptance of Shelby's need for the affection of a woman closer to his age. Bessie Clary, Laura's loyal and highly distraught housekeeper, is also questioned by Mark. Through the testimony of Laura's friends and reading her letters and diary, Mark becomes obsessed with her − so much so that Waldo finally accuses him of falling in love with the dead woman. He also learns that Waldo was jealous of Laura's suitors, using his newspaper column and influence to keep them at bay.One night, the detective falls asleep in Laura's apartment in front of her portrait. He is awakened by a woman entering with her own key and is shocked to discover that it is Laura. She finds a dress in her closet that belonged to one of her models, Diane Redfern. Mark concludes that the body assumed to have been Laura was Diane, drawn there for a liaison by Shelby while Laura was away at her country residence. With Laura still alive, unmasking the killer becomes even more urgent. By tapping Laura's phone, Mark follows her to a meeting with Shelby after which Shelby drives to her country residence to retrieve a shotgun. When confronted, Shelby insists that he did not come forward with the information that Laura was alive simply because he was panic-stricken. He explains the shotgun by saying he planned to give it to Laura for protection. Mark tests it against the ballistics from Diane's body and finds that it is not a match.At a party celebrating Laura's return, Mark  arrests Laura for the murder of Diane. Upon questioning her, he becomes convinced that she is innocent and that she does not love Shelby. He searches Waldo's apartment, where he becomes suspicious of a clock identical to the one in Laura's apartment. On closer examination, he finds it has a secret compartment. Mark returns to Laura's apartment. Waldo is there and notices a growing bond between Laura and the detective. Waldo insults Mark and is sent away by Laura but pauses on the stairwell outside. Mark examines Laura's clock and finds the shotgun that killed Diane but leaves it there. Laura is confronted with the truth that Waldo is the murderer.Mark and Laura kiss, and then he locks her into her apartment, warning her to admit no one. After he leaves, Waldo, who had slipped in by the kitchen entrance, retrieves the shotgun and attempts to kill Laura, saying that if he cannot have her, no one can. She deflects his shot and flees just as Mark arrives. Mark's sergeant shoots down Waldo. As he dies, Waldo whispers, "Goodbye, Laura. Goodbye, my love."
612	Lost Horizon (1937)	Drama	On March 10, 1935, a revolutionary uprising drives terrified Westerners to the airport in Baskul, China. The evacuation is organized by writer, soldier, and diplomat Robert Conway, before he is to return to the United Kingdom and become Foreign Secretary. He flies out with the last four evacuees, bound for Shanghai.  Unbeknownst to the passengers — paleontologist Alexander Lovett; notorious swindler Henry Barnard; bitter, terminally ill Gloria Stone; and Conway's younger brother George — their pilot has been forcibly replaced and their aircraft hijacked. It eventually runs out of fuel and crashes deep in the Himalayas, killing their abductor.The group is rescued by Chang and his men and taken to Shangri-La, an idyllic valley sheltered from the bitter cold. The contented inhabitants are led by the mysterious High Lama.  Initially anxious to return to civilization, most of the newcomers grow to love Shangri-La, including Gloria, who miraculously seems to be recovering from her illness. Conway is particularly enchanted, especially when he meets Sondra, a teacher who has grown up in Shangri-La. However, George and Maria, another young woman living there, are determined to leave.Conway eventually has an audience with the High Lama, who he learns is a European Catholic priest, Father Perrault, who arrived in the area many years before. The founder of Shangri-La is said to be two hundred years old, preserved, like the other residents, by the magical properties of the paradise he has created, but is finally dying and needs someone wise in the ways of the modern world to keep it safe. Having read Conway's writings, Sondra believed he is the one; the Lama agreed with her and arranged for Conway's abduction. The old man names Conway his successor and then peacefully passes away.George refuses to believe the Lama's fantastic story, and that Maria is much older than the 20 she claims to be. Chang says Maria was brought to Shangri-La in 1888 and was 20 at the time, which would make her 66 or 67. (Sondra claims to be 30.) Uncertain and torn between love and loyalty, Conway reluctantly agrees to accompany George and Maria with a group of porters returning to their homes. The porters gradually leave the trio behind, even shooting at them for their amusement. However, the shots trigger an avalanche that buries the porters.After grueling travel, Maria collapses in the snow. Conway picks her up and carries her to the shelter of a cave. There they see she has died, her withered face revealing her true age. George loses his sanity and jumps to his death.  Conway continues on, finally collapsing. He is found and taken to a Chinese mission, where a search party sent from Britain meets him. The ordeal has caused him to lose his memory of Shangri-La.On the long voyage back to the United Kingdom, he remembers everything; he tells his story and then jumps ship in Singapore. Searchers pursue him back to the Himalayas, but are unable to follow him any further. In the final scene, he reaches the pass leading to Shangri-La.
613	My Man Godfrey (1936)	Comedy	During the Great Depression, Godfrey Smith lived with other homeless men at a New York City dump in a Hooverville by the East River. One night, spoiled socialite Cornelia Bullock offers him $5 to be her "forgotten man" for a scavenger hunt. Godfrey refuses and makes her retreat and fall on a pile of ashes, much to the glee of her younger sister Irene. Godfrey finds Irene kind and offers to go with her to help her beat Cornelia and satisfy his curiosity regarding their scavenger hunt.In the ballroom of the Waldorf-Ritz Hotel, Irene's businessman father, Alexander Bullock, waits resignedly as his ditsy wife, Angelica, and her mooching protégé, Carlo, play the game. Godfrey is authenticated as a "forgotten man", allowing Irene to win that part of the hunt. He takes the opportunity to publicly express his contempt for the players' antics before leaving in a huff. An apologetic Irene decides to make Godfrey her protégé and hires him as the new family butler.On his first day as butler, Godfrey is warned by the Bullocks' longtime maid, Molly, that he is the latest in a long line of butlers who did not last long due to the female Bullocks' antics. Despite this, he is up to the challenge, though Cornelia holds a grudge against him. Irene becomes infatuated with Godfrey, and he tries unsuccessfully to discourage her. She kisses him, causing him to politely but firmly outline the boundaries of their employee-employer relationship.Eventually, Godfrey is recognized by his longtime friend Tommy Gray at a tea party thrown by Irene. Godfrey makes up a story that he was Tommy's valet at Harvard; Tommy plays along by embellishing Godfrey's story with a nonexistent wife and five children. Upon hearing this, Irene impulsively announces her engagement to a surprised Charlie Van Rumple, but breaks down in tears and flees after being congratulated by Godfrey.Over lunch the next day, Tommy wonders what one of the elite "Parkes of Boston" is doing as a servant. Godfrey explains that when he lost the woman he loved, he considered suicide, but the undaunted attitude of the homeless men living at the dump rekindled his spirits.Eventually, Irene breaks her engagement with Charlie. Cornelia attempts to seduce Godfrey on his day off, but when he rebuffs her, she plants her pearl necklace under Godfrey's mattress and calls the police to report it missing. However, the police do not find it. Mr. Bullock realizes his daughter has orchestrated the whole thing and informs her that the pearls are not insured.The Bullocks send their daughters to Europe to help Irene get over her broken engagement to Charlie, but when they return, her feelings for Godfrey have not changed. She stages a fainting spell and swoons into Godfrey's arms, who soon realises she is faking it. Godfrey puts her in the shower and turns on the cold water. This, however, has an unexpected result. Irene says, "Oh Godfrey, now I know you love me...You do or you wouldn't have lost your temper."Godfrey quits. Before he leaves, Mr. Bullock throws Carlo out (literally) and tells his family that his business is in dire straits and he will likely go to jail. However, Godfrey provides good news: when he realized Mr. Bullock's situation, sold short, using some of the money raised by pawning Cornelia's pearl necklace to buy up the stock that Bullock had sold. He returns the stock to Mr. Bullock, saving the family from financial ruin. Godfrey also returns the necklace to Cornelia, who humbly expresses her gratitude and remorse for her behavior.With the rest of the money Godfrey got for Cornelia's necklace, he and Tommy become business partners and convert the now-filled-in dump into a fashionable nightclub called "The Dump", which creates jobs for the homeless men with a plan to build housing for 50 of them. A determined Irene tracks Godfrey to his office and apartment at The Dump, makes it clear that she is moving in, and, when Tommy sends in New York's mayor to marry them, Irene leads a startled Godfrey up by the hand and says "Stand still Godfrey, it'll all be over in a minute".
614	Giant (1956)	Drama	In the mid-1920s, wealthy Texas rancher Jordan "Bick" Benedict Jr. travels to Maryland to purchase a horse and meets socialite Leslie Lynnton. The two marry and return to the Benedict family's expansive cattle ranch, Reata, in Texas. Upon arrival, Leslie clashes with Bick’s strong-willed sister, Luz, who resents her presence and maintains control over the household. Leslie gradually discovers the deeply rooted patriarchal norms and racial hierarchies in Texas society, particularly the systemic discrimination against the region’s Hispanic population. During a tour of the ranch with Jett Rink, a ranch hand infatuated with Leslie, she observes the harsh living conditions of the Hispanic workers and urges Bick to improve their circumstances. Her efforts include arranging medical care for Angel Obregón Jr., the infant son of one of the workers, though Bick is initially reluctant to allow their family doctor to treat non-white patients.Luz is killed after being thrown from Leslie’s horse, War Winds. In her will, she bequeaths a small parcel of land to Jett, angering Bick. Jett declines Bick’s offer to purchase the property and names it "Little Reata."Leslie and Bick have twins, Jordan III ("Jordy") and Judy, followed by a daughter, Luz II. Marital tensions lead Leslie to take the children to her parents in Maryland for an extended stay. Bick follows, and the couple reconciles and returns to Texas.Meanwhile, Jett works his land and eventually strikes oil. With his newfound wealth, he attempts to persuade Bick to permit oil drilling on Reata, but Bick refuses, determined to preserve the ranch’s cattle legacy.By 1941, the Benedict children have grown, and new tensions emerge. Bick expects Jordy to take over the ranch, but Jordy wishes to become a doctor. Leslie wants Judy to attend finishing school in Switzerland, though Judy aspires to study animal husbandry at Texas Tech. Each child successfully convinces one parent to support their goals.At the family’s Christmas gathering shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor, Bick offers Judy’s husband, Bob Dace, a postwar position on the ranch, which he declines in favor of building an independent life with Judy. Realizing his children are unlikely to continue the family ranching tradition, Bick finally agrees to allow oil drilling on Reata. The family grows wealthier, but Angel Obregón Jr. is killed in the war. Jordy later marries Juana, the daughter of the Hispanic doctor who had treated Angel as a child.Jett, now a powerful oilman, hosts a lavish event at his Austin hotel and invites the Benedicts. A flirtation between Jett and Luz II ends after she rejects his awkward marriage proposal. Jett becomes intoxicated and orders that Hispanics not be served at his hotel, resulting in Juana being ignored at the beauty salon. When Jordy confronts Jett, he is assaulted and removed from the premises. Bick challenges Jett but, recognizing his inebriated state, refrains from physical retaliation. Jett later collapses during an attempt to deliver a speech at the event. Luz II overhears his lament over his long-unrequited love for Leslie and departs, visibly affected.The next day, while driving home, the Benedicts stop at a diner where the owner, Sarge, insults Juana and her and Jordy’s young son. When Sarge attempts to eject a Hispanic family, Bick intervenes and engages in a fight, ultimately being knocked unconscious. Back at Reata, he reflects on his perceived failure to uphold the family legacy. Leslie reassures him, stating that his actions at the diner made him her hero and that their legacy is embodied in their two grandsons—one white and one Hispanic.
615	39 Steps, The (1935)	Thriller	At a London music hall theatre, Richard Hannay is watching "Mr. Memory" demonstrate his powers of fact recall by answering trivia questions from the audience, when gunshots are heard. In the ensuing panic, Hannay finds himself holding a seemingly frightened woman who persuades him to take her back to his flat. She tells him her name is Annabella Smith, she is a spy and she fired the shots to create a diversion so she could elude assassins. She claims that she has uncovered a plot to steal vital British military information, masterminded by a man missing the top joint of one finger. She mentions "The 39 Steps", but does not explain the phrase.Later that night, Smith bursts into Hannay's bedroom and warns him to flee, before dying from a knife in her back. Hannay finds a map of the Scottish Highlands clutched in her hand, showing the area around Killin, with a building named "Alt-na-Shellach" circled. He sneaks out of his flat disguised as a milkman to avoid the waiting assassins and boards the Flying Scotsman to Scotland. At Waverley Station in Edinburgh, he learns he is the target of a nationwide manhunt for Smith's murderer. When he sees police searching the train, he goes to another compartment and kisses the sole occupant, Pamela, to try to avoid capture; however, she alerts the policemen, who stop the train on the Forth Bridge. Hannay escapes.Making his way north, he stays the night with a crofter and his much younger wife, Margaret. Early the next morning, Margaret sees the headlights of a police car approaching and wakes Hannay; before he flees, she gives him her husband's coat. The police chase after him, even employing an autogyro, but he eludes them.He eventually reaches Alt-na-Shellach, the house of Professor Jordan, where a party is going on. Jordan hides him from the police. He listens to Hannay's story. When Hannay states that the leader of the spies is missing the top joint of the little finger of his left hand, Jordan shows his right hand, which is missing that joint. He offers Hannay the opportunity to kill himself, then shoots him and leaves him for dead, but the bullet is stopped by a hymnary in the crofter's coat.Hannay goes to the sheriff. The sheriff does not believe him, since Jordan is his best friend. Hannay escapes through a window. Hiding at a political meeting, he is mistaken for the introductory speaker. He gives a rousing impromptu speech, but Pamela, attending the rally, gives him away to the police once more. He is taken away; the policemen insist Pamela accompany them. When they pass the local police station, they say they are going to Inveraray, 40 miles away. Hannay realises they are agents of the conspiracy. When the men get out to disperse some sheep blocking the road, they handcuff Pamela to Hannay. Hannay escapes, dragging Pamela with him.They make their way across the countryside and stay the night at an inn. While Hannay sleeps, Pamela manages to slip out of the handcuffs, but overhears one of the fake policemen on the telephone, confirming Hannay's story. She returns to the room. The next morning, she tells him that she overheard the spies saying that Jordan will be picking something up at the London Palladium. He sends her to alert the police, but no secret documents have been reported missing, so they do not believe her. Instead they tail her, hoping that she will lead them to Hannay.She goes to the Palladium. When Mr. Memory is introduced, Hannay recognises his theme music — a catchy tune he has been unable to forget. Hannay, upon seeing Jordan signal Mr. Memory, realises that Mr. Memory has memorised the secrets. As the police are about to take Hannay away, he shouts, "What are The 39 Steps?" Mr. Memory compulsively answers, "The 39 Steps is an organisation of spies, collecting information on behalf of the foreign office of ...", at which point Jordan shoots Mr. Memory before being apprehended. A dying Mr. Memory recites the design for a silent aircraft engine. Hannay slips his hand into Pamela's and is not rebuffed.
616	Night of the Living Dead (1968)	Horror, Sci-Fi	Siblings Barbra and Johnny drive to a cemetery in rural Pennsylvania to visit their father's grave, where a pale man in a tattered suit kills Johnny and attacks Barbra. She flees to a nearby farmhouse, but finds the resident's corpse lying half-eaten on the stairs. A growing horde of ghouls soon surround the house as a stranger, Ben, arrives and initially mistakes Barbra for the homeowner. After driving back several ghouls, he boards the windows and doors. While searching the home for supplies, he locates a lever-action rifle.A nearly catatonic Barbra is surprised to find people already taking shelter in the home's cellar. Harry, his wife Helen, and their young daughter Karen fled there after a group of the same monsters overturned their car and bit Karen on the arm, leaving her seriously ill. A couple, Tom and Judy, took shelter after hearing an emergency broadcast about a series of brutal killings. Tom and Ben secure the farmhouse while Harry protests that it is unsafe aboveground before returning to the cellar. Ghouls continue to besiege the farmhouse in increasing numbers.The refugees listen to radio and television reports of an army of cannibalistic corpses committing mass murder across the East Coast of the United States and of the posses of armed men patrolling the countryside to exterminate the living dead. Reports confirm that the ghouls can die again from heavy blows to the head, bullets to the brain, or being burned. Various rescue centers offer refuge and safety, and scientists theorize that radiation from an exploding space probe returning from Venus caused the reanimations.Ben devises a plan to obtain medical supplies for Karen and transport the group to a rescue center by refueling his truck at a pump on the farm. Ben, Tom, and Judy drive there together, holding the ghouls off with torches and Molotov cocktails. However, the gas from the pump spills and causes the truck to catch fire and explode, killing Tom and Judy. Ben returns and breaks down the door when Harry does not let him in.The remaining survivors attempt to figure a way out. They pause their discussion to watch the 3 a.m. news update until the power cuts out. The ghouls soon break through the doors and windows of the unlit home. In the chaos, Harry grabs Ben's gun but is disarmed and shot by Ben. Harry staggers down to the cellar and dies next to his daughter.Karen dies from her injuries, becomes a ghoul, and eats her father's remains. Karen stabs her mother to death with a masonry trowel. Barbra tries to help Ben keep the ghouls out, but a reanimated Johnny drags her away. As the horde breaks in, Ben takes refuge in the cellar, where he shoots Harry's and Helen's ghouls.In the morning, an armed posse arrives to dispatch the remaining ghouls. Awoken by their gunfire and sirens, Ben emerges from the cellar, but they shoot him, mistaking him for a ghoul. His body is thrown onto a bonfire and burned with the rest of the corpses.
617	Blue Angel, The (Blaue Engel, Der) (1930)	Drama	Immanuel Rath is a professor at the local Gymnasium (high school for students expected to proceed to university) in Weimar Germany. The boys disrespect and play pranks on him. Rath punishes several of his students for circulating photographs of the beautiful Lola Lola, the headliner at the local cabaret called The Blue Angel. Hoping to catch the boys at the club, Rath goes there later that evening. He does find some students there, but while chasing them, he also finds Lola backstage and becomes infatuated with her. When he returns to the cabaret the following evening to return a pair of panties that was smuggled into his coat by one of his students, he winds up defending her from an aggressive patron. Lola is charmed by his chivalry, and serenades him from the stage. The next morning, Rath wakes up in Lola's bed. After having breakfast with Lola, Rath arrives late to school. Knowing of his visits to the Blue Angel, his pupils are openly mocking and contemptuous of him. Their misbehavior attracts a school official who, after dismissing the students, makes it clear to Rath that marrying a woman like Lola would end his career. Rath resigns his position at the school and marries Lola. Their happiness is short-lived, however, as Rath becomes humiliatingly dependent on Lola. Over time, he sinks lower and lower, first selling dirty postcards, and then becoming a clown in Lola's troupe to pay the bills. His growing insecurities about Lola's profession as a "shared woman" eventually consume him with lust and jealousy as Lola and the rest of the troupe lose respect for him.Five years after Rath's resignation from the school, the troupe returns to The Blue Angel, where everyone attends to watch the former professor play a clown. On stage, Rath is humiliated by the magician Kiepert, who breaks eggs on Rath's head, and by seeing Lola embrace and kiss the strongman Mazeppa. Rath is enraged to the point of insanity. He attempts to strangle Lola, but Mazeppa and others subdue him and lock him in a straitjacket.Later that night, Rath is released and he revisits his old classroom. Rejected, humiliated and destitute, he dies clutching the desk at which he once taught.
618	Picnic (1955)	Drama	On the morning of Labor Day 1955, a freight train brings vagrant Hal Carter to the fictional town of Salinason, Kansas to visit his old fraternity friend Alan Benson from college. Hal meanders through the town until he gets to the backyard of kind elderly Helen Potts, who offers him breakfast after he offers to do some backyard work for her. Mrs. Potts tells Hal that Alan visits with Madge Owens, the young teenage girl next door. He meets her, her sister Millie, and their mother. He also briefly meets Rosemary the spinster schoolteacher who lives in a rented room next door and Bomber the newspaper boy who is a flirt who always hits on Madge and all the pretty girls in town. Madge is the town beauty queen and Millie is her book smart tomboyish younger sister. Their mother Florence is a stern single mother who raised her two daughters on her own after the girls’ father walked out on them. She wishes for nothing more than for her daughter to marry Alan since he comes from wealth; his father is very successful in the grain business. Madge meets Hal and tells him where he can find Alan. As their eyes lock Madge and Hal are instantly attracted to each other. Alan is happy to see the "same old Hal" and shows him his family's sprawling grain-elevator operations. He promises Hal a steady job as a "wheat scooper" (though Hal would prefer to start off as an executive) and invites him to attend the town's Labor Day picnic.Meanwhile Madge is getting ready for the picnic and having a talk with her mother who is urging Madge to marry Alan as they have been dating all summer and she wants to see her daughter financially stable in life. Millie and Madge fight as Millie is jealous of her sister’s looks and Madge is jealous of Millie’s book smarts. Madge and Millie accompany Alan and Hal to the local swimming spot and then get ready for the picnic. Millie tells the boys she believes Madge will be crowned the town beauty queen, the Queen of Neewollah (Halloween backwards). At the picnic, Hal divides his attention among Madge, Millie, Flo, Alan, Mrs. Potts and Rosemary, who is accompanied by her boyfriend Howard Bevans who owns a novelty shop. The gang competes in all the games at the festival and later on they relax on the lawn by the river with their picnic basket and get to know Hal better. Hal seems content with everyone and is interested in settling down in the town.  Later that night Madge is indeed crowned the town queen of Neewalloh and is to be formally crowned on Halloween. As she sails down the river on a boat during her celebratory coronation, the crowd cheers her on with Hal looking on in particular. Later on there is dancing at the pavilion and Millie tries dancing with Hal and Rosemary is now intoxicated from the liquor Howard brought. Madge and Hal begin dancing and dance gracefully for all. Rosemary is insanely jealous and pulls Hal away from Madge and attempts to dance with him. She then rips his shirt and starts to angrily berate Hal and angrily cries out that she can keep up with the young people. In the meantime Millie has also become intoxicated from the same liquor.She gets up, claiming to be sick. As Madge tries to help her, Millie pushes her away, saying everyone always thinks "Madge is the pretty one."  She runs off, leaving Howard to find a bottle of alcohol she left behind, which her mother Flo inadvertently sees. When she wants to know who has been giving liquor to her underage daughter, Rosemary blames Hal. Embarrassed by the rejection, Rosemary also now continues to berate and blame Hal, telling him he's been acting like a big shot since he got into town and that he acts young, but isn't. She accuses him of being a fake who is just scared to act his real age, afraid of ending up in the gutter "where you belong."Flo Alan and Mrs Potts tend to Millie while Madge follows Hal to Alan's car and gets in with him, trying to cheer him up. They drive off, with Hal in a bad mood after what Rosemary had told him. They park by the river, and he tells her he was sent to reform school as a boy for stealing a motorcycle and that his whole life is a failure. Madge feels for Hal and  they then kiss, realizing they have fallen for each other. Later on, Outside Madge's house, they promise to meet after she finishes work the next evening.Meanwhile Howard drives a tearful Rosemary home. Rosemary is tired of being single and begs Howard to marry her, and Howard says he will come over the next morning to discuss it. Hal drives back to Alan's house to return his car, but Alan has called the police and wants him arrested. Alan is upset about the car but is more upset that he feels Hal is stealing his girl Madge. Hal flees the house in the car with the police following close behind. He shows up at Howard's apartment, asking to spend the night there hiding from the police. Howard is very understanding and now has his own worries since Rosemary has begged him to marry her. Back at the Owens house, Madge and Millie cry themselves to sleep in their shared room, with Millie swearing she will never drink again and Madge uncertain about her future with Hal. The next morning, Howard comes to the Owens house, intending to tell Rosemary he wants to wait, but at the sight of him she is overjoyed, thinking he has come to take her away. He wordlessly goes along with the misunderstanding and before he knows it Rosemary is getting ready to get married while Florence Mrs Potts Millie and Rosemary’s fellow schoolteachers are wishing the two congratulations on their upcoming wedding. As Howard passes Madge on the stairs, he tells her Hal is hiding in the back seat of his car. Hal is able to slip away before the other women gleefully decorate Howard's car, and Howard and Rosemary drive off to be married. While Howard and Rosemary happily drive off to the Ozarks for their honeymoon, Hal and Madge meet by a shed behind the house. He tells her that he loves her and asks her to meet him in Tulsa, Oklahoma where they can marry and he can get a job at a hotel as a bellhop and elevator operator. Mrs. Owens finds them by the shed and threatens to call the police on him but he tells her he’s leaving. Madge and Hal embrace and kiss.Hal runs to catch a passing freight train, crying out to Madge, "You love me! You love me!" Then he hops on the train and the train speeds off. Flo attempts to run after her crying daughter and turns to Mrs Potts for advice. Mrs Potts indicates she likes the young man for Madge and tries to tell Flo to let her daughter grow up and find out for herself about him. Upstairs in their room, Millie tells Madge to "do something bright" for once in her life and go to Hal to marry him. Madge packs a small suitcase and, despite her mother's begging and tears to stay, bids goodbye to Mrs Potts Millie and her mother and boards a bus for Tulsa to meet Hal.
619	Extreme Measures (1996)	Drama, Thriller	Dr. Guy Luthan is a New York emergency room doctor who one night comes across a strange patient: a homeless man who has a wristband from a hospital he's not familiar with, mentioning a drug he's never heard of, and with strange symptoms, including a wildly fluctuating heart rate. When the man dies, Guy attempts to follow up and find out more about the patient - only to find that the body and all records have disappeared, and he's told by his superiors to drop the case.As he continues trying to find out what happened, Guy's personal and professional life get suddenly sidetracked. His home is ransacked and cocaine is planted near his bedside. The police arrest him and he is convicted and in the process he loses his job, his license to practice medicine and all of his friends. In desperation, he manages to get the help of some homeless men who lead him to their underground home. His ER patient who died also had lived there. Through them he's led to an organization, led by neurologist Dr. Lawrence Myrick, that performs spinal experiments on the homeless people, all of whom have died thus far, in an attempt to find a cure for paralysis.Myrick attempts to sway Guy to join his team, telling him that his "test subjects" are heroes, and that killing one to save millions is worth the sacrifice. Guy admits that while there is some truth in what Myrick says, Myrick's victims did not choose to give up their lives, which makes Myrick a murderer. In a struggle between Guy and rogue FBI Agent Frank Hare, Myrick is accidentally shot and killed. Later, Myrick's widow hands the discs and documentation regarding the research to Guy, telling him, "My husband was trying to do a good thing, but in the wrong way."  He opens the package, views the materials and proceeds towards the neurology building where he is now working.
620	Chamber, The (1996)	Drama	In April 1967, the office of Marvin Kramer, a Jewish civil rights lawyer in Indianola, Mississippi, is bombed by the Ku Klux Klan, killing Kramer's five-year-old twin sons and leading to the amputation of Kramer's legs and his later suicide. Klansman Sam Cayhall is tried for murder in the bombing, and is eventually convicted and sentenced to die in the gas chamber at the Mississippi State Penitentiary.Twenty-nine years later, Adam Hall, a young attorney at the Chicago law firm of Kravitz and Bane, seeks assignment to the firm's pro bono representation of Cayhall in the last weeks before his scheduled execution. Adam is Cayhall's grandson, his family having since moved away from the South and changed their name, haunted and shamed by Cayhall's actions. Adam is motivated to take the case in a search for some understanding of the dark secrets of his family, which prompted the suicide of Adam's father the year Sam was sentenced to death and whose body Adam found as a child.Adam is sent by the firm to Jackson, Mississippi to take over the case and there reconnects with his aunt Lee Bowen, an alcoholic socialite who has managed to avoid public association with her infamous father, and who warns Adam about the dangers of dredging up the past. On death row, Sam remains a brusque, bitter, unrepentant racist who brags about his participation in the Klan bombing campaign of which the Kramer bombing was a part, though he denies that any of the bombings were intended to kill. He taunts Adam for his youth, legal inexperience, opposition to racism, and the suicide of his father, but he agrees to allow Adam to represent him, though he forbids Adam from seeking clemency from Mississippi Governor McAllister, who had prosecuted Sam in his last retrial and had campaigned on that prosecution in his election to Governor. Nevertheless, as he begins to argue the case, Adam is approached by the Governor through an aide, Nora Stark, who suggests that he might consider clemency if Sam provides information about unidentified co-conspirators to the bombing.As Adam investigates, inconsistencies in the facts of the original case come to light, casting doubt on Sam's intent to kill and suggesting that he lacked the ability to make the bomb himself, and both Stark and the original FBI agent who investigated the case indicate that the bombing may have been the result of a broader conspiracy involving the Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission and White Citizens' Councils, which were active at the time of the bombing in opposition to civil rights.Sam refuses to authorize Adam to seek access to the Sovereignty Commission's files, sealed by order of the state legislature, fearing it would expose Sam's former associates in the Klan, as well allowing the Governor to obtain useful information on political enemies, which he indicates is the Governor's real reason for seeking Sam's cooperation in unsealing the files.Adam continues to work through the courts, filing and arguing motions for a stay of execution, including on the grounds that Sam was legally insane and unable to tell right from wrong, due to his indoctrination into the Ku Klux Klan. At the same time, Lee, faced with the unearthed ghosts of the family history and having lapsed back into full-blown alcoholism, reveals to Adam that in the early 1950s, as children, she and Adam's father had witnessed their father murder the family's African-American neighbor Joe Lincoln during a fight that had started because Adam's father, Eddie, had wrongly accused Lincoln's son of stealing a toy soldier. Eddie had blamed himself for the murder, as well as Lee, for failing to stop Sam, the guilt of which was a factor in Eddie's later suicide and Lee's alcoholism. Lee also reveals how their father had been indoctrinated into the Klan as a child, showing Adam a historic photograph of Sam as a young boy attending a Klan lynching which Adam uses in his arguments before the courts.Adam and Nora secretly gain access to the Sovereignty Commission's sealed files, which prove a wider conspiracy to the bombing, and also indicate the participation of an accomplice.  The former FBI agent resurfaces, and reveals to Adam that the FBI had identified the accomplice, Rollie Wedge, whom the FBI had never been able to prove responsible, but who has reunited with other Klan members to commemorate the bombing on the eve of the pending execution.Adam goes to a Klan reunion but is beaten by several members and threatened at gunpoint by Wedge. Adam's persistence, the revelation of how much Sam's hatred had destroyed his family, and his impending execution begin to affect Sam, and he softens, reconciling with Lee and expressing remorse for his actions and the effect they have had on his family. Sam forcefully rejects the Klan when Wedge visits him in prison to encourage him to remain silent, and it is revealed that Wedge was the one who had built the bomb and set it deliberately to detonate.Ultimately, Adam's motions for a stay are denied by the courts, including the United States Supreme Court. Despite Sam's finally authorizing the release of relevant Sovereignty Commission files, the Governor refuses to grant clemency, betraying him and Adam, while nonetheless using the files as political leverage as Sam had predicted. Wedge, identified in the files, is finally arrested.Ultimately, Sam is executed in the gas chamber, though Adam remains a confidant and advocate for his grandfather up until his execution, and he and Lee embrace at the end, in the hope that maybe the ghosts of the past are gone.
621	Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier (1955)	Western	Davy Crockett: King of the Wild Frontier is a 1955 American Western adventure drama film produced by Walt Disney Productions. It is an edited and recut compilation of the first three episodes of the Davy Crockett television miniseries. The episodes used were Davy Crockett Indian Fighter, Davy Crockett Goes to Congress, and Davy Crockett at the Alamo. The film stars Fess Parker as Davy Crockett. A prequel, titled Davy Crockett and the River Pirates, was released on July 18, 1956.
622	Swiss Family Robinson (1960)	Adventure, Children's	A ship carrying a Swiss family from Bern—Father, Mother, and their three sons, who are relocating to a colony in New Guinea to escape the Napoleonic Wars—is attacked by pirates. Abandoned by the crew, the ship eventually grounds on rocks off an uninhabited island. The family makes their way ashore along with the captain's two Great Danes. Father, eldest son Fritz, and middle son Ernst salvage supplies and livestock from the shipwreck. The pirates locate the ship, but Father scares them off by putting up a quarantine flag, signaling Bubonic plague aboard.The family soon discovers that the island contains a diversity of wildlife, including a dangerous tiger. To provide safety and comfort, Father, Fritz, and Ernst construct an elaborate tree house complete with a water wheel. Youngest son Francis collects various animals including a young Asian elephant, a monkey, and an ostrich. Ernst theorizes that the island may once have been part of a land bridge between Africa and Asia. As the family settles in, Father opines that, by going back to nature, they have found everything they need in life. Mother, however, worries that her sons will never marry or have families if they are not rescued, and consents to allow Fritz and Ernst to circumnavigate the island in a homemade outrigger boat and search for other settlements.During their expedition, the brothers come across the pirates, who have captured another ship and taken its captain, Moreland, and its cabin boy captive. They rescue the cabin boy, but the pirates spot them before they can free Moreland, who insists they leave him since the pirates intend to ransom him. The brothers and the boy flee the pirates through the jungle, the brothers later learning that the "boy" is really a girl named Roberta. Moreland (her grandfather) cut her hair and dressed her as a boy to disguise her gender from the pirates. They survive an attack by a green anaconda, but become lost and fight over what to do. Fritz's strong personality wins in the end, and they decide to press on. They rescue a zebra from hyenas and a quicksand trap; using it as a mount, they arrive back at the tree house just in time for Christmas.Anticipating that the pirates will come looking for Roberta, the family scuttles their wrecked ship to hide their location. They fortify a rocky clifftop, building defenses and booby traps. Fritz and Ernst become rivals for Roberta's affections. Believing that her grandfather will return for her once ransomed, she intends to return to London; Ernst is interested in going to school there, while Fritz would rather go on to New Guinea to build a home of his own. Despite this, a romance develops between Fritz and Roberta, and the brothers come to blows over her. To relieve tension, Father declares a holiday to be held. That night, Francis manages to catch the tiger in one of the pits that they have dug.The holiday begins with a race, the boys and Roberta riding on various animals. The pirates, sailing nearby, hear the sound of the starting pistol and come ashore. The family retreats to their fort, and the attackers fall victim to their traps and defenses. Kuala, the pirate captain, demands that they hand over Roberta, while his men sneak up the cliff side and attack from the rear. As the family is about to be overwhelmed, a ship captained by Moreland appears, destroying the pirates and their ship with cannon fire.Moreland offers to help Ernst get into a London university, and to take the rest of the family back to Europe or on to New Guinea. Father and Mother, however, decide that they would rather stay on the island and keep Francis with them for a few more years. Moreland speculates that the island will become a new colony, and that Father will be nominated to be its governor. Fritz and Roberta also decide to stay on the island, and the family waves goodbye to Ernst as he, Moreland, and the ship's crew set out for England.
623	Angels in the Outfield (1994)	Children's, Comedy	Young foster child Roger Bomman and his friend, J.P., love to sneak into baseball games of the struggling California Angels. Still in limited contact with his widowed father, Roger asks when they will be a family again. His father replies sarcastically, "I'd say when the Angels win the pennant". Taking his father's words literally, he prays for God to help the Angels win. In a game against the Toronto Blue Jays which Roger and J.P. attend, he sees a group of angels led by Al helping the team. Although he can see them quite clearly, everyone else can only explain the seemingly impossible acts as freak occurrences. Roger's unique ability to see which players are receiving help from angels leads their skeptical manager George Knox to keep him around as a good luck charm and consultant. Due to the much-needed help, the Angels start to win games and make a surprising second-half surge to the top of their division.Roger's father permanently gives up custody of him, believing it is in Roger's best interest. As Roger laments his loss, an equally distraught J.P. accidentally reveals to antagonistic sportscaster Ranch Wilder that Roger has the ability to see angels, and that George has been winning through the advice Roger gave him. Hoping to permanently end George's career in baseball since their days as players, Wilder informs the press of this, and their owner Hank Murphy threatens to relieve George of his management responsibilities. Roger comes clean to his caretaker Maggie Nelson about his special ability, and at a press conference, they and the entire team defend George in front of the press. Moved by their faith, Murphy allows him to remain as the Angels' manager.During the final game of the season against the rival Chicago White Sox, none of the angels show up to help the team. Later on, Al appears to Roger and explains that championships have to be won on their own. He also says that he is there to check on pitcher Mel Clark, who only has months to live due to his years of smoking and will become an angel himself. Mel struggles in the ninth inning but perseveres after encouragement from George, his team, and the fans in attendance. The Angels ultimately win the game on their own and clinch the division title and the pennant, while Murphy fires Wilder for insulting the team on the air. George adopts Roger and J.P., as he wants to try to be a father. J.P. sees Al and says, "I knew it could happen". Al flies off and says, "We're always watching".
624	Three Caballeros, The (1945)	Animation, Children's, Musical	The film, celebrating Donald Duck's 10th anniversary, consists of seven segments, each connected by a common theme. In the film, it is Donald Duck's birthday (namely Friday the 13th), and he receives three presents from friends in Latin America. The first present is a film projector, which shows him a documentary about birds called "Aves Raras". The first segment of the documentary tells the story of Pablo, a penguin seeking the warm weather of Equatorial South America. The next segment details some of the odd birds of Latin America. During this part of the documentary, he learns about the Aracuan Bird, who received his name because of his eccentric song. The documentary then shifts to the perspective of a man narrating a story from his childhood, where he discovers and befriends a donkey with the wings of a condor in Uruguay.The next present is a book given to Donald by José, a native of Brazil. This book tells of Bahia (spelled "Baía" in the film), which is one of Brazil's 26 states. José shrinks them both down so that they can enter the book. Donald and José meet up with several of the locals, who dance a lively samba, and Donald ends up pining for one girl Yaya, the cookie seller, but fails and gets jealous of another man. After the journey, Donald and José leave the book.Upon returning, Donald realizes that he is too small to open his third present. José shows Donald how to use "black magic" to return himself to the proper size. After opening the present, he meets Panchito, a native of Mexico. The trio take the name "The Three Caballeros" and have a short celebration. Panchito then presents Donald's next present, a piñata. Panchito tells Donald of the tradition behind the piñata. José and Panchito then blindfold Donald, and have him attempt to break open the piñata, eventually revealing many surprises. The celebration draws to a close when Donald is fired away by firecrackers in the shape of a ferocious toy bull (with which the firecrackers are lit by José with his cigar).Throughout the film, the Aracuan Bird appears at random moments. He usually taunts everyone with his madcap antics, sometimes stealing José's cigar and trying to make José jealous. His most famous gag is when he re-routes a train that Donald and José are riding on by drawing new tracks, causing the train to disassemble.The film consists of seven segments:=== "The Cold-Blooded Penguin" ===This segment is narrated by Sterling Holloway, reproducing images of the penguins of in Antarctica. In the segment, a penguin named Pablo is so fed up with the freezing conditions of the South Pole that he decides to leave his home for warmer climates, navigating the long coast of Chile (including the Juan Fernández Islands and Viña del Mar), passing by Lima (the capital of Peru) and Quito (the capital of Ecuador) before landing on the Galápagos Islands.=== "The Flying Gauchito" ===This segment, with adult narration provided by Fred Shields, involves the adventures of a little boy from Uruguay and a winged donkey, who goes by the name of Burrito (which is Spanish for "little donkey").=== "Baía" ===This segment involves a pop-up book trip through the Brazilian state of Bahia (spelled Baía in the film), as Donald and José meet up with some of the locals who dance a samba and Donald pining for one of the women, a cookie seller named Yaya (portrayed by singer Aurora Miranda), who later gives Donald a kiss after he gives her a bouquet of flowers.=== "Las Posadas" ===This is the story of a group of Mexican children who celebrated Christmas by re-enacting the journey of Mary, the mother of Jesus and Saint Joseph searching for room at the inn. "Posada" meant "inn", or "shelter", and their parents told them "no posada" at each house until they came to one where they were offered shelter in a stable. This leads to festivities including the breaking of the piñata, which in turn leads to Donald Duck trying to break his own piñata as well.=== "Mexico: Pátzcuaro, Veracruz and Acapulco" ===Panchito gives Donald and José a tour of Mexico City and the country of Mexico on a flying sarape, or magic carpet. Several Mexican dances and songs are learned here. Later Donald pines for more women, tries to pursue every one he sees and gain return affections, but once more he fails every time and ends up kissing José while blindfolded.=== "You Belong to My Heart" and "Donald's Surreal Reverie" ===The skies of Mexico City result in Donald falling in love with singer Dora Luz. The lyrics in the song itself play parts in the scenarios as well. Then several imagined kisses lead to Donald going into the "Love is a drug" scene. Donald constantly envisions sugar rush colors, flowers, and Panchito and José popping in at the worst moments, making chaos. The scene changes after Donald manages to dance with Carmen Molina from the state of Oaxaca, from the Isthmus of Tehuantepec. The two dance and sing the song "La Zandunga". Carmen begins by singing the song, with Donald "quacking" out the rest of the chorus with her. The "drunkenness" slows down for a second after Donald multiplies himself while dancing, but speeds up again when Carmen reappears dressed in a Charro's outfit and uses a horsewhip as a conductor's baton to make cacti appear in many different forms while dancing to "Jesusita en Chihuahua", a trademark song of the Mexican Revolution. This scene is notable for providing the masterful combination of live-action and cartoon animation, as well as animation among the cacti.The scene is interrupted when Panchito and José suddenly spice things up for the finale of the film, and Donald ends up battling the same toy bull with wheels on its legs the day before from earlier. The catch is that it is now loaded with fireworks and other explosives, following with a fireworks finale with the words "The End" exploding from the fireworks, first in Spanish (Fin), in the colors of the flag of Mexico, then the second in Portuguese (Fim), in the colors of the flag of Brazil, and finally in English, in the colors of the flag of the United States (The End).
625	Sword in the Stone, The (1963)	Animation, Children's	After the King of England, Uther Pendragon, dies without an heir to his throne, a sword magically appears inside an anvil atop a stone, with an inscription proclaiming that whoever removes it will be the future king. Many have unsuccessfully attempted to remove the sword, and the sword becomes forgotten, leaving England in the Dark Ages.Years later, a 12-year-old orphan named Arthur, commonly called the Wart, accidentally scares off a deer his older foster brother Kay was hunting, causing Kay to launch his arrow into the forest. While retrieving the arrow, Arthur meets Merlin, an elderly wizard who lives with his talking pet owl Archimedes. Merlin declares himself Arthur's tutor and returns with him to his home, a castle run by Sir Ector, Arthur's foster father. Ector's friend, Sir Pelinore, arrives to announce that the winner of the upcoming New Year's Day tournament in London will be crowned king. Ector decides Kay will be a contender and appoints Arthur as Kay's squire.To educate Arthur, Merlin transforms them both into fish. They swim in the castle moat to learn about physics, until an angry pike attacks the pair. After the lesson, Arthur is sent to the kitchen as punishment for attempting to relate what happened to Ector and Kay. Merlin enchants the dishes to wash themselves, then takes Arthur out again for another lesson.For the next lesson, Merlin transforms them both into squirrels to learn about gravity. Arthur almost gets eaten by a wolf, but is saved by a female squirrel who falls in love with him. After they return to human form, Ector accuses Merlin of using black magic on the dishes. Arthur defends Merlin, but Ector punishes Arthur by giving Kay another squire, Hobbs.Resolving to make amends, Merlin plans on educating Arthur full-time, but Merlin's knowledge of future history confuses Arthur, prompting Merlin to appoint Archimedes as Arthur's teacher. Merlin transforms Arthur into a sparrow and Archimedes teaches him how to fly. Soon after, Arthur encounters Madam Mim, an eccentric, evil witch who is Merlin's nemesis. Merlin arrives to rescue Arthur before Mim can destroy him, and Mim challenges Merlin to a wizards' duel. Despite Mim's cheating, Merlin outsmarts her by transforming into a germ and infecting her, illustrating the importance of knowledge over strength.On Christmas Eve, Kay is knighted. When Hobbs comes down with the mumps, Ector reinstates Arthur as Kay's squire, which spurs him to happily break the news to his teachers. Archimedes congratulates him, but Merlin, thinking Arthur is forsaking education, rebukes him for staying under Kay's thumb. When Arthur retorts that he's lucky, Merlin angrily transports himself to 20th-century Bermuda.At the tournament, Arthur realizes he left Kay's sword at the inn. It is closed for the tournament, but Archimedes sees the "Sword in the Stone", which Arthur removes almost effortlessly, unknowingly fulfilling the prophecy. When Arthur returns with the sword, Ector recognizes it and the tournament is halted. Ector places the sword back in its anvil, demanding Arthur prove that he pulled it. He pulls it once again, revealing that he is England's rightful king, earning Ector and Kay's respect and the former's apology.Later, the newly crowned King Arthur sits in the throne room with Archimedes, feeling unprepared for the responsibility of ruling a country. Merlin returns from Bermuda and resolves to help Arthur become the great king he has foreseen him to be and ensure his legacy.
626	So Dear to My Heart (1949)	Children's, Drama	In 1903, in the fictional town of Fulton Corners, Pike County, Indiana, young Jeremiah Kincaid (Bobby Driscoll) lives with his Granny (Beulah Bondi) on her homestead. Jeremiah idolizes the race horse Dan Patch and dreams of owning and raising a similar champion horse. These dreams change when Granny’s sheep have new lambs, including a black-wool lamb whose mother rejects him. Taking pity on him, Jeremiah convinces Granny to allow him to keep the lamb as a pet, who he names Danny after the horse. A Wise Old Owl who features in cards that Jeremiah keeps in his scrapbook advises Danny that “it’s what you do with what you’ve got that counts,” encouraging him to strive for greatness despite his black wool being a disadvantage.Danny soon becomes a nuisance, underfoot and destructive in nature. To Granny’s consternation, Jeremiah begins neglecting his chores and becomes single-mindedly preoccupied with Danny. With the encouragement of his Uncle Hiram (Burl Ives) and friend Tildy (Luana Patten), Jeremiah becomes determined to enter Danny at the Pike County Fair and win a blue ribbon. After a particularly destructive rampage, Granny resolves to get rid of Danny, but cannot bring herself to do it seeing how Jeremiah cares for him.Uncle Hiram attempts to broach the subject of the County Fair to Granny, but Granny refuses on financial grounds. The Wise Old Owl instructs Jeremiah to persevere, with the stories of Christopher Columbus and Robert the Bruce illustrating “stick-to-it-ivity.” Eager to make money to change Granny’s mind, Jeremiah and Tildy go looking for scarce wild honey to sell to the general store. Their search takes them into a swamp, where they find a tree swarming with bees, which yields enough honey to fill two tubs' worth, earning Jeremiah a considerable amount of money. Upon returning home, Hiram and Jeremiah learn from Granny that Tildy and Danny have gone missing. Jeremiah runs after Danny, and Tildy returns shortly after. When Jeremiah does not return home before dark, Granny goes out into a storm to look for him, bringing him home without Danny over his protests. When Granny advises Jeremiah that Danny is in God’s hands, Jeremiah protests that God can’t take Danny away from him. Granny scolds Jeremiah for becoming selfish and fixated on the prizes Danny can win over genuine love for him.Jeremiah sets out early the next morning and finds Danny. Jeremiah reveals to Granny that he prayed and promised God that if He let him find Danny, he would give up his vain dreams. Granny, seeing that Jeremiah has learned his lesson, tells a white lie that she promised God that if He let Jeremiah find Danny, they could go to the fair, reasoning that since she’s known God longer, he’ll be alright with her promise taking precedent.At the fair, Granny advises Jeremiah to accept loss as gracefully as victory. Jeremiah falters slightly when showing Danny, overwhelmed at the high pedigrees of the competition, and Danny causes slight embarrassment by ramming into one of the judges, though the judge is more impressed than offended. Jeremiah is dismayed when another sheep wins the blue ribbon, but maintains his dignity. The judge Danny rammed compliments Jeremiah and Danny, telling the crowd that Danny is in a class of his own, echoing the Owl’s advice “it’s what you do with what you’ve got that counts,” and awards Jeremiah and Danny a special award. The family returns to Fulton Corners to the admiration of the community, with Danny now accepted and celebrated.
627	Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves (1991)	Drama	In 1194, English nobleman Robin of Locksley has spent years in an Ayyubid prison in Jerusalem, having followed King Richard the Lionheart on the Third Crusade. Robin and his comrade Peter Dubois escape, saving the life of a Moor named Azeem.Mortally wounded, Peter makes Robin swear to protect his sister Marian, and Robin returns to England with Azeem, who vows to accompany him until his life debt is repaid. In King Richard's absence, the cruel Sheriff of Nottingham plots to seize the throne for himself and has Robin's father killed for remaining loyal to the king.Arriving home four months later, Robin saves a young boy from the Sheriff's ruthless cousin, Guy of Gisbourne. He finds his father's corpse and his family's servant Duncan blinded by Gisbourne; Duncan explains that Robin’s father was falsely accused of devil worship. The Sheriff consults the witch Mortianna, who foresees King Richard's return and that Robin and Azeem "will be our deaths".Robin tells Marian of her brother's death, but she sees little need for his protection. Fleeing the Sheriff's forces into Sherwood Forest, Robin, Duncan and Azeem encounter a group of outlaws led by Little John, who challenges Robin to a duel. Robin wins and earns John's friendship, but the bandit Will Scarlet refuses to trust him. Confronting the corrupt Bishop of Hereford for his role in his father's death, Robin humiliates the Sheriff, who sends Gisbourne to terrorize the peasants in the search for "Robin of the Hood".Despite the price on his head, Robin shapes the growing band of outlaws into a formidable force against the Sheriff. They rob rich folk passing through the forest and distribute the stolen wealth and food among the poor, and are joined by the beer-loving Friar Tuck.Marian offers Robin any aid she can, and they fall in love. Robin's success and public support infuriate the Sheriff, who worsens his abuse of the peasants and kills Gisbourne for failing to stop the outlaws. Mortianna advises the Sheriff to recruit fearsome Celtic warriors from Scotland and that he must marry someone of royal blood: Marian, the king's cousin.Betrayed by the Bishop, Marian is taken prisoner, and Duncan rides to warn Robin, unknowingly followed by the Sheriff's men. They storm Sherwood with Celtic reinforcements and burn Robin's hideout, capturing many of the outlaws and killing Duncan. With Robin presumed dead, the Sheriff threatens the prisoners and their families, forcing Marian to agree to marriage. Will bargains with the Sheriff to betray Robin and returns to Sherwood, but instead reveals that he is Robin's half-brother, and they reconcile.On the day of the wedding, Robin and his men infiltrate Nottingham Castle and save the outlaws from being hanged. With the help of Azeem's explosive powder, they free the prisoners, and Azeem inspires the peasants to revolt, forcing the Sheriff to retreat with Marian into his keep.The Bishop hastily performs the marriage, but before the Sheriff can consummate it, Robin bursts in. Friar Tuck finds the Bishop fleeing with gold, burdens him with additional treasure, and defenestrates him. In a fierce duel, Robin kills the Sheriff, and Azeem kills Mortianna in defense of Robin, thus fulfilling his life-debt.Later, Robin and Marian's wedding in Sherwood is interrupted by the return of King Richard, who blesses the marriage and thanks Robin for saving his throne.
628	Sleepers (1996)	Crime, Drama	Lorenzo "Shakes" Carcaterra, Tommy Marcano, Michael Sullivan and John Reilly are childhood friends living in Hell's Kitchen in the 1960s. Father "Bobby" Carillo, their parish priest, tries to teach them right from wrong. The boys play pranks and start running small errands for local gangster King Benny.In summer 1967, the four young teens steal a hot-dog cart. They accidentally roll the cart down a set of subway stairs, severely injuring a man. The boys are all sentenced to serve time at a juvenile detention center called Wilkinson Home for Boys in Upstate New York; Shakes is given six-to-twelve months, while the others are given 12-to-18 months. During their stay, they are repeatedly subjected to sexual abuse and torture by head guards Sean Nokes, Henry Addison, Ralph Ferguson and Adam Styler.While at the facility, they participate in Wilkinson's annual football game between the guards and inmates. Michael convinces inmate Rizzo Robinson to help win the game. Humiliated, the guards move the boys to solitary confinement for weeks, where they are systematically beaten. Rizzo does not survive, and his family is told that he died of pneumonia.In spring 1968, shortly before Shakes's release from Wilkinson, he suggests that the boys publicly report the abuse. The others refuse, with Michael asserting that no one would believe them nor care, and they vow to never speak of it again. The night before Shakes is released, Nokes and the other guards arrange a "farewell party" at which the four boys are brutally raped.In 1981, John and Tommy, now career criminals working with the Irish Mob, unexpectedly encounter Sean Nokes in a Hell's Kitchen pub. When John and Tommy confront him, he dismisses his past abusive behavior toward them. John and Tommy fatally shoot Nokes in the presence of witnesses. Michael, now an assistant district attorney, arranges to be assigned to the case; he secretly intends to botch the prosecution to expose the abuse committed by the guards at Wilkinson's. With Shakes, now a timetable clerk for The New York Times, he plans to free John and Tommy as revenge on the other Wilkinson abusers. With the help of King Benny and Carol, the boys' childhood friend, they carry out their plan using information compiled by Michael on the backgrounds of the guards. They are helped by Danny Snyder, an alcoholic lawyer who defends John and Tommy.Michael secretly drafts scripted questions for Snyder in advance. As a result, Snyder casts significant doubt on the testimony of a woman who witnessed the murder, and two other witnesses are intimidated into silence. For his plan to fully succeed, however, Michael decides that he must damage Nokes's reputation and convincingly place John and Tommy at another location at the time of the shooting. When called as a witness, Ferguson (now a social worker) admits that Nokes and the other guards systematically abused the boys. But to clinch the case, a key witness is still needed for John and Tommy's alibi. Shakes has a long talk with Father Bobby; after learning the truth about the abuse that the boys suffered, he reluctantly agrees to perjure himself. Father Bobby testifies at trial that John and Tommy were with him at a New York Knicks game at the time of the shooting, producing three ticket stubs as proof. As a result, John and Tommy are acquitted.Following his evidence, Ferguson is told by the judge not to leave town because people will want to ask him questions. The remaining guards are also punished for their crimes. Addison, who became a politician and continued to molest children, is abducted and killed near the local airport. The killers are gangsters who are led by Rizzo's older brother, Eddie "Little Caesar" Robinson, who heard the truth about Rizzo's death from King Benny. Styler, now a corrupt police officer, is imprisoned for taking bribes and murdering a drug dealer.After the acquittal, Michael, Shakes, John and Tommy meet with Carol at a local bar to celebrate. It is the final time that the four men are together. Shakes remains in Hell's Kitchen and becomes a trainee reporter. Michael quits the DA's office, moves to the English countryside, becomes a carpenter and remains unmarried. John and Tommy both die before age 30; John succumbs to alcohol poisoning, while Tommy is ambushed and murdered by rival criminals. Carol remains in Hell's Kitchen as a social worker; she has a son, naming him John Thomas Michael Martinez and nicknaming him "Shakes".
629	Victor/Victoria (1982)	Comedy, Musical	In 1934 Paris, Carroll "Toddy" Todd, an aging gay performer at Club Chez Lui, sees Labisse, the owner, auditioning frail and impoverished soprano Victoria Grant. After her failed audition, Victoria returns to her hotel room to find herself about to be evicted, as she cannot pay her rent. That night, when hustler Richard, with whom Toddy is romantically involved, comes to Chez Lui as part of a straight foursome, Toddy incites a brawl resulting in damage and the police locking up whomever they can get their hands on. Labisse fires Toddy and bans him from the club. Walking home, Toddy spots Victoria in a restaurant. She invites him to join her. As both of them are poor, she plans to dump a cockroach in her salad to avoid paying, but it escapes and mayhem ensues.The duo run through the rain to Toddy's, and he invites her to stay when she discovers the rain has shrunk and damaged her decrepit clothing. The next morning Richard shows up to collect his things. Victoria, who is wearing his suit and hat, hides in Toddy's closet. When Richard opens the closet, she punches him, breaking his nose before kicking him out. Seeing this, Toddy is struck with the inspiration of passing Victoria off as a man and presenting her to successful talent agent Andre Cassell as a female impersonator.Cassell accepts her as Count Victor Grazinski, a gay Polish impersonator and Toddy's new boyfriend. Cassell gets her a booking in a nightclub show and invites club owners to the opening. Among the guests are Chicago gangster King Marchand, his moll Norma Cassidy and bodyguard Mr. Bernstein, also known as Squash. Victoria becomes a hit. King is smitten, but is shocked when she "reveals" herself to be a man at the end of the act. King, however, is convinced that "Victor" is not a man.After Norma attacks King during a quarrel, he sends her back to the United States. Determined to uncover the truth, King sneaks into Victoria and Toddy's suite and confirms his suspicion when he spies her getting into the bath. In Chicago, Norma, angry over being dumped, tells King's business partner Sal Andretti that King is having an affair with a man. King invites Victoria, Toddy and Cassell to Chez Lui. Another fight breaks out. Squash, Cassell, and Toddy are arrested, along with many of the club clientele, but King and Victoria escape. King kisses Victoria, pretending that he does not care about her assumed gender.Squash returns to the suite and catches him in bed with Victoria. King tries to explain, but then Squash reveals that he himself is gay. Victoria and King argue over whether or not the relationship could work and Victoria discovers that King is not really a gangster but someone who pretends to be to stay in the nightclub business. Both he and Victoria are pretending to be something they are not. Victoria returns to her room and finds Squash in bed with Toddy.Meanwhile, Labisse hires private investigator Charles Bovin to tail Victor. Victoria and King attempt to live together, but keeping up her deception strains the relationship, and King eventually ends it. At the same time that Victoria decides to give up the Victor persona to be with King, Sal arrives and demands that King transfer his share of the business to Sal for a fraction of what it is actually worth. Squash tells Victoria what is happening, and she shows Norma that she is really a woman, saving King's stake. That night at the club, Cassell tells Toddy and Victoria that Labisse lodged a police complaint against him and "Victor" for perpetrating a public fraud. After checking for himself, the inspector tells Labisse that the performer he saw in the room, after opening the door, is a man and accuses Labisse for being a idiot. Victoria joins King in the club as her real self. The announcer says that Victor will perform, but instead of Victoria, Toddy masquerades as "Victor". After an intentionally disastrous performance of "The Shady Dame From Seville," Toddy claims that this is his last performance.
630	Great Race, The (1965)	Comedy, Musical	The Great Leslie and Professor Fate are competing daredevils at the turn of the 20th century. Leslie is the classic hero archetype – always dressed in white, handsome, ever-courteous, talented and successful. Leslie's nemesis, Fate, is the traditional villain – usually dressed in black, sporting a black moustache and top hat, glowering at almost everyone, possessing a maniacal laugh, filled with plans to thwart the hero and dogged by failure. Leslie proposes an automobile race from New York City to Paris and offers the Webber Motor Car Company the opportunity to build an automobile to make the journey. They design and build a new car for him, "The Leslie Special". Fate builds his own car, "The Hannibal Twin-8", complete with hidden devices of sabotage. Other car owners enter the race, including one owned by New York's most prominent newspaper. Driving the newspaper's car is photojournalist Maggie DuBois, a vocal suffragist.A seven-car race begins, but Fate's sidekick Maximilian Meen has sabotaged four other cars (and his own, by mistake), leaving just three cars in the race. The surviving teams are Leslie with his loyal valet Hezekiah Sturdy, Maggie DuBois driving a Stanley Steamer by herself and Fate and Max. The steamer car breaks down and Maggie accepts a lift in the Leslie Special. Fate arrives first at a refueling point, the small Western frontier town of Boracho. "Texas Jack", a local outlaw (referred to on screen as "Cactus Jack"), becomes jealous of the attraction to Leslie shown by showgirl Lily Olay and a saloon brawl ensues. Fate sneaks outside amidst the chaos, steals the fuel he needs and destroys the rest. Leslie uses mules to pull his car to another refueling point, where Maggie tricks Hezekiah into boarding a train and handcuffs him to a seat, lying to Leslie that Hezekiah had quit and "wanted to go back to New York".The two remaining cars reach the Bering Strait and park side by side in a blinding snowstorm. Keeping warm during the storm, Leslie and Maggie begin to see each other as more than competitors. Mishaps, including a polar bear in Fate's car, compel all four racers to warm themselves in Leslie's car. They awaken on a small ice floe which drifts into their intended Russian port, where Hezekiah is waiting for Leslie, who casts off Maggie for deceiving him. Maggie is snatched by Fate, who drives off in the lead.After driving across Asia, both cars enter the tiny kingdom of Carpania, whose alcoholic Crown Prince Friedrich Hapnick is the spitting image of Professor Fate. Plotters under the leadership of Baron Rolfe von Stuppe and General Kuhster kidnap the Prince, Fate, Max and Maggie. Max escapes and joins Leslie to rescue the others. Fate is forced to masquerade as the Prince during the coronation so that the rebels can gain control of the kingdom. Leslie and Max overcome Von Stuppe's henchmen and confront Von Stuppe.  Following a sword fight with Leslie, Von Stuppe attempts escape by leaping to a waiting boat, but bursts the hull and sinks it. Leslie and Max return the real Prince to the capital in time to defeat Kuhster's plan for a military coup. Fate, still masquerading as Prince Hapnick, takes refuge in a bakery but falls into a huge cake. A pie fight ensues involving the racers, the Prince's men and the conspirators. The five racers, covered in pie filling, depart Carpania with King Friedrich's best wishes.As the racers leave Pottsdorf (with Maggie now back in Leslie's car), it becomes a straight road race to Paris. Nearing Paris, Leslie and Maggie have an argument regarding the roles of men, women and sex in relationships. Leslie stops his car just short of the finish line under the Eiffel Tower to prove that he loves Maggie more than he cares about winning the race. Fate drives past to claim the winner's mantle, but becomes indignant that Leslie let him win. Fate refuses to accept the winner's mantle and demands a rematch: a west to east race back to New York City.The return race commences, with newlyweds Leslie and Maggie now a team. Fate lets them start first, then orders Max to destroy their car with a cannon. The shot misses the Leslie Special and instead  brings the Eiffel Tower down on Fate and Max.
631	Crying Game, The (1992)	Action, Drama, Romance, War	At a rural Northern Irish fairground, a Provisional IRA volunteer named Fergus and a unit of other IRA members, led by Peter Maguire, kidnap a Black British soldier named Jody after a female member of their unit, Jude, lures Jody to a secluded area by promising sex. The unit intends to hold Jody until an imprisoned IRA member is released, and if their demands are not met within three days, he will be executed.As Fergus stands guard over Jody, the two begin to bond, and Jody shares the fable of the Scorpion and the Frog with him. Aware that he may not survive, Jody asks Fergus to promise to find his girlfriend Dil. When the captors' deadline passes without their demands being met, Fergus is ordered to take Jody into the woods to kill him. However, instead of shooting him, Fergus chases Jody when he attempts to escape. As Jody flees, he runs into the road and is struck and killed by a British armoured personnel carrier.The British army attacks the IRA unit, and Fergus manages to escape, believing his companions have perished in the attack. He flees to London, assuming the alias "Jimmy" and finding work as a day labourer. A few months later, Fergus finds Dil at a hair salon, where Jody had told him that Dil works as a stylist. He follows her to a bar, and they flirt using the barman, Col, as an intermediary. They develop a relationship, and in time Fergus falls in love with her.Later, when they are about to become intimate, Dil undresses, revealing that non-operative Dil is transsexual. Fergus, initially repulsed, reacts severely, hitting Dil in the face and leaving her apartment. After some reflection, he apologizes to Dil in a note, and they reconcile.Around the same time, Jude reappears and coerces Fergus into helping with an assassination plot against a British judge, using the threat of harm to Dil to ensure his cooperation. Fergus continues to woo Dil, disguising her as a boy in Jody's old cricket uniform to protect her. The night before the IRA mission, Dil gets drunk and Fergus stays with her. He confesses his role in Jody's death, but Dil appears not to fully comprehend in her intoxicated state.In the morning, Dil restrains Fergus with stockings, preventing him from completing the assassination. An angry Maguire manages to shoot the judge, but he is shot and killed by the judge's bodyguards. Jude, seeking revenge, enters Dil's flat with a gun, but Dil manages to overpower her and shoots her dead after learning of her involvement in Jody's death. Dil then points the gun at Fergus but ultimately spares him, stating that Jody would not want her to kill him.Fergus prevents Dil from killing herself and allows her to escape. He wipes her fingerprints from the gun and takes the blame for Jude's murder. Months later, Dil visits Fergus in prison and asks why he took the fall for her. He responds, "As a man once said, it's in my nature," and begins to recount the story of the Scorpion and the Frog.
632	Sophie's Choice (1982)	Drama	In 1947, young author Stingo moves to Brooklyn to write a novel and is befriended by neighbors Sophie Zawistowska, a Polish immigrant, and her emotionally unstable lover, Nathan Landau. Nathan is constantly jealous, and when he is in one of his violent mood swings, he convinces himself that Sophie is unfaithful, so he abuses and harasses her. A flashback shows how Nathan first met Sophie after she immigrated to the U.S. when she collapsed from severe anemia.Sophie tells Stingo that before she came to the U.S., her husband and father were killed in a German work camp, and she was interred in Auschwitz. He later learns from a college professor that Sophie's father was a Nazi sympathizer. When Stingo confronts Sophie with this, she admits the truth. She explains that after her father (a university professor) and her husband (her father's assistant) were taken away by the Nazis, she had a war-time lover, Józef. He lived with his half-sister, Wanda, and was a leader in the Polish Resistance. Wanda tried to convince Sophie to translate some stolen Gestapo documents, but Sophie declined, fearing she might endanger her two children, Jan and Eva. Two weeks later, Józef was murdered by the Gestapo, and Sophie was arrested and sent to Auschwitz with her children. After arrival, Sophie was assigned as Rudolph Höss's secretary due to her language and office skills.Nathan tells Sophie and Stingo that he is doing groundbreaking research at Pfizer, but Nathan's physician brother tells Stingo that Nathan has paranoid schizophrenia and that all of the schools he claimed to attend were actually expensive "funny farms". Nathan is not a biologist as he claims, although he does have a job at Pfizer, which his brother obtained for him. However, it is in the library, and he only occasionally assists with research.After Nathan believes Sophie has betrayed him again, he calls Stingo and her on the phone and fires a gun in a violent rage. Sophie and Stingo flee to a hotel, and he begins planning for a future for the two of them. She agrees to be with him, but not to marry because she considers herself an unfit mother. Sophie explains that upon arrival at Auschwitz, she had been forced to choose which one of her children would be sent to the gas chamber and killed. If she failed to choose, both would be. Desperately, she chose to send her daughter Eva to save her son Jan, so that the family name might live on through his offspring. Sophie and Stingo have sex; while he is sleeping, she leaves a note before returning to Nathan. The next day, he returns to their building only to find Sophie and Nathan have committed suicide together by taking cyanide. Soon after, Stingo finds a book of poetry by Emily Dickinson, the American poet Sophie adored, on a table and recites the poem "Ample Make This Bed".Stingo moves to a small farm his father recently inherited in southern Virginia to finish writing his novel.
633	Christmas Carol, A (1938)	Drama	On Christmas Eve in 19th-century London, Fred Scrooge is sliding on ice on a sidewalk. He meets Peter and Tim Cratchit, sons of his maternal uncle Ebenezer's clerk, Bob Cratchit. When Fred reveals who he is, the boys take off in terror.Fred soon arrives at the counting-house of the miserly Ebenezer. After declining an invitation from his nephew to dine with him on Christmas, Scrooge rudely dismisses two gentlemen collecting money for charity. That night, Scrooge reluctantly allows Bob to have Christmas off but orders him to come into work early the day after. Later, though, Bob accidentally knocks off Scrooge's hat with a snowball. Scrooge fires him and withholds a week's salary to compensate for the ruined hat, also demanding a shilling to make up the difference. Bob spends the last of his wages on food for his family's Christmas dinner.In his house, Scrooge is confronted by the ghost of his deceased business partner, Jacob Marley, who warns Scrooge to repent his wicked ways, or he will be condemned in the afterlife as Marley was. He tells Scrooge he will be haunted by three spirits.At 1 a.m, Scrooge is visited by the youthful Ghost of Christmas Past, who takes him back in time to his early life. Scrooge is shown his unhappiness when he was left to spend the holidays alone at school, and his joy when his sister, Fan, came to take him home for Christmas. The spirit reminds Scrooge that Fan, dead for some years, is the mother of his nephew. Scrooge is shown his early career in business and money lending as an employee under Fezziwig.At two o'clock, Scrooge meets the merry Ghost of Christmas Present, who shows Scrooge how others keep Christmas. At a church service, Fred and his fiancée, Bess, are seen as happy and in love. The couple must wait to marry because of Fred's financial circumstances, and the spirit observes that perhaps they will not marry at all, and their love may end. Scrooge is then shown the Cratchit home. Despite wearing a cheery manner for his family's sake, Bob is deeply troubled by the loss of his job, though he confides in no one except his daughter Martha. The spirit hints that Bob's youngest son, Tim, will die of a crippling illness by the same time next year if things do not change.At 3 a.m., the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come arrives, appearing as a silent, cloaked figure. The spirit shows Scrooge what will happen if he does not change. Scrooge discovers Tiny Tim is dead and his family mourns for him, while he himself dies alone and forgotten. Scrooge promises to repent and returns home to awake in his own bed on Christmas Day.Scrooge is a changed man. He asks a boy in the street to buy the large turkey in the butcher shop's window for him, meaning to take it to the Cratchits. Running into the two men who petitioned him for charity on Christmas Eve, Scrooge gives them a large donation. He visits Fred and makes him his new partner, then goes to the Cratchit house where he gives everyone gifts and rehires Bob with an increase in his wages.
634	Microcosmos: Le peuple de l'herbe (1996)	Documentary	Microcosmos (French: Microcosmos: Le peuple de l'herbe, lit. 'Microcosmos: People of the grass') is a 1996 documentary film written and directed by Claude Nuridsany and Marie Pérennou and produced by Jacques Perrin. An international co-production of France, Switzerland, Italy and the United Kingdom, the film showcases detailed interactions between insects and other small invertebrates, and features music by Bruno Coulais. The film was screened out of competition at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival.
635	Fog, The (1980)	Horror	On the eve of the centennial of the small coastal town Antonio Bay in Northern California, old Mr. Machen tells ghost stories to children by a campfire on the beach. One story is about a clipper ship that crashed against the rocks nearby, causing all of its crew to drown after mistaking a campfire for a lighthouse while sailing through an unearthly fog. Machen finishes the story as midnight strikes and paranormal activity begins occurring around the town. Town priest, Father Malone, discovers his grandfather's diary when a stone spontaneously falls from a wall in the church, revealing a hidden cavity behind. The journal reveals that a century earlier, on April 21st 1880, the 6 founders of Antonio Bay (including Malone's grandfather) deliberately wrecked a clipper ship named the Elizabeth Dane, so that its wealthy, leprosy-afflicted owner Blake would not establish a leper colony nearby. The conspirators used the gold plundered from the ship to establish the town.Meanwhile, out at sea, a strange, glowing fog envelops a fishermen's trawler. The fog brings with it the Elizabeth Dane, carrying the vengeful ghosts of Blake and his crew, who kill the fishermen. The following morning, local radio DJ Stevie Wayne is given a piece of driftwood by her son Andy, who found it on the beach. It is inscribed with the word "DANE". Stevie carries it with her to the lighthouse where she broadcasts her radio show. As she is listening to music on a cassette, the driftwood begins seeping water. As the water touches her cassette player, a man's voice is inexplicably heard on the tape, vowing revenge, and the words "6 must die" appear on the wood before it bursts into flames. Stevie extinguishes the fire and sees that the wood once again reads "DANE", and the tape is once again playing normally.Town resident Nick and hitchhiker Elizabeth find the lost fishing trawler adrift and the corpse of one of the fishermen. Later, while Elizabeth is in the autopsy room alone, the fisherman's corpse briefly comes to life and accosts her before collapsing. Nick and coroner Dr. Phibes see the now-lifeless corpse has carved the number 3 on the floor with a scalpel. That evening, as the town begins its celebrations, local weatherman Dan is killed by the ghosts at the weather station. The fog has returned and starts moving inland, disrupting the town's telephone and power lines. Using a backup generator, Stevie begs her listeners to go to her house and save her son. The ghosts kill her son's babysitter but Nick and Elizabeth rescue Andy.Stevie advises her listeners to head to the town's church, but then finds herself trapped and under siege by the ghosts when the fog envelops her lighthouse. Seeking refuge inside the church, a group of townsfolk finds a large gold cross in the wall cavity, made from the rest of the stolen gold from the Elizabeth Dane, just as the fog begins enveloping the church and the ghosts begin their attack. Malone, knowing that the ghosts have returned to take 6 lives to match the 6 original conspirators, offers the gold and himself to spare the others. The ghost of Blake himself seizes the gold cross and he and his crew disappear in a blinding flash of light as the fog miraculously vanishes. Stevie, now alone again at the lighthouse, warns her listeners that the fog could come again and instructs any ships that can hear her to keep an eye out for it.After everyone leaves the church, Malone remains inside and wonders why he was spared given that there were five deaths. The fog then reappears along with the ghosts, and Blake decapitates Malone, making six.
636	Escape from New York (1981)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi, Thriller	In 1988, amidst war between the United States and an alliance of China and the Soviet Union, Manhattan has been converted into a maximum security prison to address a 400% increase in crime. In 1997, while flying President John Harker to a peace summit in Hartford, Air Force One is hijacked by a terrorist group. The President is handcuffed with a briefcase and put into an escape pod that drops into Manhattan as the aircraft crashes.Police, led by Commissioner Bob Hauk, are dispatched to rescue the President. Romero, a subordinate of the Duke of New York (a crime boss), warns Hauk that the President has been captured and will be killed if further rescue attempts are made. Meanwhile, former Special Forces soldier Snake Plissken is about to be imprisoned in Manhattan after being convicted of robbing the Federal Reserve. Snake accepts a deal from Hauk in which he will be pardoned in exchange for rescuing the President in time for the summit. To ensure his cooperation, Hauk has Snake injected with micro-explosives that will sever his carotid arteries in 22 hours. If Snake is successful, Hauk will neutralize the explosives.Snake uses a stealth glider to land atop the World Trade Center, then follows the President's tracking device to a vaudeville theater, only to find the tracker on the arm of a vagrant. Inspecting the escape pod, Snake is ambushed by starving "crazies" and his radio is destroyed. He is rescued by "Cabbie," a jovial character who drives a taxi.Cabbie takes Snake to Harold "Brain" Hellman, an adviser to the Duke and a former associate of Snake. An engineer, Brain has established a gasoline refinery fueling the city's remaining cars; he tells Snake that the Duke plans to lead a mass escape across the 69th Street Bridge, using the President as a human shield. Snake forces Brain and his girlfriend Maggie to lead him to the Duke's hideout at Grand Central Terminal. Snake finds the President but gets shot in the leg with a crossbow bolt and is overpowered by the Duke's men.While Snake is forced to fight Duke's champion Slag in a deathmatch, Brain and Maggie kill Romero and flee with the President. Snake kills Slag and finds the trio trying to escape in the glider. Inmates drop the glider off the roof, forcing the group to street level, where they are confronted by the Duke and his followers. Cabbie arrives and offers to take them across the bridge. He reveals that he bartered with Romero for a cassette tape that contains information about nuclear fusion, intended to be an international peace offering. The President demands the cassette, but Snake retains it.The Duke gives chase, setting off mines as he tries to catch up. Brain guides Snake, but they hit a mine and Cabbie is killed. As they continue on foot, Brain accidentally stumbles onto another mine. A distraught Maggie sacrifices herself to slow the Duke. Snake and the President reach the containment wall, and guards hoist the President up. The Duke opens fire, killing the guards before Snake subdues him. As Snake is being lifted by the rope, the Duke attempts to shoot him, but the President takes up a dead guard's rifle and kills the Duke. Snake is hoisted to safety, and Hauk's doctor neutralizes the explosives in his neck.As the President prepares for a televised speech to the leaders at the summit meeting, he thanks Snake for saving him but offers only half-hearted regret for the deaths of his colleagues; Snake walks away in disgust. Hauk offers Snake a job as his deputy, but he keeps walking. The President's speech commences, and he plays the cassette. To his embarrassment, it only plays Cabbie's favorite song, "Bandstand Boogie". As Snake walks away free, he pulls the real cassette from his pocket and destroys it.
637	Howling, The (1981)	Comedy, Horror	Karen White is a Los Angeles television news anchor who is being stalked by serial killer Eddie Quist. In cooperation with the police, she takes part in a scheme to capture Eddie by agreeing to meet him in a sleazy porn theater. Eddie forces Karen to watch a video of a young woman being gang raped, and when Karen turns around to see Eddie, she screams. The police enter and shoot Eddie, and although Karen is safe, she suffers amnesia. Her therapist, "Doc" George Waggner, recommends sending her and her husband, Bill Neill, to the "Colony," a secluded resort in the countryside where he sends patients for treatment.The Colony is filled with strange characters, and one, a sultry nymphomaniac named Marsha, tries to seduce Bill. When he resists her unsubtle sexual overtures, he is attacked and scratched on the arm by a werewolf while returning to his cabin. After Bill's attack, Karen summons her friend Terry Fisher to the Colony, and Terry connects the resort to Eddie through a sketch he left behind, having previously discovered that Eddie's body disappeared from the morgue. Karen begins to suspect that Bill is hiding a secret far more threatening than marital infidelity. Later that night, Bill meets Marsha at a campfire in the woods. While having sex in the moonlight, they undergo a frightening transformation into werewolves.While investigating the following day, Terry is attacked by a werewolf in a cabin, though she escapes after severing the monster's hand with an axe. She runs to Doc's office and calls her boyfriend, Chris Halloran, who has been alerted about the Colony's true nature. While on the phone with Chris, Terry looks for files on Eddie Quist. When she finally finds the file in the filing cabinet, she is attacked by Eddie in werewolf form and is killed when she is bitten on the jugular vein. Chris hears this on the other end and sets off for the Colony armed with silver bullets.Karen is confronted by the resurrected Eddie Quist once again, and Eddie transforms himself into a werewolf in front of her. In response, Karen splashes Eddie in the face with corrosive acid and flees. Later, as Chris arrives at the Colony, he is confronted by the disfigured Eddie, who is fatally shot by Chris with a silver bullet when he attempts to transform. However, it turns out all the people in the Colony are werewolves and can shapeshift at will, without the need of a full moon to do so. Karen and Chris survive their attacks and burn the Colony to the ground. As they drive away, however, one werewolf breaks into their car and bites Karen before being shot by Chris, turning back into Bill as he dies.Karen resolves to warn the entire world about the existence of werewolves and begins a special worldwide broadcast announcement to the people around the world. Then, to prove her story, she transforms into a werewolf. She is shot at by Chris in front of a live viewing audience, although the people watching the transformation from their television sets around the world are amused, believing it to be just a stunt done with special effects. Marsha, who escaped the Colony herself completely unscathed, sits at a bar with a man who, while watching the special broadcast announcement, orders a pepper steak for himself and a rare hamburger for Marsha after Karen's display cuts to a commercial break.
638	Return of Martin Guerre, The (Retour de Martin Guerre, Le) (1982)	Drama	The film relates the historical case of Martin Guerre, who leaves his young wife in a small French village to go fight in a war and to travel. Eight or nine years later, Martin (played by Depardieu) returns to resume his life. The man initially is acknowledged and welcomed by the wife, family, and friends because he knows the intimate details of his former life. As time passes, however, vagabonds identify Martin as Arnaud of the neighbouring village of Tilh, but the villagers dismiss these claims as lies. But when Martin makes a demand for money he's owed by his uncle, the uncle is outraged and attacks Martin. This leads to a trial on his identity, with his life at stake, since if he is not Martin, he and Martin's wife Bertrande are adulterers and their child a bastard. This trial constitutes most of the film. Martin argues well, and the villagers are divided on whether the man is in fact Martin, Bertrande siding with him. After several elevations of the proceedings up to a court in the Parlement, the judge, Jean de Coras, prepares to acquit Martin primarily on the strength of the testimony of Bertrande. At the last minute, another witness appears in court, bearing an even stronger resemblance to the young Martin and casting everything into doubt once more. The impostor confesses that he was a soldier with the real Martin, who said he was never going back to his village, upon which the impostor decided to take his place. Even Bertrande changes her mind and says the new witness is Martin. Arnaud is sentenced to death. Some time later, De Coras visits the village to tell Bertrande that she has been acquitted and is innocent of conspiracy with Arnaud. But he has deduced that she recognized the impostor from the very beginning and asks her why she claimed he was Martin. She says that he was a better husband and man, and they had a good life together. De Coras asks her then why she changed her mind at the last minute. She says she saw in Arnaud's eyes that the case had become hopeless and that he wanted her to feign ignorance so as to live for herself and her children. Arnaud is led to the gallows, repenting all the while. A voiceover closes the historical framework by mentioning that de Coras was executed some years later for his Protestant beliefs.
639	Tin Drum, The (Blechtrommel, Die) (1979)	Drama	The story revolves around the life of Oskar Matzerath, as narrated by himself when confined in a mental hospital during the years 1952–1954. Born in 1924 in the Free City of Danzig (now Gdańsk, Poland), with an adult's capacity for thought and perception, he decides never to grow up when he hears his father declare that he would become a grocer. Gifted with a piercing shriek that can shatter glass or be used as a weapon, Oskar declares himself to be one of those "clairaudient infants", whose "spiritual development is complete at birth and only needs to affirm itself". He retains the stature of a child while living through the beginning of World War II, several love affairs, and the world of postwar Europe. Through all this, a toy tin drum, the first of which he received as a present on his third birthday, followed by many replacement drums each time he wears one out from over-vigorous drumming, remains his treasured possession; he is willing to commit violence to retain it.Oskar considers himself to have two "presumptive fathers"—his mother's husband Alfred Matzerath, a member of the Nazi Party, and her cousin and lover Jan Bronski, a Danzig Pole who is executed for defending the Polish Post Office in Danzig during the German invasion of Poland. Oskar's mother having died, Alfred marries Maria, a woman who is secretly Oskar's first mistress. After marrying Alfred, Maria gives birth to Kurt, whom Oskar thereafter refers to as his son. But Oskar is disappointed to find that the baby persists in growing up, and will not join him in ceasing to grow at the age of three.During the war, Oskar joins a troupe of performing dwarfs who entertain the German troops at the front line. But when his second love, the diminutive Roswitha, is killed by Allied troops in the invasion of Normandy, Oskar returns to his family in Danzig where he becomes the leader of a criminal youth gang (akin to the Edelweiss Pirates). The Red Army soon captures Danzig, and Alfred is shot by invading troops after he goes into seizures while swallowing his party pin to avoid being revealed as a Nazi. (Oskar now bears some culpability for both of his presumptive fathers' deaths, since he had led Jan Bronski to the Polish Post Office in an effort to get his drum repaired and he had returned Alfred Matzerath's Nazi party pin while he was being interrogated by Soviet soldiers.)After the war Oskar, his widowed stepmother, and their son have to leave the now Polish city of Danzig and move to Düsseldorf, where he models in the nude and works engraving tombstones. Mounting tensions compel Oskar to live apart from Maria and Kurt; he decides on a flat owned by the Zeidlers. Upon moving in, he falls in love with Sister Dorothea, a neighbour, but he later fails to seduce her. During an encounter with fellow musician Klepp, Klepp asks Oskar how he has an authority over the judgement of music. Oskar, willing to prove himself once and for all, picks up his drum and sticks despite his vow to never play again after Alfred's death, and plays a measure on his drum. The ensuing events lead Klepp, Oskar, and Scholle, a guitarist, to form the Rhine River Three jazz band. They are discovered by Mr. Schmuh, who invites them to play at the Onion Cellar club. After a virtuoso performance, a record company talent seeker discovers Oskar the jazz drummer and offers a contract. Oskar soon achieves fame and riches. One day while walking through a field he finds a severed finger: the ring finger of Sister Dorothea, who has been murdered. He then meets and befriends Vittlar. Oskar allows himself to be falsely convicted of the murder and is confined to an insane asylum, where he writes his memoirs.
640	Cook the Thief His Wife & Her Lover, The (1989)	Drama	English gangster Albert Spica has taken over the high-class Le Hollandais restaurant managed by French chef Richard Boarst. Spica makes nightly appearances at the restaurant with his retinue of thugs. His oafish behaviour causes frequent confrontations with the staff and his own customers, whose patronage he loses but whose money he seems not to miss.Forced to accompany Spica is his reluctant yet elegant wife, Georgina, who soon catches the eye of a quiet regular at the restaurant: bookshop owner Michael. Under her husband's nose, with the help of the restaurant staff, Georgina carries on an affair with Michael. Ultimately, Spica learns of the affair, forcing Georgina to hide out at Michael's book depository. Boarst sends food to Georgina through his young employee Pup, a boy soprano who sings while working. Spica tortures the boy before finding the book depository's location written in a book the boy is carrying. Spica's men storm Michael's book depository while Georgina visits the boy in the hospital. They torture Michael to death by force-feeding him pages from his books. Georgina discovers his body when she returns.Overcome with rage and grief, she begs Boarst to cook Michael's body, and he eventually complies. Together with all the people that Spica wronged throughout the film, Georgina confronts her husband finally at the restaurant and forces him at gunpoint to eat a mouthful of Michael's cooked body. Spica obeys, gagging. Georgina then shoots him in the head, calling him a cannibal.
641	Paths of Glory (1957)	Drama, War	In 1916, during World War I in Northern France, French Major General Georges Broulard orders his subordinate, Brigadier General Paul Mireau, to take "the Anthill", a well-defended German position. Mireau refuses, citing the impossibility of success. When Broulard mentions a potential promotion, Mireau convinces himself the attack will succeed. In the trenches, Mireau throws a private out of the regiment for showing signs of shell shock. Mireau leaves the planning of the attack to Colonel Dax, despite Dax's protests.Before the attack, drunken Lieutenant Roget leads a night-time scouting mission, sending one of his two men ahead. Overcome by fear while waiting for the man's return, Roget lobs a grenade, accidentally killing the scout. Corporal Paris, the surviving scout, confronts Roget, who denies wrongdoing and falsifies his report to Colonel Dax.The daylight attack on the Anthill is a failure. Dax leads the first wave of soldiers into no man's land under heavy rifle and machine gun fire but none of them reach the German trenches and the follow up waves refuse to attack. Mireau orders his artillery to fire on them to force them onto the battlefield. The artillery commander refuses without written confirmation of the order.To deflect blame for the attack's failure, Mireau decides to court-martial a hundred soldiers for cowardice. Broulard orders Mireau to reduce the number and Mireau asks each company in the attacking wave to select one man. Roget picks Corporal Paris to keep him from testifying about the scouting mission. Private Ferol is deemed a "social undesirable" by his commander. Private Arnaud is chosen at random by lots, despite being decorated twice for heroism.Dax, a criminal defense lawyer in civilian life, volunteers to defend the men at their court-martial. The trial, however, is a farce. There is no formal written indictment, a court stenographer is not present, and the court refuses to admit evidence that would support acquittal. In his closing statement, Dax angrily denounces the proceedings. Dax later informs Broulard that Mireau had ordered their artillery to fire onto French soldiers. Sentence of death is confirmed and the condemned men are ordered shot by firing squad.Following the executions, Broulard tells Mireau that he will be investigated for shelling his own men. Mireau denounces this as a betrayal by his commanding officer.  Broulard offers Mireau's vacant command to Dax, assuming Dax's attempts to stop the executions were a ploy to gain Mireau's job. Discovering Dax was sincere, Broulard rebukes him for his idealism, and Dax in turn denounces Broulard's nihilism.After the execution, some of Dax's soldiers carouse loudly at an inn but grow more subdued as they listen to, then join in, with a captive German girl as she sings a sentimental German folk song, The Faithful Hussar. Dax leaves without informing the men that they had been ordered to return to the trenches.
642	Grifters, The (1990)	Crime, Drama, Film-Noir	Lilly Dillon is a veteran con artist. She works for Bobo Justus, a mob bookmaker, making large cash bets at race tracks to lower the odds of longshots. On her way to La Jolla for a race, she stops in Los Angeles to visit her son, Roy, a small-time hustler she has not seen in eight years. She finds him in pain and bleeding internally after one of his marks caught him pulling a petty scam and hit him in the stomach with a bat. When medical assistance arrives, Lilly threatens to have the doctor killed by Bobo if her son dies.At the hospital, Lilly meets and takes an instant dislike to Roy's girlfriend, Myra Langtry, who is slightly older than her son. Lilly urges her son to quit the grift after his con nearly got him killed. Because she leaves late for La Jolla, she misses a race where the winner pays 70 to 1. For this mistake, Bobo punches her in the stomach and insinuates he will beat her with oranges wrapped in a towel, causing permanent damage, but he burns her hand with a cigar instead.Myra, like Roy and Lilly, is also a con artist. She uses her sex appeal on a jeweler to get what she wants for a bracelet she is trying to pawn, and when her landlord demands payment of late rent, she lures him into bed in lieu of paying him the money.After leaving the hospital, Roy takes Myra to La Jolla for the weekend. On the train, she sees him conning a group of sailors in a rigged dice game. Myra reveals to Roy that she is also a grifter and is looking for a new partner for a long con. She describes her association with a con man and how they took advantage of wealthy marks in business cons. Roy, who insists on working only short-term cons, resists the proposition, fearing Myra may try to dupe him.Seeing Lilly's power over Roy, Myra accuses him of having an incestuous interest in his mother. Infuriated, Roy strikes her and breaks off their relationship. Thirsty for revenge, Myra finds out Lilly has been stealing from Bobo over the years and stashing the money in the trunk of her car. AfterMyra leaks this information to Bobo, Lilly is warned by a friend and flees. Myra follows her to a remote motel, intending to kill her and steal the money for herself.Later, Roy is called by the Phoenix police to identify his mother's body, found in a motel room with the face disfigured by a gunshot wound. Though he tells them it is Lilly, he notices the body lacks the cigar burn that he had noticed on her earlier. He returns home to find Lilly has broken in to steal his money. Lilly reveals she shot Myra in self-defense at the motel while Myra was trying to strangle her. She arranged the scene to appear as though Myra's body was her own and that she had committed suicide.When Roy refuses to let Lilly take his money, she desperately pleads with him, then attempts to seduce him, even claiming that he is not really her son. Roy is disgusted and rejects her. Lilly angrily swings a briefcase at Roy just as he is taking a drink of water, shattering the glass and sending shards into his neck, which cause him to bleed to death. Sobbing over her son's body, Lilly gathers up the money and disappears into the night.
643	The Innocent (1994)	Drama, Romance	Lieutenant Frank Barlow (Kelsey Grammer) investigates a robbery that resulted in homicide. The only witness to the crime is a nine-year-old autistic boy named Gregory White (Keegan MacIntosh). When the killers learn of Gregory's existence, they target him, and to protect the child, Barlow takes him to his rural cabin. While there, Barlow, whose own son died a year previously, bonds with Gregory.
644	Thin Blue Line, The (1988)	Documentary	The film presents a series of interviews about the investigation of the shooting of Dallas police officer Robert Wood and a re-enactment of the crime based on the testimony and recollections of Adams, Harris (the actual murderer), the judge presiding over the case (Donald J. Metcalfe), and several witnesses (including Emily Miller and R. L. Miller), as well as detectives (including Gus Rose, Jackie Johnson, and Marshall Touchton). Two attorneys (Edith James and Dennis White) who represented Adams at the trial where he was convicted also appear; they suggest that Adams was charged with the crime despite the evidence against Harris because Harris was a juvenile at the time, whereas Adams, as an adult, could be sentenced to death under Texas law. The prosecutor (Douglas D. Mulder) does not appear in the film. The film's title comes from prosecutor Doug Mulder's phrase during his closing argument that the police are the "thin blue line" separating society from "anarchy". This is a re-working of a line from Rudyard Kipling's poem "Tommy" in which he describes British soldiers (nicknamed "Tommy Atkins") as the "thin red line", from the color of their uniforms and their formation.
645	Paris Is Burning (1990)	Documentary	Paris Is Burning is a 1990 American documentary film directed by Jennie Livingston. Filmed in the mid-to-late 1980s, it chronicles the ball culture of New York City and the African-American, Latino, gay and transgender communities involved in it. Critics consider the film to be an invaluable documentary of the end of the “Golden Age” of New York City Ballroom scene, and a thoughtful exploration of race, class, gender and sexuality in America. In 2016, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being “culturally, historically or aesthetically significant”.
646	Once Upon a Time in the West (1969)	Western	A train arrives at the Old West town of "Flagstone" where a man with a harmonica (later dubbed "Harmonica") kills three men attempting to ambush him. Although Harmonica was expecting an outlaw named Frank, he concludes the men belonged to the outlaw Cheyenne's gang. It is unknown why Harmonica seeks Frank. Meanwhile, Frank and his gang murder Brett McBain and his three children as they prepare for a celebration at his ranch "Sweetwater." Shortly after, a former prostitute arrives at Sweetwater and reveals she is Jill McBain, who married McBain a month earlier in New Orleans. Frank leaves evidence at the murder scene implicating Cheyenne. Jill searches for a motive behind the murders. Railway tycoon Morton hired Frank to intimidate, not murder, McBain. McBain intended to profit by building a watering station on Sweetwater, knowing that the railroad from Flagstone would pass through his property. However, if the station was incomplete by the time the railroad reached Sweetwater, the property would revert to the railroad. McBain's murder puts Morton at odds with Frank, who desires the land for himself. Jill, as McBain's surviving widow, now owns Sweetwater.Harmonica encounters Cheyenne, now a fugitive, who denies his men tried to ambush him. Harmonica saves Jill from two of Frank's men and spies out the railway carriage where Morton (owing to his spinal tuberculosis) is confined on crutches. Harmonica discovers the connection between Frank and Morton but is captured. Frank is called away and Cheyenne rescues Harmonica. The two collaborate to help Jill save Sweetwater, using stockpiled materials to start building a station.After a threatening sexual encounter with Frank, Jill is forced to auction the land; however, Frank's henchmen intimidate bidders so Frank can buy it at a low price. Harmonica appears with Cheyenne in tow and bids $5,000, which is the bounty on Cheyenne as a wanted fugitive. Frank is unsuccessful in buying Harmonica out, and wonders why Harmonica is pursuing him. Morton bribes Frank's own men to kill him, but Harmonica intervenes to save Frank, due to having unfinished business with him.Cheyenne escapes custody and he and his gang engage Frank's remaining men in a gunfight on Morton's train. Except for Cheyenne, who heads to Sweetwater, everyone is killed, including Morton. When seeing the fight's aftermath, Frank rides to Sweetwater, where Harmonica is waiting. Cheyenne arrived earlier, but remains inside the ranch house with Jill. Outside, Harmonica and Frank engage in a showdown. Through a flashback, it is revealed that Frank had once shoved a harmonica into a boy's mouth while he supported his older brother on his shoulders as Frank was hanging him. When the boy collapses, the instrument flies from his mouth. Now Harmonica beats Frank to the draw and, as Frank lies dying, he pushes the harmonica into Frank's mouth.After Harmonica and Cheyenne leave Sweetwater together, Cheyenne collapses and dies from a gunshot wound he got during a fight with Morton. Harmonica puts Cheyenne's body on his horse and rides off as Jill serves water to railroad workers.
647	Ran (1985)	Drama, War	Hidetora Ichimonji, a powerful but elderly warlord, decides to divide his kingdom among his three sons: Taro, Jiro, and Saburo. Taro, the eldest, will receive the prestigious First Castle and become leader of the Ichimonji clan, while Jiro and Saburo will be given the Second and Third Castles. Hidetora is to retain the title of Great Lord and Jiro and Saburo are to support Taro. However, Saburo is exiled after criticizing his father's lecture about unity. Hidetora's retainer Tango is also exiled for defending Saburo.Following the division of Hidetora's lands between his remaining two sons, Taro's wife, Lady Kaede, still bitter about Hidetora killing her family and taking their land, successfully urges him to usurp control of the entire Ichimonji clan. When Taro demands Hidetora renounce his title, Hidetora leaves and travels to Jiro's castle, only to discover that Jiro is only interested in using Hidetora as a titular pawn. As Hidetora and his retinue wander, Tango warns Hidetora of Taro's new decree: death to whoever aids his father. Hidetora plans to take refuge in the Third Castle, which was abandoned by Saburo's forces (who followed him into exile) and taken over by Taro's general Ogura. Hidetora feels they can take Ogura easily, whereas Kyoami, the court fool, jokes about Hidetora's predicament, and is yelled at by Hidetora to stay behind if he is afraid. Kyoami and Tango stay outside while Hidetora and the rest of his retinue take refuge in the Third Castle, which they find unoccupied.Later, Hidetora and his retinue are attacked by Taro and Jiro's combined forces - Taro's men had "abandoned" the castle to lure Hidetora into a false sense of security and ambush him. Taro is killed by a bullet fired by Jiro's general, Kurogane. All of Hidetora's retinue are either killed or commit ritual suicide. Hidetora is allowed to survive and succumbs to madness as he wanders away from the destroyed castle. Kyoami and Tango, still loyal to Hidetora, find him and stay to assist. Hidetora is haunted by visions of the people he killed in the past. They take refuge in a peasant's home only to discover that the occupant is Tsurumaru, the brother of Lady Sue, Jiro's wife. Tsurumaru's eyes were gouged out by Hidetora's forces and he was left impoverished due to Hidetora's siege. With Taro dead, Jiro becomes the Great Lord of the Ichimonji clan, and moves into the First Castle. Lady Kaede manipulates Jiro into having an affair with her, and demands that he kill Lady Sue, and marry her instead. Jiro orders Kurogane to do the deed, but he refuses, seeing through Kaede's perfidy. Kurogane then warns Sue and Tsurumaru to flee. Tango encounters former spies and before killing them, he is informed that Jiro is considering sending assassins after Hidetora. Tango rides off to alert Saburo. As his madness grows, Hidetora runs off into a volcanic plain.After Saburo's army enters Jiro's territory to find Hidetora, Jiro hastily mobilizes his army. After a truce, Saburo learns from Kyoami of Hidetora's potential location. After Saburo leaves, Jiro attacks Saburo's smaller forces, suffering losses, and orders his remaining forces to retreat after learning of another army marching on the First Castle. Saburo finds Hidetora, who partially recovers his sanity, and reconciles with Saburo. However, Saburo is killed by one of Jiro's snipers. Hidetora dies from grief. Tsurumaru and Sue arrive at the ruins of a castle, but inadvertently leave behind the flute that Sue gave him when he was banished. She gives him a picture of Amida Buddha for protection while she attempts to retrieve the flute. However, she never returns.As the First Castle is besieged, Kurogane learns of Sue's death, and confronts Kaede. After she confesses her plot was revenge against the entire Ichimonji clan, she is killed by Kurogane. Jiro, Kurogane, and all Jiro's men subsequently die in battle. A funeral procession is held for Saburo and Hidetora. Meanwhile, left alone in the castle ruins, Tsurumaru trips, dropping the Amida Buddha image Sue had given to him.
648	Quiet Man, The (1952)	Comedy, Romance	In the 1920s, Sean "Trooper Thorn" Thornton, an Irish-born American retired boxer, travels from Pittsburgh to his birthplace of Inisfree to purchase the old family farm. Shortly after arriving, he meets and falls in love with fiery, red-headed Mary Kate Danaher, the sister of bullying Squire "Red" Will Danaher. Will also wants to buy the old Thornton property, and is angered when the property's current owner, the wealthy Widow Tillane, accepts Sean's bid instead of his. Will then retaliates by refusing consent for Sean to marry his sister.Some village residents, including parish priest Father Peter Lonergan and local matchmaker-cum-bookmaker Michaeleen Óge Flynn, trick Will Danaher into believing that Widow Tillane will marry him if Mary Kate is no longer under his roof. He gleefully allows the marriage, but he refuses to give Mary Kate her dowry when he finds he was deceived, and the Widow Tillane knows nothing about the deal. Sean, unschooled in Irish customs, professes no interest in obtaining the dowry; but to Mary Kate, the dowry represents her personal value to the community and her freedom. She insists that the dowry must be received to validate their marriage, causing an estrangement between her and Sean. The villagers eventually persuade Will to release Mary Kate's furniture (which she owns), but Will refuses to hand over the monetary part of the dowry (which is his contribution).Mary Kate believes Sean is a coward for not fighting Will. Sean goes to the local Church of Ireland minister and fellow former boxer, the Rev. Cyril Playfair, and reveals that he once accidentally killed a younger, married opponent in the ring. Sean had sworn to give up fighting out of fear and guilt over the manslaughter. Mary Kate also confesses (in Irish Gaelic) her part in the quarrel to Father Lonergan, who berates her for her selfishness. She and Sean partially reconcile that night, and they share the bedroom for the first time since their marriage.However, the next morning, Mary Kate quietly leaves their cottage and boards a train for Dublin, hoping this pretense of leaving will spur Sean to action. Sean soon learns from Michaeleen where she is, races his horse to the railway station, and pulls her off the train. Followed by a growing crowd of villagers, Sean forces Mary Kate to walk with him the five miles (8 km) back to the Danaher farm. There, Sean confronts Will and demands the dowry money. When Will refuses, Sean throws Mary Kate back at her brother, declaring he will abide by the Irish custom "no fortune, no marriage". The ultimatum shocks both Mary Kate and Will, who finally pays the £350 (over £17,000 in 2022). Sean immediately burns it in the boiler, abetted by Mary Kate. She proudly leaves for home, but a humiliated Will takes a swing at Sean, only to be knocked down by Sean's defensive counter-punch.A donnybrook ensues, then evolves into a long Homeric fistfight between Sean and Will after they insincerely agree to adhere to the Marquess of Queensberry rules. This much-anticipated match attracts more and more spectators as it continues for miles across the landscape. The fighters finally pause for a drink inside Cohan's Bar, where they begrudgingly admit a mutual respect for one another. As they argue over who will pay for the drinks, Will tosses a brew into Sean's face. Sean punches Will, sending him falling through the bar doors to lie unconscious in the street, ending the fight. Later, the reconciled and inebriated brothers-in-law stagger arm-in-arm back to Sean and Mary Kate's home for supper, much to Mary Kate's amusement and delight.The next day, a humbled Will and the Widow Tillane begin their own courtship, and they ride out of the village side by side in a jaunting car driven by Michaeleen. Sean, Mary Kate, and the villagers wave to them as they pass, before Sean and Mary Kate playfully chase each other across the fields back to the cottage.
649	Once Upon a Time in America (1984)	Crime, Drama, Thriller	In the 1930s, three thugs search for a man named "Noodles". Noodles is drugging himself in an opium den with a newspaper next to him featuring the death of bootleggers Patrick Goldberg, Philip Stein and Maximilian Bercovicz. He recalls the police removing their corpses, one burnt beyond recognition. Noodles evades capture and leaves the city.In 1918, David "Noodles" Aaronson leads a gang of his three friends—"Patsy" Goldberg, "Cockeye" Stein and Dominic—performing jobs for local gangster Bugsy. They meet Max as he foils one of their robberies but has the booty stolen from him by corrupt police officer Whitey. Max joins their gang, and they blackmail Whitey to get the same police protection as Bugsy.The gang becomes successful liquor smugglers. They deposit their earnings in a locker, giving the key to a trusted friend, Moe. Noodles is in love with Moe's sister Deborah, who dreams of becoming a dancer. Due to his socialization as a gangster, Deborah sees no future for their love. Bugsy, now a rival, ambushes the gang and fatally shoots Dominic. Noodles kills Bugsy and is sentenced to prison.When he is released a decade later, Noodles rejoins his gang. During a diamond heist, they use jewelry employee Carol as their informant. She goads Noodles into hitting her, after which he rapes her; she soon becomes Max's girlfriend. Noodles realizes that the heist was commissioned by a syndicate figure to eliminate competition. This leads to tensions between Max and Noodles, the latter seeking independence. The gang provides protection for Teamsters' union boss O'Donnell, during the course of which they exchange newborns at a clinic, punishing the head of police, whose wife has just given birth to a boy at that clinic. This results in the police withdrawing their actions against striking workers.Noodles takes Deborah on a lavish date. When she reveals her plans to pursue a career in Hollywood, he snaps and rapes her. As she departs the next day, he attempts to catch a glance of her sitting on the train, but she avoids eye contact.The repeal of Prohibition forces the gang to look for alternative activities. Max suggests a New York Federal Reserve Bank heist, which Noodles and Carol deem too risky. Carol convinces Noodles to inform the police about a lesser offense, hoping brief incarceration will cool off Max's ambition. After Noodles calls the police, Max knocks him out. On regaining consciousness, Noodles learns that Max, Patsy and Cockeye have been killed by the police during the heist, as established at the beginning of the film. A guilt-ridden Noodles hides in the opium den. During his subsequent escape, he realizes that the locker money has disappeared.In the 1960s, after receiving a letter indicating that his identity has been uncovered, Noodles returns to Manhattan for the first time since the 1930s, seeking to find who is responsible. He learns that the bodies of his three friends have been relocated to Riverdale. He visits their mausoleum in Riverdale and finds a key to a railway locker.The locker reveals a suitcase full of money, stated to be the advance on his next job. Noodles learns of the corruption scandals around Senator Christopher Bailey and visits Carol in a retirement home run by the Bailey Foundation. She tells him that Max manipulated them into tipping him off to the police and that Max opened fire first, wishing to die young.In a memorial photograph, Noodles spots Deborah, who has become a major actress, and he starts to suspect a connection between Deborah and Bailey. He tracks down Deborah and visits her, telling her about his invitation to a party at Bailey's mansion, and challenging her to tell him about the mysterious job, as well as the identity of Bailey. Deborah admits to being Bailey's lover and begs Noodles to leave the city before facing hurtful revelations. Ignoring her advice, Noodles leaves her after seeing Bailey's son, who resembles Max when he was younger.Noodles meets Bailey, who turns out to be Max. Noodles learns that Max faked his death, stole the gang's money, and reinvented himself as a self-made businessman. He also made Deborah his mistress, thus robbing Noodles of everything that he had. Faced with ruin due to the corruption scandal, Max reveals that he is behind the mysterious job, which is for Noodles to kill him. Noodles refuses. As Noodles leaves the estate, a garbage truck passes, and a man, presumably Max, walks toward Noodles until the truck passes between them. Noodles sees the truck's auger conveyor grinding garbage, but the man is nowhere to be seen.In the 1930s, Noodles comes back to the opium den. He smokes a pipe and smiles.
650	Seventh Seal, The (Sjunde inseglet, Det) (1957)	Drama	Disillusioned knight Antonius Block and his cynical squire Jöns return from the Crusades to find the country ravaged by the plague. The knight encounters Death, whom he challenges to a chess match, believing he can survive as long as the game continues.The knight and his squire pass a caravan of actors: Jof and his wife Mia, with their infant son Mikael and actor-manager Jonas Skat. Waking early, Jof has a vision of Mary leading the infant Jesus, which he relates to a smilingly disbelieving Mia.Block and Jöns visit a church where a fresco of the Danse Macabre is being painted. The squire chides the artist for colluding in the ideological fervor that led to the crusade. In the confessional, Block tells the priest he wants to perform "one meaningful deed" after what he now sees as a pointless life. Upon revealing to him the chess tactic that will save his life, the knight discovers that it is actually Death with whom he has been speaking. Leaving the church, Block speaks to a young woman condemned to be burned at the stake for consorting with the Devil. He believes she will tell him about life beyond death, only to find that she is insane.In a deserted village, Jöns saves a mute servant girl from being raped by Raval, a theologian who ten years earlier had persuaded the knight to join the Crusades and is now a thief. Jöns vows to destroy his face if they meet again. Jöns kisses the servant girl, who resists his advances. He then tells her to repay her debt by becoming his servant. She reluctantly agrees. The group goes into a town where the actors are performing. Skat is enticed away for a tryst by Lisa, wife of the blacksmith Plog. The stage show is interrupted by a procession of flagellants led by a preacher who harangues the townspeople.At the town's inn, Raval manipulates Plog and other customers into intimidating Jof. The bullying is broken up by Jöns, who slashes Raval's face. The knight and squire are joined by Jof's family and a repentant Plog. Block enjoys a picnic of milk and wild strawberries that Mia has gathered and promises to remember that evening for the rest of his life.He then invites Plog and the actors to shelter from the plague in his castle. When they encounter Skat and Lisa in the forest, she returns to Plog, while Skat fakes a remorseful suicide. As the group moves on, Skat climbs a tree to spend the night, but Death appears beneath and cuts down the tree.Meeting the condemned woman being led to execution, Block asks her to summon Satan so he can question him about God. The girl claims she has done so, but the knight only sees her terror and gives her herbs to take away her pain as she is placed on the pyre.They encounter Raval, stricken by the plague. Jöns stops the servant girl from uselessly bringing him water, and Raval dies alone. Jof then sees the knight playing chess with Death and decides to flee with his family, while Block knowingly keeps Death occupied.As Death states "No one escapes me", Block knocks the chess pieces over, but Death restores them to their places. On the next move, Death wins the game and announces that when they meet again, it will be the last time for all. Death then asks Block if he achieved the "meaningful deed" he wished to accomplish. The knight replies that he has.Block is reunited with his wife and the party shares a final supper, interrupted by Death's arrival. The other members of the party then introduce themselves, and the formerly mute servant girl greets him with "It is finished.".Jof and his family have sheltered in their caravan from a storm, which he interprets as the Angel of Death passing by. In the morning, Jof sees a vision of the knight and his companions being led away over the hillside in a Dance of Death.
651	Glory (1989)	Action, Drama, War	During the American Civil War, Captain Robert Shaw is injured at Antietam and returns home to Boston on medical leave. Shaw accepts promotion to Colonel commanding the 54th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, one of the first Black regiments in the Union Army. He asks his friend, Cabot Forbes, to serve as his second in command. Their first volunteer is a mutual friend, Thomas Searles, a bookish, free African-American. Other recruits include John Rawlins, Jupiter Sharts, Trip, and a mute boy drummer.After the Emancipation Proclamation, the men of the 54th are told the Confederacy will execute any black soldiers captured in Union uniform along with their white officers. Despite this threat, the 54th's recruits turn down an offer to be honorably discharged and undergo rigorous training under Sergeant-Major Mulcahy.Trip is arrested while AWOL. After having him flogged, Shaw learns Trip left camp to replace his worn out shoes. Shaw confronts the base's racist quartermaster, who is holding back their supplies. When the men realize the Federal government pays Black soldiers about three-quarters the salary of white soldiers, Trip encourages the men to refuse their pay. Shaw tears up his pay stub in solidarity. In recognition of his mentorship of the younger soldiers, and his advice to Shaw regarding the thoughts and morale of the men, Rawlins is promoted to Sergeant-Major.Once trained, the 54th comes under the command of General Charles Harker and is ordered by Colonel James Montgomery to sack and burn Darien, Georgia. Shaw initially refuses, but agrees under threat of being relieved. Tired of seeing his men used for manual labor and raids on civilians he advises Harker and Montgomery he will report their profiteering to the war department unless the 54th is given a combat assignment. The regiment goes into battle at James Island, South Carolina and repels a Confederate attack. Thomas is wounded in the action but saves Trip's life. Shaw offers Trip the honor of bearing the regimental flag in battle. He declines, not believing the war will result in a better life for slaves.General George Strong informs his regimental commanders of a major campaign to secure a foothold at Charleston Harbor, and describes the initial attack at Morris Island which requires a frontal assault on Fort Wagner, whose only landward approach is a strip of open beach. Shaw volunteers the 54th. The night before the battle, the Black soldiers conduct a religious service, give thanks and seek God's help. The next morning the 54th deploys for the assault to the cheers of Union troops who had scorned them earlier.The 54th suffers heavy losses in a daytime assault, and takes cover in the dunes until sundown. Attempting to rally his stalled men, Shaw is killed. Trip lifts the flag, and leads survivors toward the fort, brandishing the flag until he is mortally wounded. Forbes leads a party into the fort's outer defenses where Charlie Morse is killed, and Thomas is wounded. A small number of survivors, including Forbes, Rawlins, Thomas, and Jupiter, come face to face with a Confederate gun and the screen fades to black, implying their death by canister shot. After sun up the next day, Confederate soldiers remove the bodies of Union soldiers from the beach, raise the Confederate flag over the fort, and bury the corpses in a mass grave. Shaw's body slides into the excavation and comes to rest next to Trip's.An epilogue reveals that although Fort Wagner was never captured, the courage displayed by the 54th led to the Union Army accepting thousands of Black men for combat—a move that President Abraham Lincoln credited with helping to turn the tide of the war.
652	Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead (1990)	Comedy, Drama	The film, like the play, focuses on Rosencrantz and Guildenstern and their actions (or lack thereof) within the play of Hamlet. The film begins as they travel on horseback to Elsinore, contemplating fate, memory and language. Rosencrantz finds and continually flips a coin which always comes up heads, causing Guildenstern to conclude that something is wrong with reality.They meet a travelling troupe of tragedians on the way, and during their conversation with the lead Player, they are mysteriously transported into the action of Hamlet at Elsinore. They wander around the castle, trying to catch up to the action and understand what is going on by listening to other parts of the play. They are asked by the Danish royal couple to stay awhile in order to help find out the cause of, and hopefully the cure for, Prince Hamlet's gloomy state. They spend their time outside the scenes in Hamlet trying to figure out what is wrong with the prince and what is required of them.The remainder of the film follows the Shakespearean drama whenever the two characters are "on stage", while the title heroes remain largely occupied with the futile hazards of daily life whenever the "main action" is elsewhere. Soon the very same theatre troupe arrives to perform at court, as part of the Bard's tragedy.The Player simultaneously castigates them for abandoning their real play on the road, which cannot exist without an audience, and explains some of the plot and logic of conventional rules of plot-staging and -writing.Ultimately, they are sent to England and outside the action of the play again. The final part takes place on the ship to England, where they read the letter they are to deliver with Hamlet – discovering that it is an order for his death. They decide to pretend they never saw it. Hamlet replaces the letter, and (as described in Shakespeare's play) escapes on an attacking pirate ship.Rosencrantz and Guildenstern worry about what they are to do now that Hamlet is gone, unaware that Hamlet has altered the letter so that it calls for their deaths rather than his own. The Player finishes the action by reading the letter that sentences them to death. Guildenstern, still trying to struggle against destiny, stabs The Player with the other man's dagger, only to find that the weapon is a theatrical prop.Scenes of the deaths of Ophelia, Laertes, Gertrude, Claudius and Hamlet are shown, and both Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, finally accepting their fate, are hanged. The film ends with the tragedians packing up their cart and continuing on their way.
653	Touch of Evil (1958)	Crime, Film-Noir, Thriller	Along the U.S.–Mexico border, a time bomb placed inside a vehicle explodes, killing two people. Mexican special prosecutor Miguel Vargas, who is honeymooning in town with his new American wife Susie, takes an interest in the investigation, which is being conducted by veteran police captain Hank Quinlan and his devoted, admiring, fanatically loyal assistant, Pete Menzies. Quinlan is a recovering alcoholic and an anti-Mexican bigot. He injured his leg long ago, and now walks with a prosthetic "game" leg and a cane. He implicates Sanchez, a young Mexican man secretly married to the victim's daughter. During the interrogation at Sanchez's apartment, Menzies finds two sticks of dynamite in a shoe-box in the bathroom.  Vargas, who had accidentally knocked over the shoe-box a few minutes earlier and found it empty, accuses Quinlan of planting the dynamite, and begins to suspect that many of his previous convictions were similarly tainted. Quinlan angrily dismisses Vargas's allegation."Uncle" Joe Grandi, the acting leader of a crime family Vargas has been investigating, makes common cause with Quinlan against Vargas, and plies Quinlan with liquor, causing him to break his sobriety. Grandi orders his family to capture and inject Susie with heroin; while she is unconscious, he and Quinlan lock her in a hotel room. Quinlan then murders Grandi and leaves the body there with Susie; however, drunk and exhausted, he carelessly also leaves his cane in the room with them. When Susie wakes up and sees the body, she screams for help, and gets arrested on suspicion of the murder, which infuriates Vargas. Searching the room, Menzies finds Quinlan's cane, and realizes that Quinlan is the real killer.Vargas, reviewing Quinlan's past successes, confirms his suspicion that Quinlan has planted evidence in many of the cases. He confronts Menzies, who sadly agrees to work with him to expose Quinlan, by wearing a wire and getting a confession.Quinlan hears an echo from Vargas' recording device, and realizes that Menzies is betraying him. He shoots and mortally wounds Menzies. He then aims his gun at Vargas, but the dying Menzies shoots Quinlan before he can fire. Susie is exonerated and reunited with Vargas. As Quinlan dies, it is revealed that Sanchez has confessed to the original bombing.
654	Chinatown (1974)	Film-Noir, Mystery, Thriller	In 1930s Los Angeles, a woman identifying herself as Evelyn Mulwray hires private investigator J. J. "Jake" Gittes to trail her husband, Hollis, the chief engineer at the Department of Water and Power. Gittes photographs Hollis in the company of a young woman and the pictures make their way into the Post-Record, exposing their apparent affair. Gittes is then confronted by the real Evelyn Mulwray, who threatens to sue him. He concludes that the imposter was using him to discredit Hollis.Gittes crosses paths with his former colleague, LAPD Lieutenant Lou Escobar, when Hollis's corpse is found in a reservoir. Investigating further, he discovers that huge quantities of water are being released from the reservoir each night, despite the fact that the city is in the midst of a drought. Water Department Security Chief Claude Mulvihill warns him off, and he has his nose slashed by one of Mulvihill's henchmen.Now working for Evelyn, Gittes investigates Hollis's death. He learns that Hollis was once the business partner of Evelyn's wealthy father, Noah Cross. Cross offers to double Gittes's fee if he finds Hollis's supposed mistress, who has disappeared. Gittes receives a call from Ida Sessions, the woman who posed as Evelyn. She refuses to say who hired her, but urges Gittes to check the Post-Record's obituary section.Public records reveal that much of the Northwest Valley has recently changed ownership. Gittes recognizes one of the buyers' names from the obituary section; the obituary indicates that he had been dead for a week when the deal was closed. Gittes and Evelyn bluff their way into the retirement home where the buyer had lived and discover that many of the other residents are "buyers" too, although they have no knowledge of this fact. A suspicious staff member calls Mulvihill, but Gittes and Evelyn escape him and his thugs and hide at her mansion, where they sleep together. Later that night, Gittes follows Evelyn to a house where he sees her comforting the missing girl. When confronted, Evelyn claims the girl is her sister, Katherine.A call from Escobar summons Gittes to Ida's apartment; she has been murdered. Escobar reveals that Hollis had saltwater in his lungs, indicating that he did not drown in the reservoir. He suspects Evelyn murdered him and tells Gittes to produce her quickly. At the Mulwray residence, Gittes retrieves a pair of glasses from the saltwater garden pond.Gittes confronts Evelyn about Katherine, whom she now claims is her daughter. Frustrated, he repeatedly slaps Evelyn until she breaks down and reveals that Katherine is both her sister and daughter; the girl's father is Cross, who incestuously abused Evelyn when she was 15. She tells Gittes that the glasses he found did not belong to Hollis.Gittes arranges for the women to flee to Mexico and instructs Evelyn to meet him at her butler's home in Chinatown. He summons Cross to the Mulwray estate, having deduced that Cross dropped his glasses when he drowned Hollis in the pond. Cross reveals that he is behind both the water shortage and the land grab in the Northwest Valley. Once the land is his, he will obtain a contract from the city to build a reservoir there. He discredited and killed Hollis when the latter came close to uncovering the plan.At gunpoint, Cross and Mulvihill force Gittes to take them to Chinatown, where the police are waiting. Escobar detains Gittes as Cross attempts to claim Katherine. Evelyn shoots Cross in the arm and tries to escape with Katherine, but the police open fire, killing her. Cross takes a distraught Katherine away, and Escobar orders Gittes released. As the traumatised Gittes is led away by his associates, one tells him, "Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown."
655	Stand by Me (1986)	Adventure, Comedy, Drama	In 1985 in Castle Rock, Oregon, writer Gordie Lachance reads a newspaper article about a fatal stabbing involving his childhood best friend, Chris Chambers. He recalls an incident from when he was 12 years old when he, Chris, and two other friends, Teddy Duchamp and Vern Tessio, went searching for the body of a missing boy named Ray Brower during Labor Day weekend in 1959. Four months before the following events, Gordie's caring older brother, Denny, died in a car accident, which led to Gordie's relationship with his parents becoming strained.Vern overhears his older brother, Billy, talking with his friend, Charlie Hogan, about finding the body. Billy does not want to inform the cops because it could draw attention to a car theft he and Charlie committed. When Vern tells his friends about the body, the four boys decide to look for it. After Chris steals his father's pistol, a Colt M1911-A1, he and Gordie run into town bully John "Ace" Merrill and Chris' older brother, Richard "Eyeball". Ace threatens Chris with a lit cigarette and steals Gordie's Yankees cap, which was a gift from Denny.The boys begin their journey. After stopping at a junkyard for water, they are caught trespassing by owner Milo Pressman and his dog, Chopper. Milo calls Teddy's mentally ill veteran father a "loony" and refers to how he almost burned Teddy's ear off. An enraged Teddy tries to attack Milo, but the other boys restrain him. The four continue their hike, and Chris encourages Gordie to fulfill his potential as a writer despite his father's disapproval. Later, Gordie and Vern are nearly hit by a passing train while crossing a train bridge, but manage to outrun it. In the evening, Gordie tells a story he created about David "Lard-Ass" Hogan, an obese boy who is constantly bullied. Seeking payback, he downs a bottle of castor oil and eats a raw egg before entering a pie-eating contest and throws up deliberately, inducing mass vomiting among the audience there.Later that night, Chris complains to Gordie that he hates being associated with his family's reputation. He admits to stealing school milk money but says he confessed to a teacher, yet was still suspended as the teacher kept quiet and pocketed the money. Devastated by the teacher's betrayal, Chris breaks down and cries.The next day, the boys wade across a swamp, discovering it filled with leeches. Gordie faints after finding one in his underwear. After more hiking, the boys locate the body. The discovery traumatizes Gordie, who asks Chris why Denny had to die and cries about his father hating him. Chris comforts Gordie and asserts that his father simply does not know him.Ace and his gang arrive to claim the body and threaten to hurt the boys if they stay. When Chris refuses to back down, Ace draws a switchblade. Gordie uses the gun to fire a warning shot, and comes to Chris' defense. Ace demands the weapon, but Gordie refuses while insulting and threatening him. Ace vows revenge and leaves with his gang. The boys decide that exploiting Brower's death would be wrong and instead report it anonymously. They arrive home the next morning and part ways.Back in the present day, Gordie is finishing a memoir of the experience. He notes that Vern and Teddy separated from him and Chris in junior high. Vern married after high school, had four children, and became a forklift operator. Teddy tried getting into the Army but his damaged ear and poor eyesight disqualified him. He ended up serving jail time and working odd jobs. Chris took college prep courses with Gordie and, despite struggling, later became a lawyer, with the two eventually drifting apart. Recently, while attempting to break up a fight in a restaurant, he was stabbed to death in the throat. Gordie writes that despite not having seen Chris in over a decade, he will miss him forever. He ends his narration with the following words: "I never had any friends later on like the ones I had when I was twelve. Jesus, does anyone?"
656	M (1931)	Crime, Film-Noir, Thriller	In Berlin, a group of children are playing an elimination game in the courtyard of an apartment building using a macabre chant about a child-killer. Frau Beckmann sets the table for lunch, waiting for her daughter Elsie to come home from school. A wanted poster warns of a serial killer preying on children, as anxious parents wait outside a school.Elsie leaves school, bouncing a ball on her way home. She is approached by Hans Beckert, who is whistling "In the Hall of the Mountain King" by Edvard Grieg. He offers to buy her a balloon from a blind street vendor, and walks and talks with her. Elsie's place at the table remains empty, her ball rolls away through a patch of grass, and her balloon gets briefly caught in the telephone lines overhead before blowing away in the wind.In the wake of Elsie's disappearance, anxiety runs high among the public. Beckert sends an anonymous letter to the newspapers taking credit for the child murders and promising that he will commit others. The police extract clues from the letter using the new techniques of fingerprinting and handwriting analysis. Under mounting pressure from the government, the police work around the clock. Inspector Karl Lohmann, head of the homicide squad, instructs his men to intensify their search and to check the records of recently released psychiatric patients, focusing on any with a history of violence against children.They stage frequent raids in seedier parts of the city to question known criminals, disrupting organized crime so badly that Der Schränker ("The Safecracker") summons the bosses of Berlin's Ringvereine to a conference to address the situation. They decide to organize their own manhunt, assigning beggars to watch the children. The police search Beckert's rented room, find evidence there connecting him to both the letter and a past crime scene, and lie in wait to arrest him.Beckert sees a young girl in the reflection of a shop window and begins to follow her, but stops when the girl meets her mother. He encounters another girl and befriends her, but the blind balloon vendor recognizes his whistling. The vendor alerts one of his friends, who follows Beckert and sees him inside a shop with the girl. As the two exit onto the street, the man chalks the letter "M" (for Mörder, "murderer") onto his palm, pretends to trip, and bumps into Beckert, marking the back of his overcoat with the letter.  The girl notices the chalk and offers to clean it for him, but before she finishes, Beckert realizes he is being watched and flees without her.Attempting to evade the beggars, Beckert hides inside a large office building just before the workers leave for the evening. The beggars call Der Schränker, who arrives at the building with a team of other criminals. They capture and torture one of the watchmen for information and, after capturing the other two, search the building and catch Beckert in the attic. When one of the watchmen trips the silent alarm, the criminals narrowly escape with their prisoner before the police arrive. Franz, one of the criminals, is left behind in the confusion and captured by the police. By falsely claiming that one of the watchmen was killed during the break-in, Lohmann tricks Franz into admitting that the gang's only motive was to find Beckert and revealing their plans for him.The criminals take Beckert to an abandoned distillery to face a kangaroo court. He finds a large, silent crowd awaiting him. Beckert is given a "lawyer" who gamely argues in his defense but fails to win any sympathy from the improvised jury. Beckert delivers an impassioned monologue, saying that he cannot control his homicidal urges, while the other criminals present break the law by choice. He questions why they believe they have any right to judge him:What right have you to speak? Criminals! Perhaps you are even proud of yourselves! Proud of being able to crack into safes, or climb into buildings or cheat at cards. All of which, it seems to me, you could just as easily give up, if you had learned something useful, or if you had jobs, or if you were not such lazy pigs. I can not help myself! I have no control over this evil thing that is inside me—the fire, the voices, the torment!Beckert pleads to be handed over to the police. His "lawyer" points out that Der Schränker, presiding over the proceedings, is wanted on three counts of manslaughter, and that it is unjust to execute an insane man. Just as the mob is about to kill Beckert, the police arrive to arrest both him and the criminals.As a panel of judges prepares to deliver their verdict at Beckert's trial, the mothers of three of his victims weep in the gallery. Frau Beckmann says that "no sentence will bring the dead children back" and "one has to keep closer watch over the children". The screen fades to black as she adds, "All of you".
657	Manchurian Candidate, The (1962)	Film-Noir, Thriller	Soviet and Chinese soldiers capture a U.S. Army platoon during the Korean War, taking them to communist China. Three days later, Sergeant Raymond Shaw and Captain Bennett "Ben" Marco return to UN lines. Upon Marco's recommendation, Shaw is awarded the Medal of Honor for saving his soldiers' lives in combat, though two men were killed. Shaw returns to the U.S., where his mother, Eleanor Iselin, exploits his heroism to further the political career of her husband, Senator John Iselin. When asked to describe Shaw, two soldiers in his unit uniformly respond that he is the kindest, bravest, warmest, most wonderful human being they have ever known. In fact, Shaw is a strict, cold, unsympathetic loner hated by his men.After Marco is promoted to major and assigned to Army Intelligence, he has a recurring nightmare: a hypnotized Shaw blithely murders two soldiers from his platoon before an assembly of communist military leaders to demonstrate their revolutionary brainwashing technique. During captivity, Shaw was programmed as a sleeper agent, who obeys orders to kill and immediately forgets having done so. His heroism is a false memory implanted during the brainwashing. Agents trigger Shaw by suggesting he play solitaire; the queen of diamonds activates him. Meanwhile, Eleanor is masterminding John's political ascent with his baseless claims that communists work at the Defense Department. To spite his mother and stepfather, Shaw takes a job at a newspaper published by Holborn Gaines, Iselin's harshest critic. Communist agents later have Shaw murder Gaines to confirm that his brainwashing still works.Chunjin, a North Korean agent who posed as a guide for Shaw's platoon, arrives at Shaw's apartment asking for work. The unsuspecting Shaw hires him as a valet and cook. Marco recognizes Chunjin when he visits Shaw; he violently attacks him and demands to know what happened during the platoon's captivity. After Marco is arrested for assault, Eugenie "Rosie" Cheyney, an attractive young woman he met on the train, posts his bail. Marco learns that Allen Melvin, a fellow soldier, has the same nightmare. When Melvin and Marco separately identify identical photos of the two male communist leaders from their dreams, Army Intelligence agrees to investigate.Shaw rekindles a romance with Jocelyn Jordan, the daughter of liberal Senator Thomas Jordan, the Iselins' chief political foe. Eleanor wants to garner Senator Jordan's support for Iselin's vice-presidential bid. Unswayed, Jordan insists he will oppose the nomination. After Jocelyn inadvertently triggers Shaw's programming by wearing a Queen of Diamonds costume at the Iselins' party, they elope. Furious at Senator Jordan's rebuff, Eleanor—who is Shaw's American "operator" (handler)—sends him to kill Senator Jordan at his home. Shaw also kills Jocelyn when she inadvertently happens upon the murder scene. Having no memory of the killing, Shaw is grief-stricken upon learning they are dead.After discovering the queen of diamonds card's role in Shaw's conditioning, Marco uses a forcing deck to deprogram him, hoping to learn Shaw's next assignment. Eleanor primes Shaw to assassinate their party's presidential nominee during the convention so that Iselin, as the vice-presidential candidate, will become the nominee by default. In the uproar, he will seek emergency powers to establish a strict authoritarian regime. Eleanor tells Shaw that she had requested a programmed assassin, never knowing it would be her own son. When taking power, she vows revenge upon her superiors for choosing him.Disguised as a priest, Shaw enters Madison Square Garden, taking a sniper's position in a vacant overhead spotlight booth. Marco and his supervisor, Colonel Milt, race to the convention to stop Shaw. At the last moment, Shaw aims away from the presidential nominee and instead kills Senator Iselin and Eleanor. When Marco bursts into the booth, Shaw, wearing the Medal of Honor, says he was the only one who could stop his mother and stepfather, then kills himself. Later that evening with Rosie, Marco mourns Shaw's death.
658	Pump Up the Volume (1990)	Drama	High school student Mark Hunter lives in a sleepy suburb of Phoenix, Arizona, and broadcasts an FM pirate radio station from his parents' basement which functions as his sole outlet for his teenage angst and aggression. The station's theme song is "Everybody Knows" by Leonard Cohen and there are glimpses of cassettes by alternative musicians such as The Jesus and Mary Chain, Camper Van Beethoven, Primal Scream, Soundgarden, Ice-T, Bad Brains, Concrete Blonde, Henry Rollins, and Pixies. By day, Mark is a loner who has difficulty socializing. By night, under the nom de plume Happy Harry Hard-on or simply "Hard Harry", he expounds outsider views about problems with American society, expresses teen angst, and exposes the underhanded actions of the faculty. His audience grows from a handful of loyal listeners to the entire student body.Depressed teenager Malcolm Kaiser writes to Harry seeking advice about committing suicide. Harry flippantly expresses disbelief that Malcolm is sincere, saying "Maybe you'll feel better tomorrow." The next day it is discovered that Malcolm committed suicide.Fellow student Nora De Niro deduces that Mark is Hard Harry, and attempts to assuage the guilt he feels over Malcolm. The radio show becomes increasingly popular after Harry apologizes to Malcolm for not telling him not to follow through, and exhorts his listeners to confront their problems instead of surrendering to them through suicide. At the climax of his speech, overachieving student and consistent listener Paige Woodward jams her medals and accolades into a microwave, causing an explosion which injures her face.Unrest at the school increases as students share bootleg tapes re-playing Harry's show. A meeting of faculty and parents concludes that the pirate DJ is responsible for the problems at the school. The police investigate, first cutting off Mark's access to his P.O. Box, and then cutting off the wireless phone that Mark had surreptitiously hooked up at a neighboring house. The FCC begins an investigation.Mark decides to make a final broadcast. He installs his radio station in his mother's Jeep, creating a mobile transmitter so the FCC will have difficulty triangulating the radio signal. Nora drives while Mark broadcasts pursued by the police and the FCC.Harry's broadcast is heard by the entire school who have gathered at the athletics field. Mark's father, school board commissioner Brian Hunter, confronts Principal Loretta Cresswood demanding to know why she systematically expelled students with low test scores. Cresswood insists they were losers and troublemakers and that she did it for the good of the school. Brian immediately suspends Cresswood.The harmonizer Mark uses to disguise his voice breaks, and Mark decides to broadcast his final message as himself. The Jeep drives up to the crowd of students, and Mark tells them that the world belongs to them and that they should make their own future. He encourages them to "steal the air" and begin their own shows to put their thoughts and feelings out into the world. The police arrest Mark and Nora. As they are taken away, students shout their appreciation of "Harry". Mark turns to the students and tells them to "Talk hard!" As the film ends, the voices of students, and even one of the teachers, are heard introducing their own pirate radio shows.
659	Arsenic and Old Lace (1944)	Comedy, Mystery, Thriller	The Brewster family of Brooklyn is descended from Mayflower settlers who "scalped the Indians" instead of the other way around, according to Mortimer Brewster. On Halloween day, Mortimer, a theater critic and author who has repeatedly denounced marriage as "an old-fashioned superstition", marries Elaine Harper, his neighbor and a minister's daughter. Before leaving for their Niagara Falls honeymoon, Elaine goes to her father's house to share the news of her marriage, while Mortimer informs his aunts, Abby and Martha, who raised him in the old family home. Mortimer's delusional younger brother, Teddy, who believes he is Theodore Roosevelt, resides with them. Frequently, while running upstairs, Teddy blows a bugle and yells "Charge!", imitating Roosevelt's 1898 charge up San Juan Hill.Searching for the notes for his next book, Mortimer finds a corpse hidden in the window seat. He assumes in horror that Teddy's delusions have led him to murder. Abby and Martha cheerfully confess to killing Mr. Hoskins, explaining that they minister to lonely old bachelors by ending their "suffering". They post a "Room for Rent" sign to attract a suitable subject for their "charity", then serve a glass of elderberry wine spiked with arsenic, strychnine, and cyanide. Including Mr. Hoskins, the aunts have murdered twelve men; the bodies are buried in the cellar by Teddy, who believes they are yellow fever victims at the Panama Canal. Teddy moves Mr. Hoskins from the window seat down to the cellar.To protect his aunts in case the bodies are discovered, Mortimer frantically leaves to file paperwork to have Teddy legally committed to the Happy Dale mental asylum. In Mortimer's absence, his older brother, Jonathan, arrives with his alcoholic accomplice, plastic surgeon Dr. Herman Einstein. Altered by Einstein while drunk, Jonathan's face resembles Boris Karloff's Frankenstein appearance. Jonathan is a serial killer with a body count of twelve, fleeing from the police, and intending to dispose of his latest murder victim, Mr. Spenalzo. Shortly after Jonathan and Einstein hide Spenalzo's body in the window seat, Mortimer returns; discovering the corpse, he demands that the pair leave. However, the two criminals reveal they have found Mr. Hoskins' body in the cellar. Mortimer rushes out to obtain a second signature for Teddy's commitment papers. Learning his aunts' secret and mocked by Einstein for their equivalent victim tally, Jonathan determines to increase his body count by killing Mortimer. Meanwhile, Mortimer visits Elaine, expressing his reservations about their marriage due to his family's insanity.When Mortimer returns, Einstein offers him a chance to leave, distracting him while Jonathan takes Spenalzo to the cellar. Mortimer decries the stupidity of characters in plays who are aware that they are in a house with killers but fail to realize the danger. Sneaking up from behind, Jonathan ties up and gags Mortimer. While Jonathan and Einstein argue about killing Mortimer, Officer O'Hara arrives in response to complaints from neighbors regarding Teddy's bugle blasts. After Einstein claims that Mortimer is enacting a scene from a play, O'Hara excitedly recites the plot of the play he is writing. Jonathan prepares to kill O'Hara but is knocked out by Einstein.O'Hara's partners arrive looking for the overdue O'Hara; mistaking an imminent arrest, Jonathan discloses the thirteen bodies buried in the cellar. Lieutenant Rooney arrives looking for the errant officers; recognizing Jonathan from "Wanted" posters as an escapee from an Indiana mental asylum, he arrests Jonathan, discounting his claim. When Mr. Witherspoon comes to take Teddy to Happy Dale, Abby and Martha insist on joining him. Einstein flees after signing the aunts' commitment papers.After Mortimer signs the papers as next of kin, the aunts inform him that he is not actually a Brewster; his mother was the family cook and his father was a chef on a steamship. Ecstatic, Mortimer rushes to find Elaine, who is horrified after discovering the corpses in the cellar. Before Elaine can exclaim about the bodies in the presence of others, Mortimer silences her by kissing her and whisking her off on their honeymoon.
660	Fried Green Tomatoes (1991)	Drama	Evelyn Couch is a timid housewife in her 40s in 1980s Birmingham, Alabama. Her husband Ed has an aunt with dementia living at an Alabama nursing home. While waiting for Ed in the waiting room Evelyn meets the elderly Ninny Threadgoode. Over several encounters, Ninny tells Evelyn about the long-abandoned town of Whistle Stop and its residents.Ninny's tale begins with tomboy Idgie, the youngest member of the Threadgoode family. She and Ruth Jamison are devastated when Idgie's beloved older brother and Ruth's boyfriend, Buddy, is killed by a train. Idgie remains socially withdrawn well into her adolescence. At the Threadgoode family's request, the straitlaced Ruth intervenes.Idgie initially rebuffs Ruth's attempt at friendship, but over the summer they gradually develop a deep attachment. Ruth eventually moves to Valdosta, Georgia, to marry Frank Bennett. When Idgie visits, she discovers that Frank habitually abuses the pregnant Ruth.Against Frank's violent attempts to stop her, Idgie, together with her brother Julian and Big George, rescue Ruth who returns to Whistle Stop with them, where her baby, Buddy Jr., is born. Papa Threadgoode gives Idgie money to start a business and help care for Ruth and Buddy Jr. She and Ruth open the Whistle Stop Cafe, employing the family cook, Sipsey, and her son, Big George, whose excellent barbecue becomes widely popular.Frank comes to Whistle Stop to kidnap his infant son, but an unseen assailant thwarts his attempt, and he is soon reported missing. About five years later, Frank's truck surfaces in a nearby river. Idgie becomes a suspect, having publicly threatened Frank for beating Ruth. Sheriff Grady Kilgore detains both her and Big George. He offers to release Idgie and pin Frank's supposed murder solely on Big George, but she refuses.During the subsequent trial, Reverend Scroggins provides false testimony that supports both Idgie's and Big George's alibis. Taking into account Frank's reputation for drunkenness and his body never being found, the judge rules his probable death as accidental and drops all charges against Idgie and Big George.Shortly after the trial, Ruth is diagnosed with terminal cancer and soon dies. When trains stop running through Whistle Stop, the café closes, and the townsfolk drift away. Ninny's story concludes, but not before Frank's fate is revealed. When Frank attempted to kidnap Buddy Jr., Sipsey hit him over the head with a cast-iron skillet, killing him. Frank's truck was pushed into the river, and Idgie convinced Big George to butcher and barbecue Frank's body, which they later served to Sheriff Curtis Smoot, who relentlessly investigated Frank's disappearance for years. Smoot proclaimed the meal as the best barbecue he ever ate.Evelyn discovers Ninny was discharged from the nursing home. During her stay there, Ninny's house was condemned and demolished unbeknownst to her. Evelyn finds Ninny where the house once stood. She invites her to live with her and Ed, to which Ninny agrees.They pass by Ruth's grave which is freshly adorned with a jar containing honey and a honeycomb. A card reads, "I'll always love you, the Bee Charmer". The Bee Charmer was Ruth's nickname for Idgie, revealing that she is still alive. As they leave, Ninny recollects how, after Ruth died, the cafe closed and all the townspeople eventually left.
661	High Noon (1952)	Western	In Hadleyville, a small town in New Mexico Territory, Marshal Will Kane, newly married to Amy Fowler, prepares to retire. The happy couple will soon depart to raise a family and run a store in another town. However, word arrives that Frank Miller, a vicious outlaw whom Kane sent to prison, has been released and will arrive by the noon train, one day ahead of the new marshal. Miller's gang—his younger brother Ben, Jack Colby, and Jim Pierce—wait at the station.For Amy, a devout Quaker and pacifist, the solution is simple—leave town before Miller arrives—but Kane's sense of duty and honor make him stay. Besides, he says, Miller and his gang would hunt him down anyway. Amy gives Kane an ultimatum: she is leaving on the noon train, with or without him.Kane visits old friends and allies, but none can or will help. Judge Percy Mettrick, who sentenced Miller, flees and urges Kane to do the same. Harvey Pell, Kane's young deputy, is bitter that Kane did not recommend him as his successor; he says he will stand with Kane only if Kane "puts the word in" for him with the city fathers. When Kane refuses, Pell turns in his badge and pistol. Kane's efforts to round up a posse at Ramírez's Saloon and the church are met with fear and hostility. Some townspeople, worried that a gunfight would damage the town's reputation, urge Kane to avoid the confrontation. Some are Miller's friends, but others resent that Kane cleaned up the town in the first place. Others believe that Kane's fight is not the town's responsibility. Sam Fuller hides in his house, forcing his wife Mildred to tell Kane he is not home. Jimmy offers to help, but he is blind in one eye, sweating, and unsteady. The pastor of the local church, his service interrupted by Kane seeking help from the parishioners, is of no aid. Neither are some apparently willing volunteers, after the mayor encourages Kane to leave town. Martin Howe, Kane's predecessor, is too old and arthritic. Herb Baker agrees to be deputized, but backs out when he realizes he is the only volunteer. One last offer of help comes from 14-year-old Johnny. Kane admires his courage, but refuses his aid.While waiting at the hotel for the train, Amy confronts Helen Ramírez, who was once Miller's lover, then Kane's, then Pell's. Amy believes the reason Kane refuses to leave town is because he wants to protect Helen, but Helen reveals there is no lingering attachment on Kane's part and she, too, is leaving. When Helen questions why Amy will not stay with Kane, Amy explains that both her brother and father were gunned down by criminals, a tragedy that converted her to Quakerism. Helen nonetheless chides Amy for not standing by her husband in his hour of need, saying that if she were in Amy's place, she would take up a gun and fight alongside Kane.Pell saddles a horse and tries to persuade Kane to take it. They end up in a fist fight. After knocking Pell senseless, Kane returns to his office to write out his will. As the clock ticks toward noon, Kane goes into the street to face Miller and his gang. Amy and Helen ride by on a wagon, bound for the train. The train arrives, and Miller steps off as the two ladies board.Kane walks down the deserted main street alone. He manages to kill Frank Miller's brother, Ben, in the opening salvo. Just before the train departs, Amy hears the gunfire and runs back to town. Kane takes refuge in a stable, and Colby is killed when he comes in after him. Miller sets fire to the stable to flush him out. Kane frees the horses and tries to escape on one, only to be shot off and cornered. Despite her religious beliefs, Amy picks up Pell's pistol and shoots Pierce from behind, leaving only Frank Miller, who grabs Amy as a human shield to force Kane into the open. When Amy claws Miller's face, he pushes her to the ground and Kane shoots him dead.The couple embrace. As the townspeople emerge, Kane smiles at Johnny, but looks angrily at the rest of the crowd. He drops his marshal's star to the street and departs with Amy.
662	Somewhere in Time (1980)	Drama, Romance	In 1972, college theater student Richard Collier celebrates the debut of his new play. An elderly woman approaches him, places an ornate gold pocket watch in his hand, and pleads, "Come back to me."Eight years later, Richard is a successful playwright living in Chicago. While struggling with writer's block after breaking up with his girlfriend, he takes a road trip. Passing the Grand Hotel, he has the impulse to stay there. In the hotel's Hall of History, he becomes enthralled with a vintage photograph of Elise McKenna, an early-20th-century stage actress. Research at the library shows that she is the woman who gave him the pocket watch. Richard visits Laura Roberts, Elise's former housekeeper and companion. She reveals that Elise died the night she gave Richard the watch. Among Elise's personal effects is a book on time travel written by his old college professor, Dr. Gerard Finney, and a miniature Grand Hotel music box she commissioned that plays the 18th variation of Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini by Rachmaninoff, his favorite musical piece.Having fallen in love with Elise, Richard becomes obsessed with traveling back to 1912 and meeting her. He visits Finney, who believes that he briefly time-traveled through the power of self-suggestion. Richard outfits himself with a vintage suit and 1912 currency. He fills a coin pocket in the suit with pocket change before realizing that modern coinage would break the spell, then empties the pocket. He attempts to will himself to 1912 using tape-recorded suggestions. The attempt fails, but he realizes he will succeed after finding a 1912 hotel register containing his signature.He makes another attempt, hiding the tape recorder after realizing it was a reminder of the present. When he awakens in 1912, he finds Elise walking by the lake. Upon meeting him, she asks, "Is it you?” Her manager, William Fawcett Robinson, intervenes and sends Richard away. Although Elise is initially uninterested, Richard pursues her until she agrees to accompany him on a stroll the following afternoon. He asks what Elise meant by "Is it you?" Elise reveals that Robinson had predicted that she would meet a man who will change her life and that she should be afraid. On a rowboat, Richard hums Rachmaninoff's Rhapsody, which intrigues Elise as she had never heard it before, its premiere still decades later. Richard shows her the pocket watch she will give him in 60 years.Richard attends Elise's play, where she recites an impromptu romantic monologue while making eye contact with him. In the interval, Elise poses for a photograph and, once more, makes eye contact with Richard, breaking into a radiant smile. This is the photograph Richard saw hanging at the hotel. During the play, Richard receives a message from Robinson requesting an urgent meeting. Robinson wants him to leave Elise so she can fulfill his prediction of stardom on the stage. When Richard declares his intention to stand by Elise for the rest of her life, Robinson has him beaten and bound inside the stables. Robinson tells Elise that Richard has left. Richard wakes the next morning and frees himself. The acting company has left for Denver, but Elise has stayed behind to find him. They go to her room, express their love, and make love. Elise checks the time of day on his pocket watch. They agree to marry, and Elise promises to buy Richard a new suit, as his was fashionable before 1900. Emptying pockets, Richard discovers he had missed a penny with a 1979 mint date. This modern item breaks the hypnotic suggestion, pulling Richard into the present.He awakens in 1980, physically weakened by the time travel. His attempts to return to 1912 are unsuccessful. He despondently wanders the hotel grounds and finally stops eating. The hotel manager finds him catatonic in his hotel room, but he dies before he can be taken to a hospital. Richard is reunited with Elise in the afterlife.
663	Being There (1979)	Comedy	Middle-aged, simple-minded Chance lives in a wealthy old man's townhouse in Washington, D.C., along with the man's African-American maid Louise, who is kind to Chance. He has spent his whole life tending the garden and never left the property. Other than gardening, his knowledge is derived entirely from television. When the old man dies, his estate lawyers order Chance out.He wanders aimlessly, discovering the outside world for the first time. An African-American youth points a knife at him; Chance ineffectually tries to click him out of existence with a TV remote control. Passing by a TV shop, Chance sees himself captured by a video camera in the shop window. Entranced, he steps backward off the sidewalk and is struck by a limousine chauffeuring Eve Rand, the glamorous and much younger wife of elderly business mogul Ben Rand. When she asks him his name she mishears "Chance, the gardener" as "Chauncey Gardiner".Eve brings Chance to their palatial estate to be seen by Dr. Allenby, who is resident there caring for Ben, who is slowly dying from a blood disease. After checking Chauncey out, the doctor invites him to stay to keep an eye on him.Chauncey's manners are old-fashioned and courtly, and he wears expensively-tailored but outmoded 1930s clothes he took from his former employer's attic. When Ben meets him he takes "Chauncey" for an upper-class, highly educated businessman fallen on hard times. Ben admires him, finding him direct, wise and insightful.Ben is also a confidant and advisor to the President of the United States, whom he introduces to Chauncey. In a discussion about the economy, Chance takes his cue from the words "stimulate growth" and talks about the changing seasons of the garden. The President misinterprets this as optimistic political advice and quotes "Chauncey Gardiner" in a speech.Chance now rises to national prominence, attends important events, develops a close connection with the Soviet ambassador, and appears on a talk show during which his detailed advice about what a serious gardener should do is misunderstood as his opinion on presidential policy. Louise tells other African Americans as they watch Chance on TV that he has "rice pudding between the ears" and that whiteness is all that is needed to succeed in America. The President is shown as sexually impotent with his wife when watching the show.Though Chance has now risen to the pinnacle of Washington society, the Secret Service and 16 foreign agencies are unable to find any background information on him. Meanwhile, Allenby becomes increasingly suspicious that Chance is not a wise political expert and that his mysterious identity may have a more mundane explanation. Allenby considers telling Ben, but remains silent when he realizes how happy Chance is making him in his final days.The dying Ben encourages Eve to become close to "Chauncey". She is already attracted to him and makes a sexual advance. Chance has no interest in or knowledge of sex, but mimics a kissing scene from the 1968 film The Thomas Crown Affair, which happens to be on TV. When the scene ends, Chance stops suddenly and Eve is confused. She asks what he likes, meaning sexually; he replies "I like to watch," meaning television. She is momentarily taken aback, but masturbates for his voyeuristic pleasure, not noticing he has turned back to the TV and is imitating Lilias, Yoga and You on another channel.Chance is present at Ben's death and shows genuine sadness. Questioned by Allenby, he admits that he "loves Eve very much" and also that he is just a gardener. When he leaves to inform Eve of Ben's death, Allenby says to himself, "I understand."While the President delivers a speech at Ben's funeral, the pallbearers hold a whispered discussion over potential replacements for the President in the next presidential term, and unanimously agree on "Chauncey" as successor. Oblivious, Chance wanders off through Ben's wintry estate. He straightens out a pine sapling flattened by a fallen branch, then walks across the surface of a lake without sinking. He pauses, dips his umbrella deep into the water to the right of his path, then continues on, while the President is heard quoting Ben: "Life is a state of mind."
664	Paris, Texas (1984)	Drama	Travis Henderson is wandering through the West Texas desert holding an empty gallon water jug. He wanders into a convenience store, opens a freezer, starts eating ice, and faints. A doctor examines Travis and believes that he is mute. The doctor goes through Travis's wallet and finds a card with a phone number on it. He calls the number and reaches Walt Henderson, Travis's brother.Walt travels from Los Angeles to Terlingua, Texas, to pick up Travis, whom he had presumed dead after not hearing from him for four years. Walt's wife, Anne, is worried since she and Walt have adopted Travis's son, Hunter, as Hunter's biological mother, Jane, had been out of his life for years. Walt finds Travis wandering miles down the road from the clinic.The brothers begin their trip back to Los Angeles. Walt grows increasingly frustrated with Travis's muteness and confronts him about his disappearance and abandonment of Hunter. At the mention of Hunter, Travis begins to cry but still does not speak. The next day, Travis finally begins to speak and produces a photo of a plot of land, explaining that he purchased a property in Paris, Texas.The brothers arrive in Los Angeles, where Walt and Anne live in the Verdugo Hills overlooking the Burbank Airport. There Travis reunites with Hunter, who has little recollection of him and is initially timid around him. Walt shows Hunter old home videos of them and Jane, and, after persistence by Travis, Hunter grows comfortable around his father. Anne tells Travis in confidence that Jane wires monthly payments from a particular Houston bank into an account set up for Hunter. Anne pays particular attention to Travis, often seeking his attention around the house. Travis becomes determined to find Jane and tells Hunter that he must leave the next night. Hunter tells Travis that he wants to accompany him, though they do not have Walt's or Anne's permission.Travis and Hunter leave for Houston, and grow closer. They arrive at the bank on the day of the expected deposit and watch for Jane. Hunter spots her making a drive-in deposit, and they follow her car to a peep show club where she works. Travis goes inside while Hunter waits in the car. The peep show is designed so that customers sit on one side of a one-way mirror with a telephone intercom to the performer. When Jane enters the room, Travis becomes angry and berates her, then apologizes and leaves.The next day, Travis leaves Hunter in a hotel room and goes to Jane's workplace. In Jane's room, he turns his chair so it faces away from her. On the phone, he tells her a vague story about a man and a younger woman who met, quickly fell in love with each other, got married, and had a child. Jane is initially confused but soon realizes that it is Travis. He tells her that after the child was born, the wife became irritable and enraged, and yearned for an escape. She would have dreams about running naked down a highway, but just as she was about to finally leave, he would appear and stop her. The now-alcoholic husband, fearing his wife's departure, tied a cowbell to her foot so he would be able to hear if she left in the night. On one night, the wife—having stuffed socks in the cowbell to muffle the sound—successfully snuck out, but the husband caught her and dragged her back home. He tied her to a stove with his belt and went to bed. When he woke up, the house was on fire, and the wife and child were gone.Jane turns the light off on her side and finally sees Travis. She expresses pain and regret over missing Hunter's childhood. Travis tells Jane that Hunter is waiting for her in a hotel room and gives her the room number. Jane and Hunter reunite while Travis watches from the parking lot. Travis drives away, crying.
665	Alien 3 (1992)	Action, Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller	Shortly after escaping the planet LV-426, an egg that managed to get aboard the Colonial Marine spaceship Sulaco hatches, releasing a facehugger. A fire starts and the ship's computer launches an escape pod containing Ellen Ripley, Newt, Hicks, and the damaged android Bishop; all four are in cryonic stasis. The pod crash-lands on Fiorina "Fury" 161, a foundry and maximum-security correctional facility inhabited by male inmates with a genetic predisposition for antisocial behavior. The inmates recover the crashed pod and its passengers. The facehugger approaches inmate Thomas Murphy's dog, Spike.Ripley is awakened by Clemens, the prison's chief medical officer, who informs her that she is the sole survivor. The prison warden, Harold Andrews, says that her presence may have disruptive effects. Ripley insists that Clemens perform an autopsy on Newt and that her and Hicks's bodies be subsequently burned, fearing that Newt may be carrying an Alien embryo. Despite protests from the warden and his assistant Aaron, the autopsy is conducted and no embryo is found. The funeral proceeds with spiritual leader Dillon eulogizing the deceased as their bodies are dropped into the furnace. Elsewhere in the prison, a quadrupedal alien bursts from Spike.Ripley finds the damaged Bishop in the prison's garbage dump before being cornered by four inmates and almost gang-raped. After being saved by Dillon, Ripley returns to the infirmary and re-activates Bishop, who, before asking to be permanently shut down, confirms that a Facehugger came with them to Fiorina, under knowledge of the Weyland-Yutani Corporation. Growing to full size, the alien kills Murphy, Boggs, and Rains. The shock returns outcast prisoner Golic to his previously psychopathic state. Ripley informs Andrews of her previous Xenomorph encounters and suggests everyone work together to hunt down and kill it. However, the facility is without weapons; their only hope is the rescue ship being sent for Ripley by Weyland-Yutani.The Alien ambushes Ripley and Clemens in the prison infirmary, killing him, and cornering her. However, it mysteriously spares her and retreats. Ripley rushes to the cafeteria to warn the others. Andrews orders Aaron to take her back to the infirmary, but the warden himself is dragged into the vents and killed by the Alien. Ripley rallies the inmates and proposes they pour flammable toxic waste into the ventilation system and ignite it to flush out the Alien. However, its intervention causes a premature explosion and several inmates die. With Aaron's help, Ripley scans herself using the escape pod's medical equipment and sees the embryo of an Alien Queen growing inside her. Upon this discovery, she realizes that Weyland-Yutani plans on capturing the alien incubating inside of her in hopes of turning it into biological weapons.The Alien will not kill her because of the embryo she is carrying, so Ripley begs Dillon to do it; he agrees only if she helps the inmates kill the Alien first. They form a plan to lure the Alien into the foundry's molding facility, trap it, and drown it in molten lead. The bait-and-chase plan results in the deaths of every remaining prisoner but Dillon and Morse. Dillon sacrifices himself to position the Alien towards the mold as Morse pours the molten lead onto them. Although the Alien is covered in molten metal, it escapes the mold. Ripley activates the fire sprinklers, blowing the Alien apart from thermal shock.The Weyland–Yutani team arrives, including commandos and a man who looks identical to Bishop who says he is Bishop's creator. He tries to persuade Ripley to undergo surgery to remove the Alien Queen embryo, claiming it will be destroyed. Ripley refuses and steps back onto a mobile platform, which Morse positions over the furnace. The Weyland–Yutani team shoots Morse in the leg to stop him; Aaron strikes the Bishop look-alike with a wrench and is shot dead by the commandos. Ignoring pleas to give them the embryo, Ripley throws herself into the furnace, holding captive the infant queen as it erupts from her. The facilities are closed down. Morse, the sole survivor, is led away as Ripley's final logbook recording from the Nostromo plays.
666	Blood For Dracula (Andy Warhol's Dracula) (1974)	Horror	In the early 1920s, a sickly and dying Count Dracula, who must drink virgin blood to survive, travels from Transylvania to pre-Fascist Italy, following his servant Anton's plan and thinking he will be more likely to find a virgin in a Catholic country. At the same time, all of Dracula's family has vanished because of the lack of virgins in their hometown, and because that family's reputation discourages others, particularly women, from going near Dracula's castle. Shortly after arriving in Italy, Dracula befriends Il Marchese di Fiore (de Sica), an impecunious Italian landowner who, with a lavish estate falling into decline, is willing to marry off one of his four daughters to the wealthy aristocrat.Of di Fiore's four daughters, Saphiria and Rubinia regularly enjoy the sexual services of Mario, the estate's handyman, a proud peasant and staunch Marxist who believes that the socialist revolution will happen soon in his country. Esmeralda and Perla, the eldest and youngest of the four, respectively are virgins. Esmeralda is seen as too plain and past her prime for marriage, and Perla is only 14 years old (though she is portrayed by 23-year-old Dionisio). Dracula obtains assurances that all the daughters are virgins and drinks the blood of the two who are considered marriageable. However, their "tainted" blood reveals to him the truth and makes him even weaker. Nevertheless, he is able to telepathically turn the two girls into his slaves.Soon after the Marchese di Fiore travels out of Italy to pay his great debts, Mario discovers that Dracula is a vampire and what he has done to the di Fiore sisters. When he realizes the danger Dracula poses to Perla, the youngest, he uses the excuse of protecting her to rape her. Mario then warns di Fiore's wife, La Marchesa di Fiore, about Dracula's plan. Meanwhile, Dracula has drunk the blood of Esmeralda, turning her into a vampire and regaining his strength. La Marchesa confronts Anton, and after he stabs her, she fatally shoots him before succumbing herself to her wound. Mario kills Dracula and Esmeralda, becoming the de facto master and manager of the estate.
667	Audrey Rose (1977)	Horror	Bill and Janice Templeton live a privileged life in Manhattan's Upper West Side with their 11-year-old daughter, Ivy. They begin to notice a stranger following them in public places and grow alarmed when the man follows Janice and Ivy home one afternoon. The man reaches out to the couple by phone, revealing himself as Elliot Hoover, a widower who lost his wife and daughter, Audrey Rose, in a car accident in Pittsburgh. The couple agree to have dinner with Elliot, during which he explains that he believes Ivy is a reincarnation of Audrey, and that psychics confirmed his suspicions; he learned from them intimate knowledge of the couple's apartment and that Ivy was born only minutes after Audrey died.Bill believes Elliot is extorting the family. He invites Elliot to their apartment, and arranges for his attorney friend, Russ, to listen covertly from upstairs. When Elliot speaks Audrey's name, Ivy enters a state of panic, which is only calmed by Elliot's presence. In this state, she bangs her hands against the cold window, and it leaves inexplicable burns. Elliot comforts her, after which she recognizes him as "Daddy" and falls asleep. Elliot insists that Ivy's burns are evidence of her reincarnation, as Audrey burned to death in the car accident. Bill grows enraged by Elliot and forces him out, punching him, but Janice and even Russ are sympathetic to the strange man's plea.One night while Bill is working late, Ivy experiences another night terror, in which she thrashes around violently. Janice is surprised by Elliot's appearance at her door and allows him in to help calm Ivy. During Ivy's next episode, Elliot again arrives, and Bill attacks him. After a struggle, Elliot locks the couple out of their apartment and disappears with Ivy through a service exit. An attendant informs them that Elliot rented an apartment in the building. Police discover him and Ivy in the apartment and charge him with child abduction.A trial ensues, during which Janice and Bill have Ivy sent to a Catholic boarding school in upstate New York to shield her from the public. Elliot attempts to persuade the jury that his actions were necessary to grant peace to Audrey's spirit. The trial becomes an international news story, with a Hindu holy man testifying about their religious belief in reincarnation. On the stand, Janice admits that she believes Elliot. The judge grants a recess in the trial, and Janice and Bill are informed that Ivy has injured herself at her school by crawling toward a fire pit during a Christmas celebration.After Ivy is treated for burns, Janice remains in upstate New York in a hotel. In the middle of the night, Janice finds Ivy repeatedly greeting herself as Audrey Rose in the mirror. In a motion to complete Elliot's trial, Bill and Janice's attorney requests that Ivy be hypnotized as a means of proving she is not a reincarnation of Audrey. The hypnotist employs a past life regression hypnosis, which is observed in a hospital by the jury. Ivy revisits the traumatic car crash that took Audrey's life and reacts violently. She loses consciousness, and Elliot scrambles in to attempt to calm her but she dies in his arms.Sometime later, Janice writes a letter to Elliot, thanking him for transporting Ivy's cremated remains to India, and expressing her hope that Bill will come to accept her and Elliot's belief that Ivy was a reincarnation of Audrey. A closing intertitle quotes the Bhagavad-Gita: There is no end. For the soul there is never birth nor death. Nor, having once been, does it ever cease to be. It is unborn, eternal, ever-existing, undying and primeval...
668	Blood Beach (1981)	Action, Horror	In the opening scene, a woman named Ruth is walking her dog on Los Angeles, California's Venice Beach, and is suddenly pulled under the sand of the deserted beach by an unseen force. The woman's screams for help are heard by Harry Caulder, a harbor patrol officer who is swimming nearby. Harry reports Ruth's disappearance to two LAPD detectives, Royko and Piantadosi, who claim that without a body, there is little they can do. The next day, Ruth's estranged daughter, Catherine, arrives from San Francisco after Harry calls her regarding her mother's disappearance.Meanwhile, the mysterious and crazed Mrs. Selden, who resides in an abandoned section of the Santa Monica Pier, witnesses the attack and disappearance (and others throughout the film), but does not come forward.That night, while staying in Ruth's house, Catherine hears Ruth's dog barking on the beach near the location where Ruth disappeared. Catherine investigates and finds the dog beheaded, near a small sinkhole. Royko and Piantadosi, as well as Harry, are called to the scene, but police pathologist Dr. Dimitrious cannot accurately determine a cause of death for the dog. Royko and Piantadosi believe it to be the work of a serial killer, due to reports of other disappearances over the past few months.The next morning, a teenage girl is buried in the sand at the beach and begins screaming. Her friends pull her out of the sand, only to see that her legs have been injured from an attack by an unseen creature. The police, led by Captain Pearson, begin an investigation by digging up various sections of the beach at night, but find nothing. The next morning, people visit the beach, which the local media have dubbed "Blood Beach".The following night, Harry's co-worker Hoagy is closing up the harbor patrol office for the night when his girlfriend ventures under the pier to investigate a noise and is assaulted by a man. After being knocked to the ground by the girl, the would-be-rapist is attacked by the unseen creature, which castrates him.An evening or two later, Marie, a French airline stewardess who is living with Harry, chases after her hat when it is blown by wind onto the beach. She, too, is grabbed by the unseen creature and pulled under the sand. The next morning, Harry sees Marie's hat on the beach, along with a small sinkhole which he recognizes as similar to the hole at the scene of Ruth's disappearance and the death of the dog. Harry calls the police, who dig up the area around the sinkhole and find Marie's disembodied eyeball.Searching for the unknown creature's home, Harry ventures to an abandoned section of the pier and finds an access tunnel leading to an underground storage facility. After finding nothing, he leaves the tunnel, not noticing a movement in a collapsed section of the wall. Harry and Catherine go out to a nightclub, where they try to rekindle their romance. Meanwhile, a man with a metal detector is walking under the pier looking for metal objects when he is attacked and pulled under the sand by the still-unseen creature. The man's wife, Mrs. Hench, reports him missing. The next day, Royko and Piantadosi find Mr. Hench emerging from a sewer manhole in a Venice street after escaping from the creature's lair, but he is in a state of shock after being horribly mangled and cannot explain what happened to him.Hoagy is the next victim, after he visits the pier to try to persuade Mrs. Selden to leave the area. He, too, is pulled under the sand by the underground creature while she watches stoically.Having been told by Harry about the access tunnel, Catherine visits the storage facility under the pier to look around just as Harry brings Piantadosi with him to investigate. They find all 16 of the creature's partially-eaten victims, including Ruth's severed head, parts of Marie's body and Hoagy's fresh corpse. Captain Pearson arrives with the police, who remove all of the bodies. Pearson orders the officers to use a backhoe and equipment to track the monster down. Increased attention from the local news media lead the police to attempt to kill the creature as quickly as possible and Pearson orders the installation of motion detectors, heat-sensing cameras and explosives.That evening, the huge creature emerges from the sand and is caught on camera; it resembles a worm-like Venus flytrap. Without hesitation, Royko activates the detonator and the creature is blown to pieces. Dr. Dimitrios points out that they still do not know anything about the monster's origins or abilities. Since it resembled a giant worm, and some worms have the capability to regenerate, Dimitrios wonders what will happen to "each piece".The next morning, Harry leaves with Catherine to drive her home to San Francisco while the beach reopens to the public, now that the subterranean creature is dead. In the final scene over the end credits, as the beach becomes crowded again, new small sinkholes begin to appear unnoticed by most all over the sand, implying that Dr. Dimitrios was correct in his theory that the creature has the ability to regenerate from severed pieces.
669	Body Parts (1991)	Horror	Bill Chrushank is a psychologist working with convicted killers at a prison. While driving to work, Bill gets in a horrific car accident and loses an arm. At the hospital, Dr. Agatha Webb convinces Bill's wife to sign off on an experimental transplant surgery.Bill awakens from the surgery and begins to adjust to his new arm. After he is released from the hospital, he resumes his work and things seem to be back to normal. However, Bill starts seeing visions of horrible acts of murder (as if he is committing them) and occasionally loses control of his new arm. At the prison, a convict tells Bill that the tattoo on his new arm is only given to inmates on death row. Bill has a police friend scan his new fingerprints and is shocked to discover the arm came from executed convicted serial killer Charley Fletcher, who had murdered 20 people.Bill confronts Dr. Webb and finds the identities of two other patients: Mark Draper and Remo Lacey who received the killer's legs and other arm, respectively. Bill visits Remo, who was a struggling artist before the transplant but now is making a small fortune selling paintings he made with his new arm. Noting Remo's paintings depict the same visions he had, Bill tells him that he is painting what the killer saw. Remo, however, only cares about his newfound success and dismisses Bill's warnings. Bill meets Mark and tries to warn him but Mark is just happy to be able to walk again and advises Bill to be grateful and move on.Bill becomes increasingly agitated and violent. He demands that Dr. Webb remove his arm but she refuses, stating that the problems he is experiencing are insignificant compared to her experiment's success. Bill meets up with Remo and Mark at a bar. A drunk man recognizes Bill from news about the surgery, and demands to see his arm. Bill snaps and a bar fight breaks out where Bill single-handedly takes out several men and almost kills one before being stopped.As Mark returns home, his legs suddenly stop functioning. Scared, Mark calls Bill, who hears Mark yell and struggle with someone. Bill goes to Mark's apartment and finds him dead, with both legs missing. Bill calls the police and implores the lead detective to check on Remo. However, they are too late as Charley — who is still alive, having his head transplanted onto a new body — rips Remo's arm off and throws him out a window.As Bill and the detective stop at a traffic light, Charley pulls up in a car beside them and handcuffs his wrist to Bill's. Charley speeds away, and the detective desperately tries to keep up, lest Bill's arm gets ripped off. Bill uses the detective's gun to destroy the handcuff just before they hit a divider that splits the road in two. As the detective leaves the car and opens fire on Charley, Bill drives away to pursue the killer. Charley brings his old limbs back to Dr. Webb.Armed with a gun from the detective's car, Bill enters the hospital and finds Charley's torso and limbs in a glass case, wiggling as if having a mind of their own. Dr. Webb appears and says she is ready to take the arm back, and Charley knocks Bill unconscious. Bill wakes up strapped to an operating table. As Dr. Webb approaches him with a circular saw, he breaks his restraints, knocks her out and wrestles with Charley for his shotgun. Right before Charley can pull the trigger, Bill is able to snap his neck. He destroys the glass case and shoots at Charley's body parts. Charley, still alive, aims at Bill with the detective's gun, but accidentally kills Dr. Webb. Bill shoots Charley in the head, killing him for good.Bill sits with his wife in a park. In his journal, he notes that he hasn't had any other problems with the arm after Charley's death, and he is still thankful to both Dr. Webb and Charley for the new arm.
670	Body Snatchers (1993)	Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller	Steve Malone, an agent from the Environmental Protection Agency, is sent to a military base in Alabama to test possible effects on the surrounding ecological system caused by military actions. With him are Marti, his teenage daughter from his first marriage; Carol, his second wife; and Andy, Marti's half-brother. On their way to the base, they stop at a gas station. In the restroom, Marti is threatened by an MP with a knife. When he notices her fear, he lets go of her, satisfied that she shows an emotional response. Before she leaves the room, he warns her, "They get you when you sleep."Steve and his family move into their new home on the base, and Marti makes friends with the base commander's daughter Jenn. On his first day in day care, Andy runs away because he is recognized as an outsider among the other somehow conformist children. He is picked up and brought home by helicopter pilot Tim. Marti and Tim quickly feel attracted to each other. Meanwhile, while examining soil samples, Steve is approached by medical officer Major Collins, who asks him about psychological effects, particularly narcophobia (the fear of sleep), and their possible relation to toxication of the environment. Steve believes that a physiological reaction would be more likely.In the evening, Marti and Jenn go to the bar attended by the station's military personnel, where they meet not only Tim but also the MP who threatened Marti at the gas station. With no emotion, he denies that they ever met before and suggests Tim take her home. That night, a group of soldiers can be seen picking giant pods from the river running by the base. When Andy wakes up and enters his mother's room, Carol's body crumbles to dust, while a naked soulless double emerges from the closet. Nobody believes Andy's story that his real mother is dead and the person pretending to be Carol is only an impostor.The following day, Steve witnesses an accident while he and some military members are in hazmat suits and sees an injury on a soldier that makes no sense. When a soldier reports the accident to General Pratt he responds with no emotion. Steve takes a sample from the injured soldier's suit and speaks to a friend over the phone about examining the specimen. That night, Marti is nearly "taken over" by a duplicate emerging from the giant pods when she fell asleep during a bath but she wakes and rips the tendrils from her face. While Carol is massaging Steve's back, he also falls asleep and is almost replaced by another duplicate, when Marti rushes in and stops the process. Carol attempts to convince Steve that the takeover is a good thing, claiming that it ends confusion and anger. She also claims that there is no place to go, as the events at the base are not an isolated incident. Steve is almost shocked and saddened into compliance, but Marti and Andy drag him out the door. Carol emits a shrill and mechanical scream that alerts other "pod people" to the presence of a human being. Now the majority in numbers, they swarm over the base chasing the remaining humans, including Tim, who is attacked by his friends but is able to escape.After hiding Marti and Andy in a warehouse, Steve enters Major Collins' office. The hysterical Major tries to call for help, but the line is blocked. While swallowing sleep-prevention pills Collins announces that it is too late to run; all they can do is fight. Their conversation is interrupted by the arrival of a group of pod people, led by base commander General Platt. While Steve hides, the pod people try to convince the Major that the individual is not important, and that only conformity can solve the world's problems. The Major shoots himself rather than live in such a world.Steve returns to his children and tells them to follow him, claiming to have found a way out. They drive aimlessly through the military base, as loudspeakers shout out instructions for spreading the invasion by carrying out pods in trucks. Realizing that her father was replicated while he was away, Marti swerves the car to the side and tries to escape with her brother. Tim, who escaped his former comrades who tried to turn him into one of them, suddenly appears and Marti takes his gun and shoots the Steve duplicate. Pod Steve's body shrinks into a mass of seething, bloody goo.Tim manages to get hold of a helicopter gunship, but Marti and Andy are taken away by the pod people. They sedate both of them and take them to the base infirmary where the remaining human beings are being systematically duplicated by pods. Tim is able to rescue Marti, despite her naked pod duplicate trying to seduce him. Incomplete, it dies when he pulls its connecting tendrils off Marti.Marti and Tim leave the building, pretending to be pod people so they can get to Tim's helicopter to escape. However, they are spotted by Jenn, now a pod duplicate, who gets suspicious and tells Marti she saw Andy looking for her. When Marti reacts by displaying emotion, Jenn responds by giving out a pod scream to alert the other pod people. Tim and Marti manage to get in the helicopter and are joined at the last minute by Andy, who runs up to them. But right after taking off, Andy, who is actually a pod duplicate, attacks both and tries to bring down the helicopter. After a short scuffle, a heartbroken Marti is forced to throw Pod-Andy out of the helicopter and he gives out a pod scream while falling to his death.Tim destroys the trucks filled with pods with the helicopter's rockets. While they land on another base, the words of Marti's replaced stepmother can be heard, suggesting that the phenomenon may have already spread beyond the army base.
671	Bride of Frankenstein (1935)	Horror	In a castle on a stormy night, Percy Bysshe Shelley and Lord Byron praise Mary Shelley for her story of Frankenstein and his Monster. She reminds them that her intention for writing the novel was to impart a moral lesson, the consequences of a mortal man who tries to play God. Mary says she has more of the story to tell. The scene shifts to the close of the 1931 movie Frankenstein, where villagers gathered around the burning windmill cheer the apparent death of the Monster.Hans, the father of a girl the creature drowned, wants to see the Monster's bones. He falls into a flooded pit underneath the mill, where the Monster—having survived the fire—strangles him. Hauling himself from the pit, the Monster casts Hans' wife to her death. He next encounters Frankenstein's servant Minnie, who flees in terror.The body of Henry Frankenstein, who is thought to have died at the windmill, is returned to his fiancée Elizabeth at his castle home. Minnie arrives to sound the alarm about the Monster, but her warning goes unheeded. Elizabeth, seeing Henry move, realizes he is still alive. Nursed back to health by Elizabeth, Henry has renounced his creation, but still believes he may be destined to unlock the secret of life and immortality. A hysterical Elizabeth cries that she foresees death.Henry visits the lab of his former mentor Doctor Septimus Pretorius, where Pretorius shows Henry several homunculi he has created. Pretorius wishes to work with Henry to create a mate for the Monster, with the proposed venture involving Pretorius growing an artificial brain while Henry gathers parts for the mate.The Monster saves a young shepherdess from drowning. Her screams upon seeing the Monster alert two hunters, who shoot and injure him. The hunters raise a mob that sets out in pursuit. Captured and trussed to a pole, the Monster is hauled to a dungeon and chained. Left alone, he breaks his chains, overpowers the guards, and escapes into the woods.That night, the Monster encounters an old blind hermit who thanks God for sending him a friend. He teaches the monster words like "friend" and "good" and shares a meal with him. Two lost hunters stumble upon the cottage and recognize the Monster. He attacks them and accidentally burns down the cottage as the hunters lead the hermit away.Taking refuge from another angry mob in a crypt, the Monster spies Pretorius and his cronies Karl and Ludwig breaking open a grave. The henchmen depart as Pretorius has supper. The Monster reveals himself, eats some of the food, and learns that Pretorius plans to create a mate for him.Henry and Elizabeth, now married, are visited by Pretorius. Henry expresses his refusal to assist Pretorius, who calls the Monster. The Monster demands Henry's help, to no avail. Pretorius orders the Monster out, secretly signaling him to kidnap Elizabeth. Pretorius guarantees her safe return upon Henry's participation. Henry returns to his tower laboratory and, despite himself, grows excited over his work. After being assured of Elizabeth's safety, Henry completes the Bride's body.A storm rages as final preparations are made to bring the Bride to life. Her bandage-wrapped body is raised through the roof, where electricity is harnessed from lightning to animate her. Henry and Pretorius lower her and, after realizing their success in bringing her to life, remove her bandages and help her to stand.The Monster comes down the steps after killing Karl on the rooftop and sees his mate. The Monster reaches out to her and asks: "Friend?" The Bride, screaming, rejects him. He observes: "She hate me! Like others." As Elizabeth races to Henry's side, the Monster rampages through the lab. Before destroying everything, the Monster pauses and tells Henry and Elizabeth: "Go! You live! Go!" To Pretorius and the Bride, he says: "You stay. We belong dead." While Henry and Elizabeth flee, the Bride hisses at the Monster. Shedding a tear, the Monster pulls a lever to trigger the laboratory and tower's destruction.
672	Candyman (1992)	Horror	Helen Lyle is an anthropology graduate student at the  University of Illinois Chicago. While researching urban legends, she familiarizes herself with Candyman, a spirit who kills anyone that speaks his name five times before a mirror. She learns of a recent murder at the Cabrini–Green Homes public housing project and several others that have been attributed by locals to Candyman. Skeptical, Helen and her friend Bernadette Walsh repeat Candyman's name to Helen's bathroom mirror, to no avail.Helen and Bernadette work together on a thesis on how Cabrini-Green residents use the Candyman legend to cope with racial inequality. She and Bernadette visit the scene of the most recent murder. There, Helen discovers a room where sweets have been left for Candyman. Afterwards, they interview the victim's neighbor, Anne-Marie McCoy, a single mother raising her infant son Anthony. Helen and her husband Trevor, alongside Bernadette, later have dinner with Professor Phillip Purcell, an expert on the Candyman myth. He discloses that "Candyman" was an African-American man born in the late 1800s as the son of a slave who grew up to become a renowned painter. After he fell in love with and impregnated a white woman, her father sent a lynch mob after him. The mob sawed off his right hand and smeared him with honeycomb stolen from an apiary, attracting bees that stung him to death. His corpse was burned in a pyre erected on the site where the Cabrini-Green Homes were eventually built.When Helen returns to Cabrini-Green, a young boy named Jake tells her of an incident where a developmentally disabled boy was castrated by Candyman in a public bathroom. Helen investigates the site, where a man claiming to be Candyman batters her with a hook. She identifies her attacker to the police, who recognize him as the head of a local gang and charge him for the murders attributed to Candyman. A few days later, however, the real Candyman appears to Helen in a parking garage, hypnotizing her. He explains that due to her discredit of his legend, he must shed innocent blood to perpetuate it. Helen blacks out and awakens in Anne-Marie's apartment, covered in blood, finding Anne-Marie's pet Rottweiler, Annie, decapitated and her son Anthony missing. Anne-Marie proceeds to attack Helen, who stabs Anne-Marie during their struggle. The police arrive and arrest Helen.After Trevor bails her out of jail, Helen spots Candyman in a photograph she took at Cabrini-Green. Candyman breaks into Helen's apartment and cuts her neck, causing her to bleed and pass out. Bernadette arrives at Helen's apartment, and when Helen comes to, she realizes that Candyman has murdered Bernadette. Framed for the crime, Helen is committed to a psychiatric hospital. While being interviewed in preparation for her trial a month later, Helen attempts to prove her innocence by summoning Candyman, who appears and murders her psychiatrist. Candyman then frees Helen from her restraints, allowing her to escape.Helen returns to her apartment to find Trevor now living with one of his students, Stacey. Helen confronts him, then flees to Cabrini-Green to rescue Anthony. When she finds Candyman in his lair, he informs Helen that her surrender to him will ensure Anthony's safety. Offering Helen immortality, Candyman opens his coat, revealing a ribcage wreathed in bees. The bees pour out of his mouth and stream down her throat as he kisses her. He vanishes with Anthony, and Helen awakes to discover a mural of the Candyman and his lover, who bears a striking resemblance to her.Candyman promises to release Anthony if Helen helps him strike fear into Cabrini-Green's residents. Attempting to feed his legend, Candyman reneges and attempts to immolate both Helen and Anthony in a pyre. Helen stabs Candyman with a flaming plank. The flames destroy Candyman and Helen dies while rescuing Anthony. The residents, led by Anne-Marie and Jake, pay their respects at Helen's funeral. At home, the grief-stricken and guilt-ridden Trevor looks into the mirror and utters Helen's name five times, whereupon Helen's vengeful spirit appears and kills him using Candyman's hook, leaving a hysterical Stacey to uncover his body in the bathtub. A new mural of Helen dressed in white with her hair ablaze appears in Candyman's lair.
673	Cape Fear (1962)	Film-Noir, Thriller	In Southeast Georgia, Max Cady is released from prison after serving an eight-year sentence for rape. He promptly tracks down Sam Bowden, an attorney whom he holds personally responsible for his conviction because Bowden interrupted his attack and testified against him. Cady begins to stalk and subtly threaten Bowden’s family, including his wife, Peggy, and 14-year-old daughter, Nancy. He kills the family dog, though Bowden cannot prove that Cady did it. A friend of Bowden, Police Chief Mark Dutton, attempts to intervene on Bowden's behalf, but he cannot prove Cady guilty of any crime.Bowden hires private detective Charlie Sievers. Cady brutally rapes a young woman, Diane Taylor, when he brings her home, but neither the private detective nor Bowden can persuade her to testify. While Nancy is waiting in a car one day, Cady begins to walk near her, causing her to run and end up almost getting hit by a car. Bowden takes matters into his own hands by hiring three thugs to attack Cady and coerce him to leave town, but the plan backfires when Cady manages to fight back and get the better of all three. Cady's attorney vows to have Bowden disbarred.Fearing for Peggy's and Nancy's safety, Bowden takes them to their houseboat in the Cape Fear region of North Carolina. In an attempt to trick Cady, Bowden makes it seem as though he has gone to Atlanta. He fully expects Cady to follow his wife and daughter, and he plans to kill Cady to end the battle. On a dark night, Bowden and local deputy Kersek hide in the swamp nearby, but Cady realizes that Kersek is there and drowns him, leaving no evidence of a struggle. Eluding Bowden and setting the houseboat adrift down the current, Cady first attacks Peggy on the boat, causing Bowden to go to her rescue. Meanwhile, Cady swims back to shore to attack Nancy. Bowden realizes what has happened, and also swims ashore.The two men engage in a final fight on the riverbank. Bowden manages to grab his gun, which he had dropped, and shoots Cady, wounding and incapacitating him. Cady tells Bowden, "Finish the job", but Bowden decides to do the thing that Cady earlier told him would be unbearable – put him in prison for the rest of his life, to "count the years, the months, the hours until the day you rot". In the morning light, the Bowden family are together on a boat, heading safely downriver with police.
674	Cat People (1982)	Horror	In an undisclosed, primitive human settlement, a sacrificial maiden is tied to a tree. A black panther approaches and rests its paws on her. Another girl with feline features approaches a similar big cat in a cave, without incurring its attack.In the present, Irena Gallier travels to New Orleans from Canada to reconnect with her brother Paul. Irena was raised in foster care after they were orphaned. Paul, who spent his childhood in psych wards, is now involved in a church and lives with his Creole housekeeper Female (pronounced "Femolly").That night, a prostitute named Ruthie walks into a fleabag motel to meet a john, but instead finds a black panther that mauls her foot. The police and zoologists Oliver, Alice and Joe capture the panther. Meanwhile, Irena wakes to find Paul missing. Female deduces he went to the mission and urges Irena to enjoy New Orleans on her own.Irena visits the zoo, is drawn to the newly captured panther and stays after closing hours. She is discovered by Oliver, the zoo's curator, who takes her to dinner and offers her a job at the zoo's gift shop. Irena reveals she is a virgin in conversation with Alice, who shares a romantic history (and is still in love) with Oliver and sees her as a rival. One day, the panther tears Joe's arm off during a routine cage cleaning. Joe bleeds to death and Oliver resolves to euthanize the cat, only to find it missing. In its cage lies a puddle of melted flesh like the one found by the prostitute.Paul turns up and makes a sexual advance towards Irena. She flees, flags down a police car and has second thoughts about turning Paul in, but a police dog catches a strong scent from the house and a detective is called in. In Paul's basement, police find shackles, bones and remains of dozens of corpses. They figure Paul is a serial killer who fed corpses to a captive black panther, and call in Oliver and Alice to investigate. On the run from Paul, Irena takes refuge in a frustrated romance with Oliver, fearing the consequences of physical intimacy.Paul visits Irena again and explains their shared werecat heritage, thus revealing himself as the escaped panther. Mating with a human transforms a werecat into a black panther, and only by killing a human can it regain human form. He tells her their parents were siblings because werecats are ancestrally incestuous and only mating between werecats prevents the transformation. Paul resumes his sexual advances, hoping Irena will accept their predicament, but she does not. Paul transforms, attacks Oliver and is shot by Alice. Oliver conducts a necropsy on Paul. A green gas emanates from the surgical cut and a human arm and hand reach up from within the corpse. Before Oliver can document this, Paul's corpse melts into a pool of slime.As Irena's feline instincts gradually emerge, she stalks and nearly attacks Alice twice. She later sleeps with Oliver and transforms into a panther, but she flees, sparing his life, and is later trapped on a bridge by police. Oliver arrives in time to see her jump off the bridge. Realizing where she is headed, he confronts Irena at a secluded lake house. She has regained human form by killing the house's caretaker. Irena tells Oliver she did not kill him because she loves him, and begs him to kill her. When he refuses, she begs him to have sex with her again so she can transform and "be with [her] own kind". Oliver reluctantly agrees. He ties Irena naked to the bedposts by her arms and legs in preparation for when she changes into the panther. They then have sex one last time, as Irena begins to transform.Some time later, Oliver is again in a one-sided relationship with Alice. He stops at the cage holding the "recaptured panther" – Irena, now permanently trapped in her panther form. Reaching through the bars, Oliver hand-feeds and strokes the now-docile Irena's neck before she glances at him and roars.
675	Nosferatu (Nosferatu, eine Symphonie des Grauens) (1922)	Horror	In 1838, in the fictional German town of Wisburg, Thomas Hutter is sent to Transylvania by his employer, the eccentric estate agent Herr Knock, to visit a new client, Count Orlok, who is planning on buying a house across from Hutter's own residence. As Hutter studies the route on a map, Knock secretly studies a mysterious correspondence in cabalistic symbols. While embarking on his journey, Hutter stops at an inn in which the locals are terrified by the mere mention of Orlok's name. In his room, he finds a book about vampires, which he initially scoffs at but puts in his baggage.After his carriage refuses to take him further than the entrance to the mountain pass, Hutter travels on foot until after sunset, when he is met on the road by a coach and rides to Orlok's castle in the Carpathian Mountains, where he is welcomed by Orlok himself. While Hutter is eating supper, he accidentally cuts his thumb; Orlok tries to suck the blood out, but his repulsed guest pulls his hand away. Hutter wakes up the next morning to find fresh punctures on his neck, which he attributes to mosquitoes. That night, Orlok signs the documents to purchase the house and notices on the table a miniature portrait of Hutter's wife, Ellen, an image that the young man carries with him in a small circular frame. Admiring the portrait, the count remarks that she has a "lovely neck." Reading the book that he took from the inn, Hutter begins to suspect that Orlok is indeed a vampire. With no way to bar the door to his bedroom, Hutter desperately tries to hide as midnight approaches. Suddenly, the door begins to slowly open by itself and, as Orlok enters, a terrified Hutter hides under the bedcovers and falls unconscious. Meanwhile, back in Wisburg, Ellen arises from her own bed and sleepwalks to the railing of her bedroom's balcony. She starts walking on top of the railing, which gets the attention of Thomas' friend Harding in the adjacent room. When the doctor arrives, Ellen envisions Orlok in his castle threatening her unconscious husband and shouts Hutter's name, which somehow Orlok is able to hear, causing him to withdraw.On the next day, Hutter explores the castle. In a vault, he finds the coffin in which Orlok is resting dormant in the crypt and flees back to his room. Hours later, as Hutter watches, Orlok piles up coffins on a coach and climbs into the last one before the coach departs. Hutter manages to escape from the castle, injuring himself in the process, and after a period of recovery, he rushes home. Orlok's coffins are taken aboard a schooner, which the sailors open only to discover rats. All of the crewmen later die, and Orlok takes control of the vessel. Not long after Hutter returns home, the ship arrives in Wisburg; Orlok leaves unobserved, carrying one of his coffins, and moves into the house that he purchased.Many deaths in the town follow Orlok's arrival, which the local doctors attribute to an unspecified plague caused by the rats from the ship. Knock, who has gone completely insane, is confined to a mental asylum, but escapes after strangling one of the wardens. Against Hutter's wishes, Ellen reads the book that he found on his journey; it claims that a vampire can be destroyed if a pure-hearted woman distracts the vampire from the approaching dawn with her beauty and by offering him her blood of her own free will; Ellen decides to sacrifice herself to stop Orlok. Knock, whom the villagers blame for the plague, is eventually re-captured and returned to the asylum. Ellen opens her window to invite Orlok in and pretends to fall ill so that she can send Hutter to fetch Professor Bulwer, a physician. After he leaves, Orlok enters and drinks her blood, but the sun rises and its rays cause Orlok to vanish in a puff of smoke, which Knock in his asylum cell senses and is shattered by. Ellen lives just long enough to be embraced by her grief-stricken husband.The film's final image is that of Orlok's castle, destroyed.
676	Crucible, The (1996)	Drama	In Salem, Massachusetts, in 1692, a group of village girls meet in the woods with slave Tituba, attempting to conjure love spells. Abigail Williams kills a chicken and drinks its blood, wishing for John Proctor's wife Elizabeth to die. When Abigail's uncle, Reverend Samuel Parris, discovers them, the girls run away, but his daughter Betty collapses unconscious.Betty will not awaken, nor will Thomas and Ann Putnam's daughter Ruth, who was also conjuring. Giles Corey, who suspects that the children are just acting out, and John Proctor, with whom Abigail had an affair, visit the Parris household. Believing Betty and Ruth to be demonically possessed, Parris and the Putnams call Reverend John Hale from nearby Beverly to examine Betty. To save herself and the other girls from punishment, Abigail accuses Tituba of witchcraft. After being whipped, Tituba confesses to seeing the devil and is saved from being hanged. Struck by their new power, the girls begin naming numerous other women, including Elizabeth, whom they "saw" with the devil.John wants to forget about his affair with Abigail and get back with Elizabeth. He decides to stop Abigail's accusations, telling his servant, Mary Warren, who is one of the "afflicted" girls, to testify at the trial that the witchcraft was faked. In court, Francis Nurse gives a list of people vouching for the accused; the judges order that all on the list be arrested and brought in for questioning. Giles insists that when Ruth accused Rebecca Nurse, Mr. Putnam was heard to tell Ruth that she had won him a "fine gift of land". Giles refuses to identify who heard this remark, and the judges order his arrest. Mary Warren insists she only thought she saw spirits but the other girls later cow her into recanting. Elizabeth says she is pregnant and will be spared from death until the baby is born, but John insists that the girls be charged with false witness.The girls are called in and asked if they were lying about the witchcraft, but they start screaming that Mary Warren is bewitching them. To demonstrate Abigail's complicity, John confesses to having sex with her, claiming that she accused Elizabeth in order to get rid of her so that she could marry him. Abigail denies the affair, so Elizabeth is called in to verify it. Unaware that John confessed and wanting to save his reputation, she lies. As Reverend Hale tries to persuade the court of John's honesty, the girls turn the court further against the Proctors by screaming that Mary Warren is attacking them as a "yellow bird". John repeats his accusation that the girls are merely pretending, but they run outside from the "bird" into a nearby lake. To save herself from being hanged, Mary Warren accuses John of witchcraft. When asked if he will return to God, John despairingly yells "I say God is dead!" and is arrested as a witch.On the day before John is to be hanged, Reverend Hale confronts Abigail at the now-abandoned homes of the victims whom she testified against. Because Hale was the lone official in the court to doubt her claims, Abigail attempts to convince the court that Hale's wife is also a witch; however, this backfires as the judges doubt her, as they consider a minister's wife to be pure. Eventually, the girls become outcasts and Abigail steals Parris' money to flee to Barbados, but not before asking John to go with her, telling him she never wished any of this on him. He refuses, stating "It's not on a ship we'll meet again, but in Hell".Parris fears that John's hanging will cause riots directed at him, so he allows Elizabeth to meet with John to convince him to "confess" and save his life. John agrees and writes the confession. The judges insist that he sign the confession and publicly display it to prove his guilt and to convince others to confess, but John, determined to keep his name pure for his sons, angrily shouts "Leave me my name!", and tears it up. On the gallows, John, Rebecca Nurse and Martha Corey's recitation of the Lord's Prayer is cut short when they are hanged.Later, nineteen people are executed after refusing to save themselves by giving false confessions. The Salem Witch Trials are brought to an end after this.
677	Fire on the Mountain (1996)	Documentary	Fire on the Mountain is a 1981 American neo-Western drama television film directed by Donald Wrye and written by John Sacret Young, based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Edward Abbey. The film stars Buddy Ebsen as John Vogelin and Ron Howard as Lee Mackie. It originally aired on NBC on November 23, 1981.
678	Volcano (1997)	Drama, Thriller	In downtown Los Angeles, an earthquake strikes. Mike Roark, the new director of the city's Office of Emergency Management, insists on coming to work to help with the crisis even though he has been on vacation with his daughter, Kelly. His associate Emmit Reese notes that the quake caused no major damage, but 7 utility workers are later burned to death in a storm drain at MacArthur Park. As a precaution, Mike tries to halt the subway lines near the location of the earthquake. MTA Chairman Stan Olber opposes, believing that there is no threat to the trains. Seismologist Dr. Amy Barnes believes that a volcano may be forming beneath the city due to the earthquake opening a fissure in the fault line; however, she has insufficient evidence to make Mike take action.The following day, Amy and her assistant Rachel venture into the storm sewer to investigate. While they take samples, the San Andreas Fault unleashes a strong earthquake that strikes the city. Rachel falls into a crack and is killed by a rush of hot gases. A subway train derails from falling debris, and a power outage occurs across the entire city. Later, a small Cinder Cone Volcano emerges, and erupts from the La Brea Tar Pits. As Mike helps injured firefighters out of the area, lava begins to flow down Wilshire Boulevard. The lava incinerates everything in its path and kills two firefighters in an overturned fire truck. The Roarks become separated, as Kelly is injured when a lava bomb burns her leg and is taken to Cedars-Sinai Hospital along with other patients.Meanwhile, Stan leads his team through the tunnel to the derailed train to search for survivors. While they save everyone aboard, Stan rescues the driver just as lava reaches the train, causing it to disintegrate. Stan sacrifices his life by jumping into the lava flow to throw the driver to safety.Mike, Amy, and LAPD lieutenant Ed Fox devise a plan to use concrete barriers to create a blockade, which obstructs the lava in its path. A fleet of helicopters dumps water collected from the ocean to subdue the lava and volcano, forming a crust and making the plan a success. However, Amy thinks the magma is still flowing underground through the subway because the ash still falls. When Mike helps her confirm her suspicions, she calculates that another eruption will occur at the end of the Red Line at Cedars-Sinai and, after calculating the speed of the flowing lava, determines the lava will reach the end of the tunnel in thirty minutes.Mike devises another plan to demolish a 22-story condominium building to block the lava's path from flowing towards the hospital and the rest of the West Side of Los Angeles, redirecting it into a nearby storm drain. As the lava arrives, Mike's co-worker Gator and an LAPD Bomb Squad officer (trapped under debris) sacrifice their lives to detonate the final explosive charge. Mike then spots Kelly nearby, trying to retrieve a little boy she was watching who wandered off; the two are in the direct path of the collapsing building. Mike barely manages to save them from being crushed as the building collapses. The plan succeeds, and the lava flows directly into the ocean. As it begins raining, the trio emerges from the rubble unscathed and reunites with Amy before heading home.At the tar pits, the volcano has taken shape above ground and has since been named "Mount Wilshire" and remains active.
679	Conan the Barbarian (1981)	Action, Adventure	A blacksmith forges a sword and shows it to his young son, Conan, as he tells him of the "Riddle of Steel", an aphorism on the importance of steel to their people, the Cimmerians. A band of raiders led by cult leader Thulsa Doom massacres the Cimmerian village, killing Conan's parents. The children are taken as slaves to work a large mill, the Wheel of Pain. Conan survives into adulthood, becoming a powerfully muscled gladiator and eventually gaining his freedom. He is chased by wild dogs and seeks refuge in an Atlantean warrior's tomb, from which he takes an ancient sword. Conan wanders the world, bedding a prophetic witch and befriending Subotai, a Hyrkanian thief and archer.Following the witch's advice, Conan and Subotai go to the city of Zamora to seek out Doom. There they meet Valeria, a female brigand. The three raid the Tower of Serpents, slaying a giant snake and looting the jewels and other valuables it guarded. After escaping with their loot, the thieves celebrate, and Conan has sex with Valeria. The city guards capture the trio and bring them to King Osric, who offers them a reward if they will rescue his daughter, Princess Yasmina, who has become a cultist of Doom. Subotai and Valeria demur, but Conan, who already desires vengeance against Doom, sets off for the villain's Temple of Set.Disguised as a priest, Conan infiltrates the temple, but is discovered, captured, and tortured. Doom lectures him on the power of flesh over steel, which he demonstrates by hypnotically commanding a young woman cultist to leap to her death. He then has Conan crucified on the Tree of Woe. Subotai and Valeria rescue the near-dead Conan and bring him to Akiro, the Wizard of the Mounds (and also the film's narrator), who lives on a burial site of warriors and kings. The wizard summons spirits to heal Conan and warns that they will "extract a heavy toll", which Valeria is willing to pay. The spirits try to abduct Conan, but he is restored to health after Valeria and Subotai fend them off.Subotai and Valeria agree to help Conan complete King Osric's quest and infiltrate the Temple of Set. As the cult indulges in a cannibalistic orgy, the thieves attack and flee with the princess, but Doom shoots Valeria with a magical snake arrow and escapes Conan by transforming into a large serpent. Valeria dies in Conan's arms, acknowledging the toll that the wizard warned would be exacted in exchange for Conan's life. Conan cremates her at the Mounds and prepares with Subotai and the wizard to battle Doom. Conan asks Crom, the Cimmerian God, to grant him revenge. By using booby traps and exploiting their terrain, they manage to slay Doom's warriors. Just when Doom's lieutenant Rexor is about to overcome Conan, Valeria reappears for a brief moment as a Valkyrie to save him from the mortal blow. Doom shoots another snake arrow at the princess to deny the heroes a successful rescue, but Subotai blocks the shot with his shield and Doom retreats to his temple. Conan kills Rexor and recovers his father's sword, now broken by his Atlantean sword.With the aid of the princess, now freed from Doom's sway, Conan sneaks back to the temple and confronts Doom in front of his cultists. Doom attempts to entrance him, but the barbarian resists and uses his father's broken sword to behead his nemesis. With Doom's spells broken, the disillusioned cultists disperse. Conan burns down the temple and leaves to return the princess to her father.
680	Kull the Conqueror (1997)	Action, Adventure	Kull battles for the right to join Valusia's elite Dragon Legion until being told by General Taligaro that as a barbarian from Atlantis, he will never be allowed to join a legion of 'noble blood'. Taligaro then learns that the Valusian King Borna has gone mad and is slaughtering his heirs, riding to Valusia with Kull following. The confrontation that follows ends with Kull mortally wounding Borna, who with his last breath names Kull his successor, to the dismay of Taligaro and most of the assembled nobles. Soon after, Kull meets his harem and recognizes one of them, Zareta, as a fortuneteller he once encountered, who also foretold his kingship. Kull summons her to his chambers, where she reads the cards and tells him that the fate of his kingdom would depend on a kiss. Kull then attempts to sleep with Zareta, but he dismisses her when she reminds him that she is a slave and acts when commanded.The next day, Kull attempts to free his slaves, but finds that his rulings are hampered by the stone tablets detailing the laws of Valusia. Taligaro and his cousin secretly attempt to assassinate Kull during his coronation, but fail. Taligaro and his conspirators are summoned the following night by the necromancer Enaros, who offers to aid them by resurrecting Akivasha, the Sorceress Queen of the ancient Acheron Empire, which the god Valka destroyed ages before Valusia was built on its remains. Using Taligaro's group to suit her ends to gain power and restore Acheron, Akivasha uses her magic to enchant Kull and become his queen. Akivasha then places Kull in a deathlike slumber, framing Zareta of "regicide" while taking Kull to her temple to keep as a plaything.Kull escapes with the help of the Valkan priest Ascalante, Zareta's brother. The pair free Zareta and the trio head north via the ship of Kull's untrusting associate Juba, in the hope of obtaining the Breath of Valka, the only weapon that can stop Akivasha from regaining her full power. Realizing what they are up to, Akivasha sends Taligaro after them; he catches them just as Zareta obtains the Breath, mortally wounding Ascalante and leaving Kull to die. Taligaro reveals his intent to use Zareta to betray Akivasha and take the Topaz Throne. On the day of the solar eclipse, Kull returns to Valusia as Akivasha gradually begins assuming her true demonic form, easily thwarting Taligaro's attempt to kill her with Zareta. After Kull wounds Taligaro and kills Enaros, Zareta kisses Kull and passes the Breath of Valka to him, who kisses the now-fully demonic Akivasha to transmit Valka's Breath and extinguish her flame forever. Kull proceeds to kill Taligaro when he attempts to take Zareta hostage, removing the last opposition to his rule.After being reinstated as king by the now more amenable nobles, Kull names Zareta his queen, then uses his axe to destroy the Tablets of the Law, abolishing slavery in Valusia and allowing it to be reborn as a kingdom of honor rather than tradition.
681	Wishmaster (1997)	Horror	In 1127, a djinn asks a Persian emperor to make his second wish. When the emperor wishes to see wonders, the Djinn uses his powers to torture and mutilate people in the palace. The emperor is horrified, but the Djinn tells him to use his third wish to set things right. Before the emperor can make his third wish, Zoroaster, a sorcerer, explains the consequences of the third wish, as it will free legions of djinn on Earth. He then reveals a fire opal, which pulls the Djinn inside and traps him.In present-day America, Raymond Beaumont supervises workers lowering a box containing an antique statue of Ahura Mazda onto a ship. The crane operator, Mickey Torelli, is drunk and drops the box, killing Beaumont's assistant Ed Finney and destroying the statue. A dockworker steals the fire opal from the rubble and pawns it. Eventually, the jewel reaches Regal Auctioneers, where Nick Merritt instructs appraiser Alexandra "Alex" Amberson to examine it, which wakes the Djinn. Alex sees something inside the jewel and leaves it with her close friend and colleague, Josh Aickman, to analyze. As he collects data, the gem explodes, destroying the lab and releasing the Djinn. Josh, wounded, wishes for relief from his physical pain, and the Djinn grants his wish by killing him.Alex, having been informed of Josh's death by Lieutenant Nathanson, tracks the gem to the statue which she tracks to Beaumont, who sends Alex to visit Wendy Derleth, a folklore professor. Wendy explains the history of the gem and the nature of the djinn: a djinn grants wishes in exchange for souls, but as djinns are demonic in nature, the wishes will be twisted into curses for the djinn's amusement. Later, Alex learns that the Djinn needs to power the gem with human souls and then grant her (the person who originally released him) three wishes before he can open the gateway to release his fellow djinn on Earth. Meanwhile, the Djinn takes the form of a dead man and uses the name Nathaniel Demerest. He kills a pharmacist with the wish of a vengeful vagrant and grants sales clerk Ariella's wish for eternal beauty by turning her into a mannequin. Searching for Alex, he goes to Nathanson to gain her information. Nathanson refuses to help him, but the Djinn grants Nathanson's wish to easily prove a criminal's guilt by having the criminal go on a shooting spree inside the police precinct, and in the chaos finds Alex's home address and leaves.The Djinn next visits Nick. Nick agrees to help in exchange for a million dollars, which he receives when his mother takes out a life insurance policy and is killed in a plane explosion.Alex sees troubling visions every time the Djinn grants wishes. She consults Derleth again but soon realizes she is actually talking to the Djinn, who has killed Derleth and taken her form. The Djinn confronts Alex and offers her three wishes. In the spirit of fair play, he offers her a "free" wish, to see what will happen. She wishes for him to shoot himself, but he is immortal and the gunshot fails to harm him. Using the first of her three official wishes, Alex wishes to know what he is. The Djinn teleports her to his hellish world within the gem which terrifies her as he boasts of his evil to her. She then wishes to escape back to her apartment, alone.The Djinn threatens Alex's sister, Shannon, so Alex hurries to a party to which Beaumont had invited Alex and Shannon. The Djinn follows, again disguised as Nathaniel Demerest. Alex tells doorman Johnny Valentine to hold the Djinn, as he is trying to kill her; however, the Djinn manipulates Valentine into making a wish "to escape his routine life," allowing the Djinn to kill Valentine, making his way into the party. The Djinn charms Beaumont, who wishes his party would be unforgettable, and thus the Djinn causes the artwork in his party to come to life and kill Beaumont, the guests, and the security guards called in to help. Eventually, the Djinn corners the sisters and attempts to scare Alex into making her third wish by trapping Shannon in a burning painting.Alex, after calming herself so she can focus, wishes that crane operator Mickey Torelli had not been drinking on the job two days ago, which the Djinn is forced to grant. This, however, undoes the events that followed the statue's destruction and traps the Djinn in the fire opal once again, as the now-sober Torelli lowers the crate without problems. Alex visits Josh, who is now alive again, and notices that Alex seems pleased with herself, though she does not explain why. Inside the jewel in the statue of Ahura Mazda, now in Beaumont's private collection, the Djinn sits on a throne, waiting to be released.
682	I Know What You Did Last Summer (1997)	Horror, Mystery, Thriller	On July 4, 1996, in Southport, North Carolina, Julie James and her friends Ray Bronson, Helen Shivers, and Barry Cox drive to the beach while celebrating Helen's victory at the beauty pageant. On the way back, Barry's drunken antics cause Ray to accidentally hit a pedestrian; they assume they killed him. Julie's friend Max passes by on the road, and they hide their crime from him to buy them more time to decide what to do. Barry and Helen try to dump the body in the water, but the pedestrian wakes up and grabs Helen. Barry pushes him into the water, and the group makes a pact to never discuss what happened.One year later, Julie returns home from college for the summer. The friends have gone their separate ways, with none of them pursuing their dreams due to struggling with the incident. Julie receives a letter stating, "I know what you did last summer!" She and Helen take the note to Barry, who suspects Max is pulling a stunt on them. Julie meets Ray, who now works as a fisherman. Max is killed by a figure in a raincoat wielding a hook. That night, Barry is ambushed by the assailant, who steals and drives his car, nearly running him over.Julie researches newspaper articles, believing that the man they ran over was a local named David Egan. Helen and Julie meet David's sister Missy at her home under the guise that their car broke down. Missy explains that a friend of David's named Billy Blue visited her to pay his respects. That night, the killer sneaks into Helen's house and cuts off her hair while she sleeps.The following morning, Julie finds Max's corpse wearing Barry's stolen jacket and covered in crabs in the trunk of her car. When she brings the others to see it, the body has been removed. Julie, Helen and Barry confront Ray, who claims to also have received a letter. Julie goes back to visit Missy, while Barry and Helen participate in the 4th of July parade. Missy reveals that David allegedly committed suicide out of guilt for the death of his girlfriend, Susie Willis, in a car accident and shows David's suicide note. As the writing matches that of the note she received, Julie realizes it was not a suicide note, but a death threat. Julie realizes the man she and her friends struck in the hit-and-run was not David Egan.At the Croaker Beauty Pageant, Helen witnesses Barry being murdered on the balcony but finds no sign of the killer or Barry. The police officer escorting her home is murdered by the killer. Helen runs to her family's store, where the killer murders her sister Elsa. She escapes and runs toward the street, but the killer slashes her to death.Julie finds an article mentioning Susie's father, Ben Willis, and realizes Ben was the man they had run over a year earlier, moments after he killed David to avenge his daughter. She goes to tell Ray but notices Ray's boat is called Billy Blue. A fisherman knocks Ray unconscious, inviting Julie to hide on his boat. On the boat, she finds photos and articles about her and her friends and pictures of Susie. The boat leaves the docks, and the fisherman is revealed to be Ben Willis, targeting them in revenge for leaving him for dead.Ben chases Julie below deck, where she uncovers the bodies of Helen and Barry in the icebox. Ray awakens and goes to rescue Julie. He ultimately uses the rigging to sever Ben's hand and send him overboard. He explains that he posed as David's friend and visited Missy out of guilt. The couple reconciles, relieved not to have actually killed anyone after all.One year later, Julie is in college in Boston. As she enters the shower, Julie notices the words "I still know" written in the steam on the shower door right before a dark figure crashes through it.
683	Rocket Man (1997)	Comedy	NASA is training for the first human mission to Mars, which will involve the spacecraft Aries. Because of a supposed glitch in the computer navigation system, NASA looks for the original programmer of the software to understand why it seems to be broken. Fred Z. Randall, the eccentric and clumsy programmer who wrote the software, meets Paul Wick, the flight director of the Mars mission; William "Wild Bill" Overbeck, the commander of the Mars mission; and astronaut Gary Hackman, the computer specialist. Fred looks at the software and discovers that the problem actually stems from a mathematical error made by Gary. After a display of hard-headed stubbornness, Gary is hit in the head by a model of the Pilgrim 1 Mars lander, suffering a skull fracture. NASA decides to replace him instead of delaying the mission. Fred is brought to NASA to see whether he has what it takes to be an astronaut. He goes through a series of exercises and does well, even going so far as to break every record that Overbeck had set. In the end, Fred gets the job.While getting ready to board the Aries, Fred chickens out and refuses to go on the mission. Bud Nesbitt, who Wick claims caused the Apollo 13 accident (though Bud later reveals that Wick was responsible), tells Fred about  three commemorative coins given to him by President Johnson. He gave one coin to Neil Armstrong and another to Jim Lovell. Showing Fred a gold coin reading "Bravery", Bud says, "It hasn't done me much good. Maybe it'll mean something to you." Fred then quotes the Cowardly Lion from The Wizard of Oz.Fred, Commander Overbeck, geologist Julie Ford, and Ulysses, a trained chimpanzee, board the Aries. Together, they will look for fossils on Mars. While on a video call with the president, Fred inadvertently humiliates Overbeck by leading the global population in singing "He's Got the Whole World in His Hands." To save on resources, crew members are to be put into "hypersleep" for eight months while the ship floats towards Mars. Ulysses purposely takes Fred's hypersleep chamber as his own, and Fred has to sleep in Ulysses' chimp-sized chamber. He sleeps for only 13 minutes and has to stay up alone for eight months. While looking at Mars's weather data, Fred notices severe sandstorms that could endanger the crew. He contacts Bud in Houston and tells him about the storms that are forecast to hit the landing site. If the crew gets caught in the storms, the crew members could be lost forever. Bud tells Wick about the situation, but Wick ignores him. The crew makes it to Mars after Overbeck chides Fred for being awake the whole time and using all the food—except food that the former despises (anchovy paste, creamed liver, and gefilte fish)—for painting. They land the Pilgrim on the Martian surface. As Overbeck prepares to be the first human to step on Mars, Fred slips from the ladder and accidentally lands first.A day after the crew lands, the sandstorms arrive ahead of schedule. After almost losing Overbeck and Ulysses in a sandstorm, the crew lifts off from the Martian surface. Wick is replaced by Bud when it becomes clear that Wick does not trust his NASA crew. The ship has almost escaped the sandstorm when rocks kicked up by wind hit the lander. Pilgrim 1 loses power and begins to spin out of control. Fred has to rewire the entire system, reboot it, and power everything back up in less than two minutes, or the ship will crash. With less than 20 seconds, he has to complete the circuit. He frantically searches for something and finally shoves the commemorative coin into the slot, allowing the lander to regain power. The crew safely returns to the Aries, which is orbiting Mars. Fred asks Julie to dance with him in zero gravity to "The Blue Danube". He wears a silver tuxedo, and she wears a gold dress made from space blankets that he cut up during his accident with the sleep pod.As Fred gets ready for hypersleep one last time, Ulysses once again takes Fred's hypersleep chamber and Fred yells in anguish as the Aries begins its eight month journey back to Earth. In a post-credits scene, the crew's flag pole on Mars is shown missing its flag. It is revealed that Fred's American flag boxers, which were earlier used as a replacement for the original flag, have been stolen and worn by a Martian.
684	In the Line of Fire (1993)	Action, Thriller	Secret Service agents, Frank Horrigan and Al D'Andrea, meet with members of a counterfeiting group at a marina. The group's leader, Mendoza, tells Horrigan that he has identified D'Andrea as an undercover agent, and forces Horrigan to prove his loyalty by putting a gun to D'Andrea's head and pulling the trigger. When the gun just clicks, Horrigan then shoots and kills Mendoza's men, identifies himself as a United States Secret Service agent, and arrests Mendoza.Horrigan investigates a complaint from a landlady about an apartment's absent tenant, Joseph McCrawley. He finds a collage of photographs and newspaper articles on famous assassinations, a model-building magazine, and a Time cover with the President's head, on which a gunsight-crosshairs has been drawn in red marker. When Horrigan and D'Andrea return with a search warrant, only one photograph remains, which shows a much younger Horrigan (with his face circled in red) standing behind John F. Kennedy in Dallas in 1963, on the day Kennedy is assassinated. Horrigan is the only remaining active agent who was guarding the President that day, and is wracked with guilt over his failure to react quickly enough to the first shot to shield Kennedy from the subsequent fatal bullet. The guilt drove Horrigan to drink excessively, and his family left him.Horrigan receives a phone call from McCrawley, who calls himself "Booth". He tells Horrigan that, like John Wilkes Booth and Lee Harvey Oswald, he plans to kill the President of the United States, who is running for reelection and is making many public appearances around the country. Horrigan, despite his age, asks to return to the Presidential Protective Division, where he begins a relationship with fellow agent, Lilly Raines.McCrawley, posing as Jim Carney, opens an account with Southwest Savings Bank of Los Angeles, intending to use the account to make campaign contributions. When a bank employee named Pam seems suspicious, he follows her to her home and murders her, and her roommate, Sally.Booth continues to call Horrigan as part of his "game," even though he knows that his calls are being traced. He mocks Horrigan's failure to protect Kennedy but calls him a "friend." Booth escapes Horrigan and D'Andrea after one such call from Lafayette Park, but inadvertently leaves a palm print on a passing car. The Federal Bureau of Investigation matches the print, but because the person's identity is classified, the agency cannot disclose it to the Secret Service. The FBI does notify the Central Intelligence Agency.At a campaign event in Chicago, Booth pops a decorative balloon. Horrigan, who is groggy from the flu, mistakes the pop for a gunshot and overreacts. Because of the error, he is removed from the protective detail by White House Chief of Staff Harry Sargent and head of security detail, Bill Watts, but retains the Booth case. Horrigan and D'Andrea follow a lead from the model-building magazine to a Phoenix home belonging to Mitch Leary. Upon entering, the two agents subdue an unknown individual, revealed to be a CIA agent working with Leary's associate. The CIA reveals that “McCrawley” is a pseudonym used by Leary, a former agency assassin who suffered a mental breakdown and is now a "predator," seeking revenge on his former masters. Leary, who has already killed several people as he prepares for the assassination, uses his model-making skills to mould a zip gun out of composite material to evade metal detectors.D'Andrea confides to Horrigan that he plans to leave the Secret Service immediately because of nightmares about the Mendoza incident, but Horrigan dissuades him from doing so. After Leary taunts Horrigan about the President facing danger in California, Horrigan and D'Andrea chase him across Washington rooftops, where Leary shoots and kills D'Andrea but saves Horrigan from falling to his death as he clings to the side of the building. Horrigan asks Raines to reassign him to the protective detail when the President visits Los Angeles, but a television crew films him mistaking a bellboy at the hotel for a security threat, and Watts and Sargent again force Horrigan to leave the detail.Horrigan connects Leary to Pam's murder and determines that Leary, who has made several large campaign contributions, is among the guests at a campaign dinner at the hotel. He sees the President approaching Leary and jumps into the path of the assassin's bullet, saving the President's life. As the Secret Service quickly removes the President, Leary uses Horrigan, who is wearing a bulletproof vest, as a hostage to escape in the hotel's glass elevator. Horrigan uses his earpiece to tell Raines and sharpshooters where to aim; although they miss Leary, Horrigan defeats him in hand-to-hand combat, leaving him hanging from the edge. Though Horrigan offers to pull him up to safety, declaring that he would only save him because it's his job, Leary ultimately commits suicide by letting go and falling to his death.Upon returning home to Washington, and now a widely publicized hero, Horrigan announces his retirement. Horrigan shows Raines into his apartment, where an unexpected farewell message from Leary is found on Horrigan's answering machine. They play the message, in which Leary begins to commend Horrigan on his character, but Horrigan and Raines leave the apartment before the message ends. The film ends with Horrigan and Raines enjoying a romantic interlude at the Lincoln Memorial, where they had previously shared a moment together.
685	Executive Decision (1996)	Action, Thriller	In May 1995, Lieutenant Colonel Austin Travis leads an unsuccessful Special Forces black ops raid on a Chechen mafia safe house in Trieste, Italy, to recover a stolen Soviet nerve agent, DZ-5. Three months later, Oceanic Airlines Flight 343, a Boeing 747-200, leaves Athens bound for Washington, D.C., with more than 400 passengers aboard including Nagi Hassan, lieutenant of the imprisoned terrorist leader El Sayed Jaffa. Hassan and his men hijack the flight, demanding Jaffa's release. Meanwhile, just moments before the hijacking, a suicide bomber working for Jaffa destroys a London Marriott hotel restaurant.Dr. David Grant, the U.S. Army intelligence consultant behind the botched raid, is summoned to a meeting at the Pentagon to plan an operation to retake the plane. Grant doubts Hassan's demands, suspecting he engineered Jaffa's capture, and intends to use the 747 to detonate a bomb loaded with the DZ-5 in U.S. airspace. The Pentagon authorizes a mid-air insertion of Travis' special operations team onto the hijacked airliner using the experimental "Remora F117x" aircraft. Grant and DARPA engineer Dennis Cahill reluctantly join the mission.The Remora intercepts and docks with the airliner. Grant, Cahill, and team members Cappy, Baker, Louie and Rat successfully board but Cappy is injured after a fall. Severe turbulence strains the docking tunnel. Travis sacrifices himself by closing the 747's hatch before it decompresses. The Remora is destroyed along with two other team members still on board as well as their communications equipment, leaving the Pentagon unaware of their survival. They conduct a covert search for the bomb, hoping to neutralize it and storm the cabin. Grant accidentally reveals his presence to flight attendant Jean, but successfully recruits her to assist their search, despite Hassan's suspicions.The team locates the bomb and Cappy, despite his injuries, guides Cahill in disarming it until they discover its arming device has an additional, remote-controlled trigger. Jaffa, released by U.S officials in an attempt to resolve the situation, calls Hassan from a private jet to tell him he is on his way to Algeria, but Hassan abruptly ends the call. Grant and the others realize Hassan's men are unaware of the bomb and Hassan's true intentions, after he kills one of them for rebuking him. He also inadvertently reveals that one of the passengers is a sleeper agent and the trigger-man for the bomb.The Pentagon dispatches U.S. Navy F-14 Tomcats to shoot down the 747, prompting Hassan to execute passenger U.S. Senator Jason Mavros as a warning. Baker uses Morse code via the 747's taillights to signal the fighters that the team made it aboard, requesting an extra ten minutes to neutralize the bomb and retake the 747, despite already crossing into U.S. airspace. Jean spots a man with an electronic device and informs Grant, who enters the passenger cabin to take the suspected individual by surprise, only to find he is merely a diamond thief. Grant spots the real sleeper, Demou, and fights him for the detonator. Hassan attempts to shoot Grant, but is himself shot by an on-board air marshal.The commandos storm the cabin as a firefight ensues. Grant struggles to wrestle the detonator from Demou's grip while Baker and Rat gun down several terrorists. Louie assists Grant by fatally shooting Demou and eliminating the remaining terrorists. Demou, however, manages to arm the bomb before dying, and stray bullets from a terrorist's weapon pierce a window causing explosive decompression. The bomb is disarmed just in time by Cappy and Cahill as the 747 stabilizes. Hassan kills the pilots and damages the controls, before being shot and killed by Rat.Despite his limited flying experience and poor flying technique, Grant takes control of the 747 and attempts a landing but misses the approach to Dulles International Airport. Now flying north over Maryland, Grant recognizes the area surrounding his training airfield, Frederick Field, and opts to attempt to land the 747 there. With Jean's assistance, Grant successfully lands the airliner and the passengers are safely evacuated. Grant is saluted by Baker, Louie, Rat and Cappy for his leadership before being summoned to the Pentagon.
686	Perfect World, A (1993)	Action, Drama	In 1963 Texas, convicts Robert "Butch" Haynes and Terry Pugh escape from the state penitentiary in Huntsville, Texas. Looking for food, Terry stumbles into a house where eight-year-old Phillip Perry lives with his devout Jehovah's Witness mother and two sisters. Butch follows and hits Terry to make him stop molesting the mother. Needing a hostage to aid their escape, Butch kidnaps Phillip. He and Terry escape and start driving north, but when Terry attempts to force himself on a half-naked Phillip, Butch shoots him knowing that sooner or later Terry will try to kill both of them.Meanwhile, Red Garnett, chief of the Texas Rangers, is in pursuit. With criminologist Sally Gerber and FBI sharpshooter Bobby Lee in tow, Red wants to recover Butch and Phillip before they cross the Texas border. Also, even though Butch does not realize it, Red has a history with him. When Butch was a teenager, he stole a car, and Red was the arresting officer. Butch was living with his abusive father, also a criminal, at the time. Due to his age and it being a first offense, Butch was supposed to get a lenient sentence. Red, however, convinced himself that prison would straighten Butch out, and asked the judge to give the young man a harsh sentence. Years later, Red realizes that the harsher sentence only made Butch into the criminal he feared he'd become.Phillip never participated in Halloween or Christmas celebrations due to his religion. Escaping with Butch, however, Phillip experiences a freedom which he finds exhilarating, as Butch allows him the kind of indulgences he has been forbidden, including the wearing of a shoplifted Casper the Friendly Ghost costume. Phillip becomes increasingly aware of his surroundings, and with encouragement from Butch, begins to learn how to make independent decisions on what is wrong and right. Butch finds himself drawn into giving Phillip the kind of fatherly presence which he himself never had.Butch and Phillip try to reach New Mexico but discover that the highway they are driving on is unfinished. While asleep in their car in a cornfield, they encounter farmer Mack and his family - Lottie his wife, and his grandson Cleveland. Mack frequently abuses Cleveland, which Butch tries to tolerate, but when Mack discovers who Butch is, Butch puts a stop to the abuse. He beats Mack and plans on killing him, but Phillip picks up Butch's gun and shoots Butch in the stomach. Phillip walks out of the house, drops the gun into a well, throws the car keys away, and runs across a meadow. Butch follows, and rests at the tree Phillip climbed. Phillip apologizes for shooting Butch, who tells him he did the right thing.Red's team surrounds the field where Phillip and Butch are situated, and Butch sends the boy to his mother, who arrived by helicopter and who Butch has made promise to take Phillip trick-or-treating every year. Unwilling to leave the already wounded Butch, Phillip runs back and hugs him – a gesture which, along with his knowledge of who Butch is, convinces Red that he can resolve the situation peacefully. His plans are thwarted, however, when Bobby Lee, mistaking one of Butch's gestures to mean he is about to draw a gun, shoots him in the chest, killing him. An enraged Red punches Bobby Lee and Sally knees him in the groin before walking away. Phillip is then reunited with his mother, and they leave in a helicopter with Phillip holding Butch's most prized possession: a postcard from Alaska, where he had hoped to find his own father.
687	McHale's Navy (1997)	Comedy, War	On the island of San Moreno, a trio of important-looking men (a Chinese militant, a Russian General, and a European businessman) are meeting with the island's governor. After paying him a suitcase full of money for a special operation, the three men are joined, via helicopter, by Major Jake McPherson Vladakov, the second best terrorist in the world, who will oversee the operation. This entire event is witnessed by a young boy named Roberto who takes pictures of the governor, the Major, and his men.The next morning finds retired Lt. Commander Quinton McHale making his way to the Naval Base of San Ysidro, where he does some trading with the officers. Such goods and services include selling home-brewed beer, ice cream, and swimsuit calendars to the men in exchange for things like medicine and satellite photos to help the people of San Moreno. The satellite photos are his way of spying on the opposing children's baseball team. Stationed at the base are his old crew: Virgil, a cigar-chomping ladies' man and gunner; Happy, the team lookout who lives in a treehouse; Willie, the team techie and moonshine maker; Gruber, a slightly portly card-player and cigar hoarder; and Christy, the group's musclehead who can unscrew a bottle cap with his eye.However, Captain Wallace B. Binghamton and Lieutenant Penelope Carpenter command the base now. Capt. Binghamton believes his men have gone native and confiscates all the products McHale has sold them. He wants to resurrect his career after having mistakenly sunk a luxury cruise liner, for which he is famously known.Vladakov takes control of the baseball field and beach on San Moreno to set up his base of operations. After Roberto inadvertently alerts Vladakov to McHale's presence, (mostly thanks to the jersey that McHale gave him and the team), Vladakov uses his new stealth boat to blow up McHale's home and nearly destroys his PT-73, a decommissioned PT Boat, which reveals that they have a bad history with each other. When the governor tells Vladakov that his operations are disrupting the lives of the villagers, Vladakov and his men invade the village during their fiesta, blowing it up, and displacing everyone that lived there.At the Pentagon, Cobra, an admiral, finds out about Vladakov's presence on San Moreno and instructs Binghamton to stand down in favor of McHale, revealing that he was once a highly decorated, top covert operative. This shocks Binghamton, but he relays the message to McHale. McHale rejects the mission, saying he wants nothing to do with it, or with Binghamton. Upon learning that the village was destroyed, McHale accepts the assignment with the stipulations that he be given his old crew, men stationed at San Ysidro, and complete autonomy from Binghamton. Binghamton appears to agree but enlists Ensign Charles Parker (David Alan Grier) to spy on McHale. Slowly both Parker and Carpenter realize that Binghamton is an incompetent officer.McHale sets up a camp site for the villagers and, after invading Vladakov's base to find out what's going on, heads to Cuba for supplies to fix the re-commissioned PT-73 and to combat Vladakov. McHale and his crew use a pirated variety show broadcast to prevent Vladakov from stealing missile launch codes and entertain the villagers. Binghamton, tired of sitting on the side lines, attempts an attack on Vladakov's base but upon arrival, it is vacated and shown to be a front. Vladakov has killed the men that hired him to blow up The Pentagon as his motives are finally revealed. He was monitoring communications between McHale and Cobra and is aware that Cobra is en route to San Moreno to help take out Vladakov.Vladakov attempts to kill Cobra using his stealth boat. Roberto is aboard and he tries to short out the boat to no avail. He is captured by Vladakov, but manages to jump ship. After Ensign Parker saves Roberto, McHale successfully kills Vladakov using a torpedo he bought in Cuba, as revenge for Vladakov killing Roberto's father in Panama. Cobra lands safely and reveals that he is McHale's father, none other than now Admiral Quinton McHale Sr. and former WWII era commander of the PT-73.Finally, the film ends with the commendations of McHale's crew, and the promotions of Lt. Carpenter and Ensign Parker, the US Navy rebuilding the baseball field, McHale re-retiring so that he may pursue a relationship with Carpenter, and Binghamton's apparent demotion to umpire for a kids' baseball game.
688	Leave It to Beaver (1997)	Comedy	The show is built around young Theodore "Beaver" Cleaver (Jerry Mathers) and the trouble he gets himself into while navigating an often incomprehensible, sometimes illogical world. Supposedly, when he was a baby, his older brother Wallace "Wally" (Tony Dow) mispronounced "Theodore" as "Tweedor". Their firm-but-loving parents, Ward (Hugh Beaumont) and June Cleaver (Barbara Billingsley), felt "Beaver" sounded better. Conversely, Mathers has said that the real reason for the name "Beaver" is that one of the show's writers, Joe Connelly, had a shipmate named "The Beaver" in World War II; from that came the family's name, "Cleaver." Beaver's friends include the perpetually apple-munching Larry Mondello (Rusty Stevens) in the early seasons, and, later, Gilbert Bates (Stephen Talbot), as well as the old firefighter, Gus (Burt Mustin). His sweet-natured-but-no-nonsense elementary school teachers are Miss Canfield (to whom Beaver declares his love in the episode entitled "Beaver's Crush") (Diane Brewster), Miss Landers (Sue Randall) and Mrs. Rayburn (Doris Packer), the school's principal. In the early seasons, Beaver's nemesis in class is Judy Hensler (Jeri Weil). In its first season, Wally was in eighth grade and 12 years old, while Beaver was 7 and in second grade, a five-year age difference; in real life, the two actors were only three years apart. By the series' end, the boys were inexplicably only four years apart, with Wally graduating from high school and Beaver graduating from grammar school. Wally is popular with both peers and adults, getting into trouble much less frequently than some of the other characters. He letters in three sports. He has little difficulty attracting girlfriends, among them Mary Ellen Rogers (Pamela Baird) and Julie Foster (Cheryl Holdridge). His pals include the awkward Clarence "Lumpy" Rutherford (Frank Bank) and smart aleck Eddie Haskell (Ken Osmond), the archetype of the two-faced wise guy, a braggart among his peers and an obsequious yes man to the adults he mocks behind their backs. Eddie often picks on the Beaver. The family lives in the fictional town of Mayfield. Beaver attends Grant Ave. Grammar School and Wally attends Mayfield High School (after graduating from Grant Ave. in season one).
689	Jackal, The (1997)	Action, Thriller	A joint operation between the FBI and the MVD in Moscow leads to the killing of the younger brother of Azerbaijani mafia boss Terek Murad. In retaliation, Murad hires an ex-KGB asset, an international hitman operating under the codename "the Jackal", to assassinate an unidentified prominent American for $70 million. Two weeks later, the MVD capture and interrogate one of Murad's henchmen, Viktor Politovsky, and discover the assassination plot. The interrogation, coupled with recovered documents, leads the FBI and MVD to suspect that FBI Director Donald Brown is the intended target.Using a series of disguises and stolen or forged IDs, the Jackal prepares for the assassination attempt. FBI Deputy Director Carter Preston and Russian Police Major Valentina Koslova turn to imprisoned IRA sniper Declan Mulqueen for help. They believe that his former lover, a former ETA militant and fugitive named Isabella Zancona, can identify the Jackal. Mulqueen reveals that he also knows the Jackal and his methods and agrees to help in exchange for his release as well as U.S. citizenship and safe haven for Zancona. Mulqueen and Zancona want revenge on the Jackal after he wounded her in Libya, causing her to miscarry their unborn child. Zancona, now married, provides information to help identify the Jackal, including that he is a United States Army Special Forces veteran with combat experience from his stationing in El Salvador and describes him as sociopathic with no emotions. Zancona discreetly slips Mulqueen a key to a dropbox containing a clean passport and $10,000 cash to return to Ireland. However, Preston had earlier warned Mulqueen that if he ever escaped, refused to cooperate, or if an IRA squad tries to rescue him, he would be shot.Meanwhile, when the Jackal arrives in Montreal to collect a large caliber weapon, a contact notifies him that hijackers are pursuing it. The Jackal kills one hijacker with an extremely poisonous chemical and evades the others. He then hires Ian Lamont, a mechanic and small-time hoodlum, to build a control mount for the weapon. The Jackal demands that all design specs be turned over to him, and he also requires Lamont's complete confidentiality. When Lamont tries extorting more money, the Jackal kills him during a live-fire test of the weapon. The FBI discovers Lamont's remains and evidence that the Jackal intends to utilize a long-range heavy machine gun for the assassination. The Jackal sails across the Great Lakes to Chicago, where he escapes the FBI and almost kills Mulqueen, leading Mulqueen to deduce there is a mole tipping off the Jackal. They discover that the director of the Russian Embassy in Washington, D.C., gave the Jackal a direct access code to FBI records, allowing him to track down and kill Koslova and two FBI agents. Before dying, Koslova – passing on a taunt from the Jackal – tells Mulqueen that "[Declan] cannot protect his women".As the Jackal drives to Washington, D.C., Mulqueen deduces from the Jackal's mocking statement that his target is not Director Brown, but in fact the First Lady of the United States, who is scheduled to give a public speech. The Jackal, masquerading as a gay man, dates Douglas, a man he encountered earlier in a bar; unbeknownst to Douglas, he uses his garage to store his machine gun. When a news report exposes the Jackal's identity, he kills Douglas. On the date of the First Lady's speech, the weapon is hidden in a minivan parked near the speaker podium, with the Jackal planning to shoot the First Lady via remote control. However, before the Jackal can take his shot, Mulqueen uses a marksman's rifle to destroy the weapon's scope and takes off in pursuit of the Jackal, while the marksman blows up the van's fuel tank. The Jackal blindly opens fire before his vehicle is destroyed, and Preston is shot and wounded while tackling the First Lady to safety. Following a chase through the Washington Metro tunnels, Mulqueen confronts the Jackal, who is then shot from behind by Zancona; however, the Jackal's gun discharges a shot, and Mulqueen is also wounded. While Zancona tends to Mulqueen, the severely wounded Jackal retrieves a spare handgun: seeing this, Mulqueen grabs Zancona's pistol and shoots the assassin several times, finally killing him.A few days later, Preston and Mulqueen witness the Jackal's burial in an unmarked grave. Preston reveals that he is returning to Russia to pursue Terek Murad and his gang, and that Mulqueen's request to be released was denied but he will likely be moved to a minimum security prison. Preston also remarks that his heroics in saving the First Lady have made him "untouchable" within the FBI: knowing his current clout will prevent any backlash against him, he turns his back on Mulqueen, allowing him to go free.
690	Seven Years in Tibet (1997)	Drama, War	In 1939, Austrian mountaineer Heinrich Harrer leaves behind his pregnant wife to join Peter Aufschnaiter in a team attempting to summit Nanga Parbat in India (now part of Pakistan). When World War II begins in 1939, they are arrested by the British authorities for being enemy aliens, and are imprisoned in a prisoner-of-war camp in Dehradun in the Himalayan foothills, in the present-day Indian state of Uttarakhand. Harrer's wife, Ingrid, who has given birth to a son he has not seen, sends him divorce papers from Austria, by then annexed by Nazi Germany.In 1944, Harrer and Aufschnaiter escape the prison and cross into Tibet. After being initially rejected by the isolated nation, they manage to travel in disguise to the Tibetan capital city of Lhasa. They become the house guests of Tibetan diplomat Kungo Tsarong. The Tibetan senior official Ngawang Jigme also extends friendship to the two foreigners with gifts of custom-made Western suits.Aufschnaiter falls in love with the tailor, Pema Lhaki, and marries her. Harrer opts to remain single, both to focus on his new job of surveying the land and to avoid experiencing another failed relationship; much to the disappointment and dismay of his friends.In 1945, Harrer plans to return to Austria upon hearing of the war's end; but his son Rolf sends him a cold letter in which he says that he is not his father. This stops him from leaving Tibet. Soon afterwards, Harrer is invited to the Potala Palace and becomes the 14th Dalai Lama's tutor in world geography, science, and Western culture. They end up becoming friends.Meanwhile, political relations with the new Communist government of China sour as they make plans to take control of Tibet in replacement of the former central government, now defeated and retreated to Taiwan. Ngawang Jigme leads the Tibetan army at the border town of Chamdo to halt the advancing People's Liberation Army. However, he ends up surrendering and blows up the Tibetan ammunition dump after the one-sided Battle of Chamdo.During the treaty signing, Kungo Tsarong tells Harrer that if Jigme had not destroyed the weapons supply, the Tibetan guerrillas could have held the mountain passes for months or even years; long enough to appeal to other nations for help. He also states that, for Tibetans, capitulation is like a death sentence.As the Chinese occupy Tibet, Harrer condemns Ngawang Jigme for betraying his country, declaring their friendship over. Out of disgust and contempt, he further humiliates the senior official by returning the jacket that Ngawang Jigme gave him as a present, a grave insult in Tibetan culture; as well as by throwing him onto the ground before storming off.Harrer tries to convince the Dalai Lama to flee, but he refuses; not wanting to abandon his people in spite of the danger. However, he encourages Harrer to return to Austria and be a father to his son. After the enthronement ceremony, in which the Dalai Lama is formally enthroned as the spiritual and temporal leader of Tibet, Harrer bids his friends farewell and returns to Austria in 1951.Harrer's wife and her new husband almost don't recognize him for how different he is. Harrer's son, Rolf, bitterly refuses to meet him at first; but Harrer leaves a music box that the Dalai Lama gave him, and this piques the boy's interest. Years later, Harrer and Rolf (now a teenager) are seen mountain-climbing together, suggesting they have mended their relationship.
691	Dark City (1998)	Film-Noir, Sci-Fi, Thriller	John Murdoch awakens in a hotel bathtub with amnesia. He receives a phone call from Dr. Daniel Schreber, who urges him to flee the hotel to evade a group of men who are after him. In the room, Murdoch discovers the corpse of a ritualistically murdered woman and a bloody knife. He flees the scene, just as a group of pale men in trenchcoats ("the Strangers") arrive.Police Inspector Frank Bumstead, who is investigating murdered prostitutes, identifies Murdoch as a suspect. Following clues, Murdoch learns his name and finds out he has a wife named Emma. When the Strangers corner him, Murdoch instinctively alters reality (an ability the Strangers share and refer to as tuning) to create an escape path for himself.Murdoch wanders the streets of the city where it is perpetually nighttime but no one seems to notice. When the clock strikes twelve, Murdoch witnesses everyone else fall asleep and the Strangers use tuning to physically rearrange the city's architecture. Afterwards, assisted by Schreber, the Strangers change the inhabitants' memories using an injection containing the new memories. Murdoch learns that he came from a coastal town called Shell Beach, which everyone knows, though no one remembers how to get there and Murdoch's attempts to visit fail. The Strangers inject a copy of the memories given to Murdoch into one of their men, Mr. Hand, hoping it will help them predict Murdoch's movements and track him down.Inspector Bumstead catches Murdoch, though he acknowledges that Murdoch is most likely innocent, as he has misgivings about the city's nature. They confront Schreber, who explains the Strangers' nature. They are extraterrestrials residing in human corpses who share a hive mind, and are experimenting with humans to analyze individuality in hopes of making a discovery that will help their race to survive. Murdoch, as Schreber reveals, is an anomaly who inadvertently awoke before Schreber could implant his latest identity as a murderer.Murdoch and Bumstead take Schreber and attempt to reach Shell Beach but instead end up at a poster for the town on a wall at the edge of the city. Frustrated, Murdoch and Bumstead break through the wall, revealing outer space, just before some of the Strangers, including Mr. Hand, arrive with Emma as a hostage. In the ensuing fight, Bumstead and one of the Strangers fall through the hole and drift out into space, and the city is shown to be a deep space habitat surrounded by a force field.The Strangers bring Murdoch to their home beneath the city and force Schreber to imprint Murdoch with their collective memory, believing Murdoch to be the culmination of their experiments. Against their order, Schreber instead injects Murdoch with memories of decades of training about the Strangers, their machines, and tuning. Murdoch awakens with his powers fully realized. He frees himself and battles the Strangers, eventually defeating their leader Mr. Book in a psychokinetic fight high above the city.After learning from Schreber that Emma has been re-imprinted and cannot be restored, Murdoch employs his powers, amplified by the Strangers' machines, to create a real Shell Beach within the habitat. On his way home, Murdoch encounters a dying Mr. Hand and informs him that the Strangers searched in the wrong place—the mind—to understand humanity. He rotates the habitat toward the star it had been turned away from and the city experiences sunlight for the first time.Opening a door leading out of the city, Murdoch steps out to view the sunrise. On the pier in front of him is the woman he knew as Emma, who now has new memories and a new identity as Anna. Murdoch reintroduces himself and they walk to Shell Beach, beginning their relationship anew.
692	American President, The (1995)	Comedy, Drama, Romance	Popular Democratic U.S. President Andrew Shepherd prepares to run for re-election. The president and his staff, led by Chief of Staff and best friend A. J. MacInerney, attempt to consolidate the administration's 63% approval rating by passing a moderate crime control bill. However, support for the bill in both parties is tepid: conservatives reject it, and liberals think it is too weak. If passed, however, Shepherd's re-election is presumed to be guaranteed. Shepherd resolves to announce the bill, and have the Congressional support to pass it, by his State of the Union Address.When the widowed President's cousin Judith is sick and unable to act as hostess at a state dinner for the French president, Shepherd realizes his staff's public portrayal of him as lonely widower is true. Soon after, Shepherd meets and is attracted to Sydney Ellen Wade, a lawyer employed by an environmental lobbying firm working to pass legislation to substantially reduce carbon dioxide emissions. He invites Sydney to act as hostess (and his date) at the state dinner, where she charms the guests and shares a dance with Andy.During a meeting, Shepherd strikes a deal with Wade: if she can secure 24 votes for the environmental bill before his State of the Union Address, he will deliver the last ten. MacInerney believes Wade will fail to obtain enough votes, thus releasing Shepherd from responsibility if the bill fails to pass.Shepherd and Wade begin seeing each other and fall in love. Republican presidential hopeful Senator Bob Rumson steps up his attacks, focusing on Wade's activist past and maligning Shepherd's ethics and family values. The President's refusal to refute Rumson's aspersions lowers his approval ratings and erodes crucial political support that threatens the crime bill.Wade is dejected after her failed meeting with three Michigan congressmen to discuss the environmental bill. When she tells Shepherd about the meeting, she inadvertently mentions that the congressmen want to defeat both the President's crime bill and Wade's environmental bill. Shepherd and MacInerney are conflicted about how they obtained this sensitive information. However, they are unable to ignore the opportunity to pass the crime bill, even if it means the President going back on his deal with Wade.Eventually, Wade secures enough votes for the environmental bill while Shepherd is three short. He can only obtain them by shelving the environmental bill to solidify the three Michigan congressmen's votes for the crime bill, which he reluctantly agrees to do.Wade's firm fires her for failing to achieve their objectives and for seemingly jeopardizing her political reputation. She goes to see Shepherd to end their relationship and says she has a job opportunity in Hartford, Connecticut. While he defends the crime bill as his top priority, she criticizes it as weakly worded with little chance of preventing crime.Prior to the State of the Union Address, Shepherd makes a surprise appearance in the White House press room and rebukes Rumson's attacks on his values and character, as well as his relentless innuendos that Wade prostituted herself for political favors. He declares he will send the controversial environmental bill to Congress with a massive 20% cut in fossil fuels – far more than the 10% originally proposed. Furthermore, he is withdrawing the crime bill for a stronger one with significant gun control measures.Shepherd's passion galvanizes the press and his staff. Shepherd and Wade are reconciled, then she walks him to the doors of the House chamber where he enters to thunderous applause as he is about to deliver the State of the Union Address.
693	Casino (1995)	Drama	In 1973, sports handicapper and Mafia associate Sam "Ace" Rothstein is sent by the Chicago Outfit to Las Vegas to run the Tangiers Casino, with frontman Philip Green. He soon doubles the casino's profits, with the extra unaccounted-for cash skimmed directly from the casino count room and delivered to the Midwest Mafia bosses.Chicago boss Remo Gaggi sends Ace's childhood friend and mob enforcer Nicky Santoro to protect Ace, the cash skim, and casino. Nicky recruits his younger brother Dominick and childhood friend Frankie Marino to gather an experienced crew specializing in shakedowns and jewelry burglaries. Nicky's criminal activities in Las Vegas start drawing too much media and police attention, so he is eventually listed in the Black Book, banning him from every casino in Nevada.Ace meets and falls in love with beautiful con artist, showgirl, and former prostitute Ginger McKenna. They have a daughter, Amy, and marry. He entrusts Ginger with $2 million in cash and $1 million in jewelry. Still, their marriage is soon thrown into turmoil due to Ginger's relationship with her longtime boyfriend, hustler and pimp Lester Diamond. Ace has Nicky's crew beat Lester when they catch him accepting $25,000 from her. In 1976, Ace fires slot manager Don Ward for incompetence. Ward is brother-in-law to Clark County Commission chairman Pat Webb, who cannot convince Ace to re-hire him. Webb gets Ace's gaming license denied, jeopardizing the latter's position.Ace begins hosting a local television talk show inside the casino, irritating Nicky and the bosses back home for bringing more unneeded attention. Ace blames Nicky's reckless lawbreaking for the ongoing pressure from the police and state government, which leads to an argument between them in the desert. Ace's attempts to get Nicky to leave Las Vegas only further strain their friendship. When the Midwest bosses discover people on the inside are stealing from their skim, they install incompetent Kansas City underboss Artie Piscano to oversee the operation. Disobeying orders, he keeps detailed written records of the operation. Additionally, an FBI bug placed in Artie's grocery store records him talking in detail about the skim, prompting a full investigation into the Tangiers Casino.In 1980, Ginger kidnaps Amy to flee to Europe with her and Lester. Ace convinces Ginger to return with Amy, then overhears phoning a hit on him. Enraged, he kicks her out of their home but relents and forgives her. Ginger confides in Nicky about the situation, and they start an affair. Ace soon finds out, as do private investigators. Nicky ends things with Ginger once she asks him to kill Ace and threatens to go to the FBI. She leaves Ace, with all of her money and jewelry. In 1982, the FBI discovers Artie's records, closes the Tangiers, and Green agrees to cooperate. They approach Ace for help, showing him photos of Nicky and Ginger together, but he turns them down. The Chicago bosses are arrested, get ready for trial, and arrange hits on anyone who might testify against them.In 1983, Ginger, whose personal fortune was squandered by lowlife associates, dies of a hot dose in Los Angeles. That same year, Ace narrowly survives a car bomb, suspecting Nicky to be the man responsible for it as the attempt was not professional enough for the bosses to have ordered it. Before Ace can take revenge, the bosses order Nicky and Dominick killed in 1986. They are ambushed by their own crew, brutally beaten with baseball bats and buried alive in a shallow grave in a remote Illinois cornfield.With the Mafia now out of the casino industry, nearly all the old casinos are purchased by big corporations and demolished, and new casinos are built with money from junk bonds. Ace laments the new impersonal, corporate-run resorts of Las Vegas. Because of his status as a reliable and high earner for the outfit, Ace is allowed to live; he moves to San Diego and returns to sports handicapping.
694	Persuasion (1995)	Romance	A naval ship carries Admiral Croft, while a horse and buggy carries Mr Shepherd and his daughter Mrs Clay to Kellynch Hall. Shepherd and Clay are accosted by creditors over the debts owed by the residence's owner, Sir Walter Elliot, while Croft discusses the end of the Napoleonic Wars with fellow navy officers. Sir Walter, a vain foppish baronet, is faced with financial ruin unless he retrenches. Though he initially opposes the idea, he eventually agrees to temporarily move to Bath while the hall is let; the idea came from Shepherd, family friend, Lady Russell, and Sir Walter's second eldest daughter, the intelligent Anne.Anne is upset that the new Kellynch Hall tenant is Admiral Croft, whose brother-in-law is Frederick Wentworth—a naval captain. Nine years earlier, Lady Russell persuaded Anne to decline his marriage proposal due to his lack of prospects and connections. Wentworth is now wealthy from serving in the Wars, and has returned to England, presumably to find a wife. Later, Anne expresses to Lady Russell her unhappiness at her family's current financial predicament, and regrets rejecting the captain's marriage proposal. While the family goes to Bath, Anne visits her other sister Mary, a hypochondriac who married into an influential farming family living at the estate of Uppercross. Anne patiently listens to the many various complaints confided in her by each of the Musgrove family: Mary's husband Charles, sisters-in-law Louisa and Henrietta, and parents-in-law Mr and Mrs Musgrove.Captain Wentworth comes to dine with the Musgroves, but Anne avoids going by volunteering to nurse Mary's injured son. The following morning at breakfast, Anne and Mary are briefly visited by Wentworth, the first time he and Anne have met since her rejection. Anne later hears that Wentworth thought her so altered that he "would not have known [her] again". Wentworth, along with his sister and brother-in-law, becomes a regular guest at Uppercross. His manners are relaxed and charming, but he avoids direct contact with Anne. Louisa and Henrietta openly flirt with Wentworth, unaware of his and Anne's past relationship. This causes upset with Henrietta’s suitor, Henry Hayter. During a walk to his hometown of Winthrop, the couple reconnect and Anne overhears Wentworth praising Louisa’s strength of will. He also learns that Anne had received a marriage offer from Charles, which she rejected. Charles then wed Mary. Anne, Wentworth, and the younger Musgroves travel to Lyme to visit Wentworth's old naval friends, Captain Harville and Captain Benwick. Benwick, whose fiancée, Phoebe Harville, died only a few months earlier is deep in mourning, but finds solace in poetry. Anne spends her time talking to him and cheering him somewhat, though she expresses concern about his deep depression. On the last day, a handsome stranger crosses their path and seems taken with Anne. They later discover the man is William Elliot, their estranged cousin and heir to Kellynch Hall. During a final walk along the sea shore, Louisa jumps from a high stone staircase, expecting Wentworth to catch her. She suffers a serious head injury. Anne remains calm and takes charge during the chaos. Louisa is taken to the Harvilles' house to await a local surgeon. Despite Wentworth’s wish that Anne stay to nurse Louisa, both yield to Mary’s protest and the captain takes Henrietta and Anne to Uppercross to raise the alarm before returning to Lyme himself. Anne leaves for Bath shortly after receiving the news that Louisa will survive her injuries.  Anne’s family coolly welcome her. Sir Walter and eldest daughter, Elizabeth, reveal they have repaired their relationship with Mr Elliot. Much to Lady Russell's pleasure, the charming Mr. Elliot begins pursuing Anne, who remains uncertain of his true character. She is thrilled to discover the Crofts have arrived at Bath. The Admiral brings surprising news: Louisa has recovered and become engaged to Captain Benwick. Wentworth arrives in Bath and encounters Anne on several occasions. Though their conversations are brief, and usually interrupted, she begins to suspect that his feelings are returning. The Musgroves, along with Harville, arrive in Bath to buy wedding clothes for the sisters, bringing the pair together more often. While Anne struggles with how to communicate her continuing attachment to the captain, everyone expects her to wed Mr Elliot.  Visiting her old friend, Mrs. Smith, Anne learns that Mr. Elliot is bankrupt and is only interested in marrying her to help ensure his inheritance from her father. Anne also is told that Mr. Elliot wishes to keep the baronet from possibly marrying Mrs Clay to produce a male heir.   During a morning at the Musgroves' inn, Anne and Captain Harville discuss the constancy of love. Wentworth, sitting nearby and writing a letter, overhears them. Before leaving, he pointedly leaves a note for Anne. He declares that he has never stopped loving her and once again proposes marriage. Anne quickly finds him waiting outside. That night at a party, Wentworth arrives to announce Anne has accepted his proposal, much to Mr. Elliot's consternation. Later, Wentworth and Anne, now married, are seen aboard a navy warship, happy to be together.
695	Kicking and Screaming (1995)	Comedy, Drama	A group of college graduates in the fictional town of Munton refuse to move on with their lives, each in their own peculiar way.
696	City Hall (1996)	Drama, Thriller	New York City Mayor John Pappas makes a speech. His admiring deputy mayor Kevin Calhoun watches and narrates the scene. Meanwhile, NYPD Detective Eddie Santos and mob figure Tino Zapatti kill each other in a shootout on a Brooklyn street corner. A stray bullet from Zapatti's gun also kills a 6-year-old boy.Tino was the nephew of mob boss Paul Zapatti, and questions are raised about why he was free on probation. To contain the outrage, Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun investigates. Internal Affairs intends to portray Santos as a dirty cop. Detective's Endowment Association lawyer Marybeth Cogan does her best to protect Santos's family and becomes Calhoun's reluctant ally.Calhoun's investigation leads to Frank Anselmo, a Brooklyn political boss who has connections to the Zapatti family. Anselmo plants money at Zapatti's behest to frame Santos. Calhoun and Cogan continue to seek the truth from a number of sources, including Santos's partner and another Zapatti relative. After the murder of probation officer Larry Schwartz, they conclude that Judge Walter Stern is receiving illegal income. Mayor Pappas agrees that Stern must resign.The scandal escalates to Zapatti instructing Anselmo to die by suicide rather than become an informant or go to jail. To protect his family, Anselmo shoots himself. Calhoun discovers that Stern owes his judgeship to a bribe that Anselmo delivered on behalf of the Zapattis to keep Tito out of jail. Pappas engineered the scheme. Shocked and disheartened, Calhoun tells Pappas that he must resign. Although Pappas wants to fight the imminent scandal, he admires Calhoun's integrity and acquiesces.Calhoun soon runs for New York City's 6th City Council district, determined to make the city a better place.
697	Basketball Diaries, The (1995)	Drama	Teenager Jim Carroll is a drug-addicted high school basketball player who regularly gets into mischief with his friends Pedro, Mickey, and Neutron on the streets of New York City and at school. Outside of basketball, Jim shows an artistic interest in writing; keeping his work in his journal while expressing his thoughts and creating poetry.Jim's best friend, Bobby, is dying of leukemia. Jim frequently visits him in the hospital. Later, after a trip to a strip show cut short by an annoyed Bobby, he dies, and Jim and his friends attend his funeral days later. Following the funeral, Jim and his friends go to the basketball court and reminisce about Bobby's life. Depressed over Bobby's death, Jim begins to use heroin.At basketball practice, Jim's coach Swifty sees Jim in the bathroom showers when he takes a short break to get high, where he then gropes him and offers to pay him for sex, after which Jim forcefully shoves him away. As Jim's frustrations with school and life grow over time, he imagines shooting his classmates. The next day, before a game, Jim, Pedro, and Mickey take pills from Pedro's hat, hoping they are stimulants. Neutron refuses the pills and confronts Jim about his growing habit. The pills are downers, and they cause the boys to perform disastrously during the game. Father McNulty, who notices the boys engaging in drug use, tells Jim and Mickey that they are suspended for a week, while Swifty tells Jim that he is now banned from playing basketball for his school again. Jim and Mickey, in response, resign from the team and drop out of school, while Neutron stays on.After exposing his stash of drugs, Jim's religious mother disowns him and exiles a depressed Jim out of their apartment. Jim, Mickey, and Pedro from then on only live for their next score as homeless addicts; one later excursion has them break into a candy shop for money. Mickey finds a gun in the cash register and takes it. Hearing sirens, Jim and Mickey escape, but Pedro, too high and hungover to realize the situation, is left behind and arrested. Jim continues a desperate life of shady dealings and getting high with Mickey, and by the coming winter, passes out in the snow high on heroin. Jim's friend Reggie, who sympathizes with Jim over his predicament having been in a similar situation, finds him, takes him to his apartment, and forces him to painfully abstain and detox, but Jim relapses, taking money from Reggie for more drugs before he leaves.Back on the street, Jim is desperate for more drugs and resorts to prostituting himself at a public restroom. Later, Jim and Mickey buy heroin, but discover that the dealer ripped them off. Enraged, Mickey corners the dealer on the roof of an apartment building. He accidentally pushes him off the roof to his death. Mickey tries to escape, but is beaten by a gang and then arrested; he is later tried as an adult and convicted. After escaping, with nowhere else to go, Jim returns to his mother’s apartment. After refusing to give the money to Jim, she reports him to the police. He sobs uncontrollably before two police officers arrive and drag him into custody. Jim is convicted and sentenced to six months' incarceration at Rikers Island for assault, robbery, resisting arrest, and possession of narcotics. There, he spends much of the time in jail writing in a diary and getting clean.Six months later, Jim approaches a stage door to give a poetry reading. He encounters Pedro, who has been released from reform school. Pedro offers him a bag of drugs, which Jim refuses. Jim later recites his work before an audience and receives applause.
698	Browning Version, The (1994)	Drama	Andrew Crocker-Harris is a veteran teacher of Greek and Latin at a British public school. After nearly 20 years of service, he is being forced to retire on the pretext of his health, and perhaps may not even be given a pension. He is disliked or ignored by the other teachers and while his pupils fear his relentlessly strict discipline, they are bored by his dictatorial but dreary and uninspiring teaching methods. His younger wife Laura, whom he has sexually and emotionally neglected, is unfaithful, and now lives to wound him any way she can. She is having an affair with Frank, an eager, young American science teacher who is highly popular with his pupils, much more lenient with classroom rules yet is able to connect with the pupils. In his final class, Andrew, while reading from a Greek play, finally shows some genuine passion about the subject, giving a glimpse at the teacher he could have been. Andrew's nervous new replacement Tom expresses his awe at the ironclad control that the former exerts over his classes, but Andrew advises his young colleague not to follow his example.As his retirement at the end of the school term draws near, Andrew is approached by a quiet and sensitive pupil named Taplow who has detected the unhappiness and loneliness of his teacher and makes an attempt to reach out to him, saying that Andrew's Latin teachings have inspired him. Taplow gives Andrew a gift – a rare copy of an early edition of the 'Browning Version' – the 1877 translation by Robert Browning of Aeschylus' ancient play Agamemnon. Touched by this gesture, Andrew's emotional guard begins to be let down for the first time. Increasingly aware of Andrew's isolation, Frank feels guilty about the affair with Laura and ends the relationship. Shortly before the end-of-term school assembly in which Andrew will make his farewell speech, Laura tells her husband that she wants their marriage to end and that she intends to leave him.The school's senior staff want Andrew to make his speech first, to be followed by the farewell speech of a younger, more popular teacher who is leaving to pursue a career as a cricketer. But Andrew insists on going second, even though the headmaster angrily says that it will give the ceremony an 'anti-climax'. To the surprise of everyone, including Laura who has lingered to watch the event, Andrew's speech is highly emotional and revelatory, apologising for his failures both as a teacher and as a person. Moved by the speech, the pupils and staff give Andrew a huge applause.Andrew, as a parting gesture of gratitude, tells Taplow that he has organised a place for him in Frank's science class which the pupil had been eager to join. Laura has a newfound sense of respect for her husband and the two part on good terms. As he watches Laura drive away, Andrew sadly but calmly faces the next phase of his life.
699	Little Women (1994)	Drama	The March sisters—responsible Meg, tempestuous Jo, tender Beth, and romantic Amy—are growing up in Concord, Massachusetts during and after the American Civil War. Their father is away fighting in the war and, with their strong-willed mother, Marmee, they struggle with major and minor problems in 19th-century New England. The girls revel in performing Jo's romantic plays in their attic theater.Next-door neighbor, wealthy Mr. Laurence's grandson, Theodore ("Laurie"), moves in, becoming a close friend of the Marches, particularly Jo. Mr. Laurence mentors Beth, whose exquisite piano-playing reminds him of his deceased daughter, and Meg falls in love with Laurie's tutor, John Brooke.When Mr. March is wounded, Jo sells her hair so Marmee can go by train to nurse him back to health. While she is away, Beth continues visiting a struggling immigrant family, providing food and firewood. She contracts scarlet fever from the youngest child. Awaiting Marmee's return, Meg and Jo, who both previously survived scarlet fever, decide to send Amy away to live safely with their Aunt March. Amy laments to Laurie that she may die without ever being kissed. He promises to kiss her before she dies if she becomes ill.Prior to Beth's illness, Jo had been Aunt March's companion for several years, and although she didn't enjoy it, she hoped she would take her to Europe. Beth gets worse, so Marmee returns home, nursing her to recovery in time for Christmas, but the illness severely weakens her. Mr. Laurence gives his daughter's piano to Beth, Meg accepts John Brooke's proposal and Mr. March surprises them, returning home from the war.Four years pass; a now twenty years old Meg and John marry, and eighteen-year-old Beth's health is worsening. Graduating from college, Laurie proposes to nineteen year old Jo and asks her to go to London with him but, seeing him more as a brother than a lover, she refuses. Jo is disappointed when Aunt March decides to take seventeen-year-old Amy with her to Europe instead of her. She has been Aunt March's companion and wishes to further her artistic training in Europe. Crushed, Jo departs for New York City to pursue writing and experience life. There she meets Friedrich Bhaer, a German professor who challenges and stimulates her intellectually, introducing her to opera and philosophy, and encouraging her to write better stories than the lurid Victorian melodramas she has penned so far.In Europe, Amy is reunited with Laurie. Disappointed to find he has become dissolute and irresponsible; she scolds him for pursuing her merely to become part of the March family. In return, he bitterly rebukes her for courting one of his wealthy college friends to marry into money. He asks Amy to wait for him in a letter while he works in London for his grandfather and makes himself worthy.Jo is called home for Beth, who finally dies of the after-effects of scarlet fever. A saddened Jo retreats to the comfort of the attic, writing her life story. Upon its completion, she sends it to Professor Bhaer. Meanwhile, Meg has twins Demi and Daisy.A letter from Amy tells them Aunt March is too ill to travel, so Amy must remain in Europe with her. In London, Laurie receives a letter from Jo about Beth's death, saying Amy is in Vevey, Switzerland, unable to come home. He immediately goes to be at Amy's side. They finally return to the March home as spouses, to Jo's surprise and eventual delight.Aunt March dies, leaving Jo her house. She turns it into a school. Professor Bhaer arrives with the printed galley proofs of her manuscript but, believing Jo is married, he departs to catch a train to the West, to accept a professorship. Jo runs after him, explaining the misunderstanding. She begs him not to go. He then proposes to her, and she happily accepts.
700	Miami Rhapsody (1995)	Comedy	Gwyn Marcus is in her late twenties and has always wanted a marriage like her parents. She has just accepted the proposal of her boyfriend Matt, but she has some misgivings about their future together. Her fear of commitment grows as she learns of the various affairs that her family is having. At first, her sister Leslie gets married. Then, six months later, she starts an affair with her old high-school boyfriend, due to her husband's cheapness, despite making a big salary, and constantly busy schedule with his football career. Her brother Jordan, already married, starts an affair with his business partner's wife, due to the missing passion between him and his wife, after giving birth to their first child. Her mother is growing concerned about Gwyn's being the last single person in the family, despite the fact that she is also having an affair with her mother's (Gwyn's grandmother's) nurse, Antonio, due to the constant arguments between her and her father, including the fact that he also had an affair with an insane travel agent. But the more she thinks about marriage, the more she must search for the balance between career, marriage, and family.
701	Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl, The (1993)	Documentary	The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl (German: Die Macht der Bilder: Leni Riefenstahl) is a 1993 German documentary film about the life of German film director Leni Riefenstahl, directed by Ray Müller.
702	Barcelona (1994)	Comedy, Romance	The club played in the 1994-95 season in La Liga, Copa del Rey and UEFA Champions League.
703	Widows' Peak (1994)	Drama	In the 1920s, English war widow Mrs. Edwina Broome moves to the Irish village of Kilshannon, into the exclusive enclave derisively called "Widows' Peak" by the locals. Mrs. Doyle-Counihan, widowed twice, upholds with an iron will the rental terms for the property under her control—left to her by her deceased husband—as well as maintaining a tight grip on her adult son, Godfrey. The rental terms prohibit children under adulthood, males of any kind (with an exception for Godfrey), and married or single ladies (with the puzzling exception of Miss Katherine O’Hare).An impoverished spinster with an outspoken dislike for the English, Katherine O'Hare runs a boarding house, yet is tolerated by the clique of snobbish wealthy widows.  When Colin Clancy, the new dentist, becomes besotted with Katherine, Mrs. Doyle-Counihan warns her against past indiscretions.At a welcome tea party for Edwina, Katherine shows antipathy toward her for being English, persistently prying into Edwina’s reason for coming to Ireland. Edwina explains that after her husband’s death she took a house in Antibes in the French Riviera, where she said she had to dodge fortune hunters. Mrs. Doyle-Counihan immediately targets the wealthy widow for her son Godfrey.A series of hostile encounters leads to a feud between Katherine and Edwina, culminating in Edwina's claiming that Katherine tampered with her car, causing it to roll down a hill, narrowly missing her and Godfrey; and Katherine's claiming that Edwina purposely rammed into and damaged Katherine’s boat during a regatta. Katherine insists that unbalanced Edwina staged events to implicate her and is planning to murder her.At the regatta, Katherine encounters an English naval officer, whom she pumps for more information, who says he recognizes Edwina from Antibes. Determined to bring Katherine down, Edwina questions local gossip Maddy O’Hara and learns that Katherine had borne a baby out of wedlock. When Colin Clancy receives an anonymous letter informing him of Katherine’s past, he breaks up with her.Katherine retaliates by crashing Edwina’s and Godfrey’s engagement party, confessing that she had been pressured to give up her baby for adoption by the widows who claimed that her unmarried motherhood would be an offense to "good living women." As part of the bargain for giving up her baby, she had been provided a cottage in which to live. Katherine then announces that the naval officer at the regatta had recognized Edwina from a brothel in Antibes. Investigating further, Katherine learned that Edwina is an impostor, not the real Mrs. Edwina Broome, whose letter she brandishes. Edwina admits the accusations and promptly leaves.Shortly afterward, Edwina is seen confronting Katherine aboard her boat, and the two women are seen physically struggling. Subsequently Edwina is found alone on the boat and Katherine goes missing for days. Led by Mrs. Doyle-Counihan, local gossips accuse Edwina of having killed Katherine. Questioned by police, Edwina is unable to give an explanation beyond saying that Katherine just left. When Katherine’s purse is found in the water, Edwina says Katherine just dropped her purse in the water as she left. Eventually Mrs. Doyle-Counihan publicly proclaims that Edwina murdered Katherine and spreads hand-bills demanding that Edwina be tried and hanged. During a public meeting to demand justice, Katherine shows up, claiming that she left Edwina on the boat and has been staying with her cousin as a refuge from the scandals at Widows’ Peak. Deciding to move in with her cousin, she had returned to sell her boat and only then learned of the accusations of her murder.Edwina’s lawyer now files a hefty defamation lawsuit against Mrs. Doyle-Counihan and several others who falsely proclaimed her a murderer.  Mrs. Doyle-Counihan consoles herself that Godfrey will always be there for her. Godfrey is next seen fleeing with a suitcase toward his boat.The scene now cuts to a lavish nightclub where Colin Clancy greets the stylishly dressed “Mrs. Clancy”—the former Katherine O’Hare. “Edwina”, her grown baby, is there with her husband—the “naval officer” who told the story of Edwina being a prostitute in Antibes. The four of them have pulled off a lucrative scam to take financial revenge on the judgmental widows who have treated Katherine and her baby so harshly.
704	House of the Spirits, The (1993)	Drama, Romance	The story is narrated by Blanca Trueba, a young woman from a powerful Chilean family.=== 1926 ===Blanca's mother, Clara del Valle is a child from a well-off family in Santiago whose father is running for the Senate. Clara possesses clairvoyant abilities and foresees her own marriage to Esteban Trueba, a miner.Esteban uses the gold he found from mining to buy a hacienda, Tres Marías. He employs natives to work as peasants on the dilapidated land, eventually turning Tres Marías into a successful estate through his use of brute force. One day while horseback riding through the countryside, he sees a peasant girl, Pancha García. Esteban rapes Pancha, resulting in the illegitimate birth of a boy. He also spends nights with Tránsito, a local prostitute to whom he lends money so she can start a new career in the capital.=== 1946 ===Twenty years later, Esteban’s sister Férula informs him that their ailing mother has died. At his mother’s funeral, Esteban sees a grown Clara and reacquaints himself with her. The couple marry, and Clara and Férula become especially close, with Clara allowing Férula to come live with her and her new husband at Tres Marías.Clara eventually gives birth to a girl, naming her Blanca. One day, Pancha García appears at the family estate with her now teenaged son, Esteban García, asking his father for money. Esteban Trueba gives them some money but harshly turns them away. Esteban’s rejection leads his son Esteban, to nurse a resentment against his father and Blanca.Meanwhile, Blanca befriends one of the peasant children, Pedro Tercero, the young son of Esteban's foreman Segundo. Esteban disapproves of his daughter playing with a peasant boy and sends her to a boarding school.=== 1962 ===After graduating from boarding school, Blanca returns to Tres Marías and reunites with Pedro, meeting him by the river every night. Férula continues to live with the family and has become a rival to her brother for Clara’s affections. Esteban throws Férula out of the house when he catches her and Clara asleep in the same bed. Before leaving, Férula curses Esteban to eternal loneliness.Esteban catches Pedro preaching revolutionary ideas that are critical of wealthy landowners like him to the peasant workers. He punishes Pedro with a whipping and banishment from Tres Marías. That night at dinner, Clara and Blanca see a vision of Férula while having dinner. Férula kisses Clara on the forehead before calmly walking out. Realizing Férula has died, Clara drives into town to find Férula dead in her modest home. In a moment alone with Férula, Clara tells her how much she and Blanca miss her, and how proud she would be of Blanca.Blanca continues to meet Pedro in secret. Jean de Satigny, a French nobleman who aspires to go into business with Esteban, sees Blanca and Pedro in a tryst at the river and rats her out to her father. Esteban punishes Blanca by whipping her and vows to go after Pedro. He strikes Clara when she points out his hypocrisy—having himself slept with women not of his own class—after which Clara vows never to speak to him again. She leaves Tres Marías with Blanca to live in Santiago.Esteban offers a monetary reward for anyone who can reveal Pedro's whereabouts to him. Esteban García, unrecognized by his father, aids in helping to find Pedro. Pedro is able to escape from Esteban, who declines to give a reward to his son. Esteban later learns Blanca is pregnant with Pedro's child, and he goes to her house to falsely tell her that he murdered Pedro. Clara makes Esteban leave and reassures Blanca that Pedro is indeed alive, but they won't be reunited for some time because he needs to flee to safety. Years later, Esteban goes to Clara and apologizes for his actions. Though she maintains some distance from him, she does allow him to meet their seven-year-old granddaughter Alba and to be a part of her and Blanca’s lives again.=== 1973 ===Esteban is now a senator in the Conservative Party, while Pedro is a leader with the People's Front. Despite Esteban’s success, he is lonely and finds comfort in the arms of Tránsito, who now runs a high-class prostitution establishment. Esteban believes his party will win the election as usual, but the People’s Front ends up gaining control of the government. Clara passes away after gently explaining to Alba that she has always been in touch with spirits on the other side and will be in contact with the rest of the family.A conspiracy between Conservative Party members and the military leads to a coup d'état, 11 de Septiembre, and the military seizes control of the country. Under military control, people associated with the People's Front are captured and even killed. The police come and arrest Blanca for her association with Pedro Tercero. Before Blanca is taken away, she tells Esteban that Pedro is the love of her life, just as Clara was his. She appeals to Esteban to use his political influence to help find asylum for Pedro outside Chile so the three of them can be a family. In the coming days, Blanca is tortured and sexually abused by her half-brother, Esteban García, who had joined the military with his father's help.Esteban decides to honor his daughter's wishes and helps to find exile for Pedro in Canada. He also turns to Tránsito, who as an influential madam has connections to high-level military figures, to help free Blanca. One morning, a beaten Blanca finally arrives back at her home. A grateful Esteban tells her that Pedro is waiting for her and Alba in Canada, and hopes his help can make up for the damage his actions wrought on his family.
705	Singin' in the Rain (1952)	Musical, Romance	In 1927, silent film stars Don Lockwood and Lina Lamont attend the premiere of their latest film, The Royal Rascal, produced by Hollywood studio Monumental Pictures. On the red carpet, Don tells the story of his rise to stardom, claiming to have grown up cultured and highly educated. His words are contradicted by flashbacks showing his humble roots as a hoofer, vaudeville musician and stuntman alongside his childhood best friend and longtime collaborator Cosmo Brown (accompanied by the song "Fit as a Fiddle"). Don also expresses his admiration for Lina, feeding rumors of a secret romance between them. In reality, the rumors are a publicity stunt and Don barely tolerates Lina, although she believes that he loves her.After the premiere, Don is mobbed by fans and escapes by jumping into a passing car driven by Kathy Selden. Kathy reluctantly gives Don a lift. She claims to be a theatre actress and expresses disdain for film acting, particularly Don's hammy performances. Don responds by mocking her acting aspirations, and they part on bad terms.Don arrives at the afterparty, where Monumental Pictures' CEO R. F. Simpson shows a demonstration of a talking picture, though his guests dismiss it as a fad. A group of chorus girls then performs, Kathy among them ("All I Do is Dream of You"). Furious at Don's teasing, Kathy throws a cake at him, but it hits Lina instead. In the confusion, Kathy runs away.Three weeks later, Don has searched unsuccessfully for Kathy. Cosmo tries to cheer Don up ("Make 'Em Laugh"). Lina reveals that she had Kathy fired, infuriating Don. Cosmo finds Kathy working as an extra in another Monumental Pictures film ("Beautiful Girl"). Kathy admits to actually being a fan of Don's, while Don professes his love for her ("You Were Meant for Me").When Warner Bros. releases its first talking picture, The Jazz Singer, and it is an enormous hit, R. F. decides he has to convert the next Lockwood and Lamont film, The Dueling Cavalier, into a talkie. Lina and Don take elocution lessons ("Moses Supposes"), but the production is beset with difficulties, most notably Lina's grating, high-pitched voice and unfamiliarity with the new recording technology. The film's preview screening is a failure due to multiple complications, including awkward microphone placements, Don's uninspired improvising and the audio going out of synchronization.Later that night, Kathy and Cosmo suggest The Dueling Cavalier be turned into a musical ("Good Morning"), and Cosmo, inspired by the film's synchronization error, suggests that Kathy dub Lina's voice. Don happily agrees, then takes Kathy home and dances through her neighborhood in the rain ("Singin' in the Rain"). Don and Cosmo pitch their idea to R. F., changing the title of the film to The Dancing Cavalier and adding a modern framing device ("Broadway Melody"). R. F. approves but tells them not to inform Lina of Kathy's involvement.Don helps Kathy dub Lina's lines ("Would You"), but Lina is tipped off by another actress. When Lina realizes that Don and Kathy are in love and learns that R. F. intends to give Kathy a screen credit for her dubbing, she gives interviews across Hollywood promoting her (non-existent) vocal talent. A clause in Lina's contract allows her to sue the studio for negative press, so R. F is forced to leave Kathy uncredited and agree to Lina's demand that Kathy continue anonymously dubbing for her.The premiere of The Dancing Cavalier is a success, but when the audience clamors for Lina to sing live, Don, Cosmo, and R. F. tell her to lip sync into a microphone while Kathy, concealed behind the curtain, sings into a second microphone. While Lina is "singing" ("Singin' in the Rain Reprise"), the men raise the curtain, revealing the ruse. Lina and Kathy both flee, but Don has the audience stop Kathy and proudly announces that she is "the real star of the picture" ("You Are My Lucky Star"). Some time later, Kathy and Don kiss in front of a billboard for their new film, Singin' in the Rain.
706	Bad Moon (1996)	Horror	During a work expedition in Nepal, photo-journalists Ted Harrison and his girlfriend Marjorie are attacked by a werewolf. The werewolf snatches Marjorie and Ted attempts to rescue her but gets bitten in the shoulder. He manages to kill the werewolf with his shotgun, but not before it kills Marjorie.Seeking isolation, Ted moves into a trailer in the woods. Eventually, he invites his sister, Janet, and his nephew, Brett, to a meal at his home by the lake. Upon seeing him, the family dog, Thor, runs into the woods. Picking up a scent, Thor is led to human remains hanging from a tree branch. Meanwhile, Ted lies to Janet, telling her that Marjorie left him and went back to Seattle. Janet invites him to stay with them but he declines and insists they leave before sunset.The next day, authorities investigate the remains of several missing hikers and a Forest Ranger, found in the woods near Ted’s trailer. Fearful of being found guilty, Ted calls Janet and accepts her offer. Upon arrival, Thor is again suspicious of Ted and acts hostile towards him. Later that evening, Thor follows Ted into the woods and finds him turned into a werewolf and handcuffed to a tree. Meanwhile, Janet goes into the woods looking for Thor. Aware of the danger, Thor leads her safely back to the house.The next morning, Janet sees a news report of the killings and confronts her brother about not telling her his motive for accepting her invitation and asks him to stay permanently. Ted tries to warn her by advising she pay attention to Thor’s sudden behavior changes. He also hints that the murders had been done by a wolf. She ignores him. Later, as the sun sets, he leaves his trailer in hopes of chaining himself up again. Thor, knowing what is happening, barks until Brett lets him out of the house. He runs to the woods to find that Ted was too late in handcuffing himself. Thor follows Ted’s trail back to the backyard and Ted attacks him but the dog fights back. Janet wakes up and turns on the deck lights, scaring Ted away. She sees an injured Thor and calls the Sheriff; however, when she goes to Ted's trailer to tell him, she finds a book about werewolves, with gruesome pictures of Marjorie's body and some of Ted's victims attached to it. She also finds a journal in which Ted details his turmoil with not finding a cure for his "disease” and his hopes of finding peace near his family. Later that night, the traveling salesman who had previously tried to frame Thor for an attack, returns to Janet’s yard with the intention of killing Thor, but is instead fatally wounded by Ted.The sheriff questions Janet about Thor and informs her of the salesman being attacked by a wild animal; his mutilated body was found near her property. She asks if it could have been a wolf, but the sheriff dismisses it and advises her to send Thor to the dog pound. Not believing Thor could be the killer, she confronts Ted, who provokes Thor to attack him. As a result, Thor is taken to the pound. Ted urinates on Thor's doghouse and is hostile towards Brett.That night, Janet confronts Ted in the woods. He accuses her of not listening to his warnings and knowing the truth all along. As he transforms, she flees back to the house and retrieves a revolver hidden in the kitchen. Meanwhile, Brett manages to sneak out and free Thor from the dog pound. Thor returns home just as Ted is about to attack Janet. A vicious fight ensues, ending with Ted throwing Thor across the room, seemingly killing him. Brett, having returned home, is nearly strangled by Ted, but Janet fires several rounds into him. Then, Thor throws himself at Ted, knocking them both through the window and into the yard. Ted, severely injured, retreats into the woods, but Thor tracks him until sunrise. Ted, now human, emerges from behind a tree and tells a reluctant Thor to "do it.” Thor kills Ted. After, Janet apologizes to Thor for taking him to the pound. Suddenly, Thor as a werewolf growls at her, but it just turns out to be a nightmare; Janet, Brett, and Thor are healing from their ordeal.
707	Enchanted April (1991)	Drama	Following World War I, Rose Arbuthnot and Lotty Wilkins, unacquainted, belong to the same ladies' club. Lotty sees Rose sigh wistfully after reading a newspaper advertisement to "those who appreciate wisteria and sunshine" for rental of a small Italian castle. Impulsively, Lotty approaches Rose, suggesting they share a month's expenses as a break from domestic tedium. Initially wary, Rose begins to fancy the idea of a vacation from her unhappy marriage. Advertising for two reputable ladies to share expenses, they find the elegant but peevish elderly Mrs. Fisher and the beautiful, aloof, and wealthy Lady Caroline Dester.Rose's husband, Frederick, authors erotic novels under a pseudonym, and they have grown distant due to her disapproval. Rose is unaware he moves in a literary circle frequenting the salon of Lady Dester, mother of Lady Caroline. Frederick is careful to keep his extramarital escapades discreet; thus Rose is unaware he has designs on Caroline.Fed up with "grabbers" latching onto her for her celebrated beauty and wealth, Caroline seeks a month's refuge at San Salvatore. Tired of always being the centre of attention, she initially secludes herself from the other renters, relaxing in the lush landscape.Lotty's bored frugal husband, Mellersh, concentrates on business and networking. He tracks her expenses to the penny but neglects her. Inconveniently, Mellersh suggests they take a holiday. Uncharacteristically asserting herself, Lotty replies she has been invited on holiday by an acquaintance and will go there instead. She does not disclose she is paying her expenses with money saved from her household allowance.Mrs. Fisher, a widow rigid in her ways, immerses herself in memories, rereading works of now dead illustrious personalities she has met during her lifetime in an exalted circle. Initially, at San Salvatore, finding the other three women a disturbance, she insists on reserving the main drawing room for her exclusive use.During the holiday, Lady Caroline and Mrs. Fisher  clash over dominance and expenses. With tact, the meek Lotty becomes the peacemaker, nonconfrontationally exerting subtle influence over the others. With fresh insight, Lotty observes the attitudes among themselves that have contributed to their life discontentment. Lotty decides to invite Mellersh to San Salvatore and encourages Rose to invite Frederick to repair their marriages. Lotty's disclosure of the presence of Mrs. Fisher and Lady Caroline, two wealthy prospective clients, brings Mellersh eagerly to the refuge.Thrilled at his wife's intimate friendship with rich prospects, Mellersh exerts himself to be agreeable, mitigating the problem over the first week's expenses. Mellersh declares privately to Lotty that he will pay her expenses so she can keep her savings. He reevaluates his wife and begins to see her as a real social asset.Tracking the elusive Caroline to San Salvatore in amorous pursuit, Frederick arrives unaware of Rose's presence or her invitation to him at Lotty's urging. Caroline, who knows Frederick by his pseudonym, does not know he is Rose's husband. Caught off-guard when an unexpected Rose greets him warmly with a kiss, Frederick "introduces" himself to Caroline as "Frederick Arbuthnot, Rose's HUSBAND." Tactfully, Caroline does not reveal their prior acquaintance.San Salvatore's owner, George Briggs, pays an unexpected call on his tenants. Attracted to Rose, who he had mistaken for a war widow, he is disappointed to find her living husband. Used to always being the centre of attention, Caroline is astonished to see George—extremely nearsighted due to a war injury—is clearly more drawn to Rose. Frederick, too, begins to see Rose with new appreciation.Perversely, Caroline is drawn to George because he does not fawn over her. His nearsightedness means he judges women by their qualities, not their looks. Perceiving George's distress, during a walk, Caroline elicits his confidence in admitting his disappointment in Rose's marriage. In turn, Caroline confides lingering unhappiness at the loss of her fiancé in the war. When the nearsighted George trips over a tree root, Caroline reaches out to steady him, declaring "I had to grab you!"Mrs. Fisher now values connection with other people. She and Lotty discuss how the group has organically paired off. Lotty assures her there can be many combinations of "pairs". She and Mrs. Fisher will be a pair, forming an enduring friendship.
708	Sex, Lies, and Videotape (1989)	Drama	Ann Bishop Mullany lives in Baton Rouge, unhappily but comfortably married to John, a successful lawyer. She is in therapy, where she reveals that she is repulsed by the idea of him touching her.Graham Dalton, an old close college friend of John and now a drifter with some money saved up, visits Baton Rouge to see John and perhaps stay in the city. When he arrives at their home, he meets Ann, who learns that John has invited Graham to stay with them until he finds an apartment. When John arrives home, Graham's demeanor becomes remarkably more guarded; though he realizes he now has nothing in common with John, he and Ann get along well.John is having an affair with Ann's sister Cynthia, a free-spirited artist and bartender, which he rationalizes by blaming Ann's frigidity. Ann helps Graham look for an apartment. Once he has a place, she makes an impromptu visit and notices stacks of camcorder videotapes, labeled with women's names. When asked, Graham explains that they contain interviews with women about their deepest sexual desires and fantasies. Uncomfortable, Ann abruptly leaves.The next day, Cynthia appears uninvited at Graham's apartment and presses Graham to explain what "spooked" Ann. He reluctantly explains it was the videotapes that disturbed her and that he achieves gratification by watching the videos in private. Graham propositions Cynthia to make an interview tape, assuring her that only he will see it. She agrees, and later tells Ann about the experience. She is horrified, as is John, when Cynthia later tells him.Cleaning her home the next day, Ann discovers Cynthia's pearl earring in her bedroom while vacuuming and deduces her affair with John. Furious, Ann goes to Graham's apartment with the intention of making a videotape. He objects, but she is insistent.Later, Ann demands a divorce from John and reveals that she made a tape with Graham. He rushes to Graham's apartment and, after attacking Graham and locking him out, watches Ann's tape. In the video, Ann says she has never felt any kind of "satisfaction" from sex. Graham asks if she ever thinks of having sex with other men; she admits she has thought of Graham.Ann turns the camera on Graham, who resists opening up but soon confesses that he is haunted by his ex-girlfriend Elizabeth and that his motivation in returning to Baton Rouge was an attempt to achieve some closure. He explains that he was a pathological liar, which destroyed his relationship with her. Graham has since gone to great lengths to avoid people and relationships. Ann kisses him, then he turns off the camcorder, ending the tape.A chastened John joins Graham on the front porch and, with obvious pleasure, confesses to having sex with Elizabeth while she and Graham were a couple, saying: "She was no saint. She was good in bed, and she could keep a secret. That's all I can say about her." After he leaves, Graham angrily destroys his camcorder and all of the videotapes.Some time later, John is urgently summoned to his boss's office. Ann and Cynthia reconcile at the bar Cynthia tends. Later, Ann goes to Graham's and joins him on the front porch. She predicts rain, to which he replies: "It is raining."
709	Strictly Ballroom (1992)	Comedy, Romance	Scott Hastings (Paul Mercurio), the frustrated son of a family of ballroom dancers, has been training since the age of six. His mother Shirley (Pat Thomson) teaches ballroom dancing, and his father Doug (Barry Otto) meekly handles maintenance chores at the dance studio, while secretly watching old footage of his bygone dance competitions as well as Scott's in a back room. Scott struggles to establish his personal style of dance to win the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix Dancing Championship, but his innovative and flashy 'crowd-pleasing' steps are not considered 'strictly ballroom', and as such are denounced by Australian Dancing Federation head Barry Fife (Bill Hunter).Scott and his dancing partner Liz Holt (Gia Carides) lose the Southern Districts Waratah Championships due to Scott dancing his own steps. Three days later, Liz leaves him to team up with Ken Railings (John Hannan), the recent Waratah Championships winner; his partner Pam Short has broken both her legs in a car accident. With Scott now alone only three weeks until the championships, Shirley teams up with his coach Les Kendall (Peter Whitford), her co-instructor at the studio, to start desperately hunting for a new partner for him. Meanwhile, unbeknownst to both, Scott is approached by Fran (Tara Morice), an overlooked 'beginner' dancer at the studio. He eventually agrees to partner with her, intrigued by her willingness to dance "his way".The pairing faces its first hurdle when Fife, attempting to prevent Scott from threatening the Dancesport status quo, arranges for his partnership with established Champion dancer Tina Sparkle (Sonia Kruger). When Shirley and Les hear the news, they are overjoyed. Fran, happening upon them exclaiming over their happiness about Scott's new dance partner, misunderstands initially and believes they have discovered that she and Scott have become partners. When she realises the truth, she leaves, devastated. Scott pursues her and, although she is hurt, entices her to dance backstage with him, and her anger is forgotten. However, several onlookers witness their dance, including Shirley and Les, who then do everything possible to persuade both Scott and Fran that the best way forward for all concerned is for Scott to forget about Fran and sign on as Tina Sparkle's partner.Fran, accused of damaging Scott's chances, reluctantly accedes and returns home crestfallen. Scott tells his mother he won't dance with Tina. He follows Fran home, where her overprotective Spanish father, Rico, discovers and challenges him. To appease Rico, Scott proposes a Paso Doble for the assembled company. Rico and Fran's grandmother Ya Ya demonstrate the proper Paso Doble technique and offer to teach the couple, who spend the next week training with Fran's family. However, Fife intervenes, telling Scott that Doug (his father) ruined his own career by dancing his own steps, which he has regretted ever since. Unwilling to upset his parents further, Scott finally decides to dance with Tina Sparkle. During the competition, Doug explains to Scott that Fife lied: Fife had convinced Shirley to dance with Les instead of Doug so that Fife could win the competition. It is also revealed that Fife is plotting to sabotage Scott in favor of audience favorite, Ken. Scott runs after Fran and persuades her to dance with him.In the next round, Scott and Fran make a dramatic entrance and begin dancing, immediately riveting the audience. Fife tries to disqualify them, but Scott's friend Wayne Burns, having overheard Fife's treachery along with his partner Vanessa Cronin, disconnects the PA system, allowing Scott and Fran to dance a Paso Doble routine that impresses the audience. Desperate, Fife tries to turn off the music, but Scott's younger sister Kylie (Lauren Hewett) and her partner Luke interfere until Fife's girlfriend Charm Leachman (Kris McQuade) disconnects the sound system. Fife then disqualifies Scott and Fran, but Doug begins clapping out a beat to enable the pair to continue dancing. The audience claps along, as Scott and Fran resume dancing. Liz, having had a change of heart, turns on Fife and Leachman and restores the music, and Scott and Fran's spirited dancing brings down the house. Doug asks Shirley to dance with him and the whole audience joins them on the floor. As the performance finishes, Scott and Fran kiss.
710	Better Off Dead... (1985)	Comedy	In the Northern California town of Greendale,, high school student Lane Meyer's two main interests are skiing and his girlfriend of six months, Beth. Shortly before Christmas, Beth dumps him for the handsome and popular captain of the ski team, Roy Stalin.Roy is an arrogant bully who unfairly rejects Lane at ski team tryouts. Beth also criticizes Lane's car, an old station wagon. Although Lane also owns a 1967 Camaro, he has not been able to get it running and it sits dilapidated in the driveway.Lane lives in a suburban development with his mother Jenny, a ditzy housewife who routinely concocts creepy (and creeping) family meals; his genius little brother Badger, who never speaks but at the age of "almost 8" can build powerful lasers and attract trashy women from "How-to" books; and his lawyer father, Al, who daily tries to stop the menacing paperboy, Johnny, from breaking his garage door windows with thrown newspapers.Furthermore, Johnny claims that the Meyers owe him two dollars for newspapers, and persistently hounds Lane, yelling "I want my two dollars!" Lane also regularly encounters two Japanese drag racers, one who only speaks in Japanese and the other who learned to speak English by listening to Howard Cosell.Lane cannot move past Beth's rejection, so decides that death is the only way out of his misery. He makes several half-hearted attempts at suicide, which all comically fail. With the help of his best friend, Charles de Mar (who in lieu of not being able to get "real drugs" in their "bodaciously small town," constantly inhales everyday substances like Jell-O, snow, and nitrous oxide from a whipped cream can), Lane tries to ski the K-12, the highest peak in town, in hopes of getting Beth back, but wipes out.Lane is further embarrassed when he gets fired from his humiliating fast food job at Pig Burgers in front of Roy and Beth, who are there on a date. To top it all, he increasingly begins to suffer from neurotic hallucinations owing to the mounting frustrations in his life.As Lane attempts to either end his life or win back his ex-girlfriend, he gradually gets to know a new girl: a French foreign-exchange student named Monique, who has a crush on him. She is staying with Lane's overbearing neighbor Mrs. Smith, who continually tries to force Monique into being a girlfriend for her socially awkward son Ricky.The Smiths are so annoying that Monique pretends she cannot speak English. She is a Los Angeles Dodgers fan, who turns out to be an excellent auto mechanic and skier. Monique both helps Lane fix his Camaro and tries to build his confidence.When Roy insults Monique, Lane challenges him to a ski race down the K-12, with the winner to be captain of the ski team. She helps Lane prepare for the race, which he ultimately wins despite losing a ski and being pursued by Johnny. Beth rushes to embrace Lane at the finish line, but he rejects her and after besting Ricky (who attempts to keep Lane from rescuing Monique from the restraints of his mother) in a ski-pole swordfight, drives off with Monique in his Camaro.Lane and Monique are last seen kissing on home plate at Dodger Stadium, with Johnny bicycling towards them, while in a mid-credit scene Badger launches a homemade space shuttle from his room through the roof of the house.
711	Substance of Fire, The (1996)	Drama	The Substance of Fire is a play by Jon Robin Baitz.
712	Tin Men (1987)	Comedy, Drama	Ernest Tilley and Bill "BB" Babowsky are rival door-to-door aluminum siding salesmen in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1963, an era when "tin men", as they are called, will do almost anything, legal or illegal, to close a sale. Both have the required gift of the gab, but while BB is a smooth-talking con man who scams naive young women with his sales pitches, Tilley struggles to close his sales.They first meet when BB, driving his new Cadillac automobile off the dealer's lot, backs into Tilley's own Cadillac. Though Tilley had the right of way, each man blames the other, and an escalating feud erupts between them.After BB smashes Tilley's headlights and Tilley shatters BB's car windows in response, BB sets out to seduce Tilley's long-suffering wife Nora in revenge. Immediately after having sex with Nora, he calls Tilley to taunt him with the news. Tilley tells BB to keep Nora; he wants to be rid of her.Meanwhile, both men have their own personal troubles. BB's older partner and mentor, Moe Adams, is hospitalized with a serious heart condition. Tilley has a gambling problem and squanders what little money he makes betting on horse races, causing a rift with Nora. He is in debt to various creditors and the IRS, which begins confiscating his possessions for unpaid property taxes. Exhausted by their rivalry, the two men decide to play a game of pool to decide who should get Nora in order to end their personal war. BB loses, but he does not honor the bet. He has fallen in love for the first time, and Nora moves in with him.The newly formed Maryland Home Improvement Commission is investigating corrupt sales practices in the home improvement industry. Both men are subpoenaed, and after giving testimony about their sales practices, the commission takes away both of their licenses. While Tilley gives up his license reluctantly, BB does so willingly. Seeing that Tilley has lost everything, including his car, BB takes pity on him and gives him a ride. Together, the two freshly unemployed men with very similar personalities begin sharing ideas for a new business they can create for themselves.
713	Othello (1995)	Drama	Othello, a Moor who has  married  a young Venetian gentlewoman, Desdemona, is sent to repel a Turkish invasion attempt on the island of Cyprus. During the battle, he was accompanied by his faithful lieutenant, Cassio. When Othello arrives at Cyprus, he finds that the Turkish invasion fleet has been wrecked by a storm. Reunited with Desdemona, who has volunteered to go with him, Othello leads his men and the people of Cyprus in a celebration.Iago, Othello's trusted companion and ensign, envies Othello's prosperous life, Cassio's lieutenancy—and suspicious that Othello has slept with his own wife, Emilia, plans to ruin both, first by getting Cassio fired and replacing him, and then by manipulating Othello into believing that Desdemona is having an affair with Cassio. He arouses Othello's suspicion and jealousy gradually and then plants Desdemona's handkerchief in Cassio's room. When Othello finds out about the handkerchief, he is convinced of Desdemona's infidelity and in a rage, decides to kill her and have Cassio assassinated by Iago.Othello smothers Desdemona, who dies just as Emilia enters the bedroom, but Cassio is only wounded by Iago's stooge, Roderigo. When Iago is confronted, Emilia tells Othello the truth behind Iago's lies and he realizes what he has done. The authorities and Othello turn on Iago and after a running fight, capture him. In despair, Othello stabs and wounds Iago, then kills himself. Iago is taken away to be tortured and executed.
714	Carrington (1995)	Drama, Romance	Carrington is a 1995 British biographical film written and directed by Christopher Hampton about the life of the English painter Dora Carrington (1893–1932), who was known simply as "Carrington". The screenplay is based on Lytton Strachey: A Critical Biography, the 1967–68 two-volume biography of writer and critic Lytton Strachey (1880–1932) by Michael Holroyd.
715	To Die For (1995)	Comedy, Drama	In the fictional town of Little Hope, New Hampshire, Suzanne Stone is a glamorous and ambitious young woman who has always been obsessed with being on television and aspires to become a world-famous broadcast journalist. She begins a passionate romance with Larry Maretto, an Italian American, of whom her parents disapprove, and the two quickly marry. Despite the differences between their families, the two seemingly settle into married life happily, and Larry promises to support her career ambitions. She uses his family's restaurant business to keep herself financially stable and takes a job as an assistant at WWEN, a local cable station, in hopes of climbing the network ladder. Through relentless persistence, she is eventually promoted to doing the station's evening weather report.Suzanne goes to a local high school to recruit subjects for a documentary she is producing called “Teens Speak Out.” She immediately attracts two delinquents, Jimmy Emmett and Russel Hines, and befriends Lydia Mertz, a shy and insecure girl who admires Suzanne’s glamor and worldliness. Larry begins pressuring Suzanne to give up her career in favor of helping out at the restaurant and starting a family. As he becomes more insistent, Suzanne views him as an impediment to her desired future and immediately begins plotting his murder. She seduces Jimmy and convinces him to murder Larry by falsely accusing him of abusing her and promising they will have a future together in California once Larry is dead. She also manipulates Lydia into procuring a gun. One night, while Suzanne delivers the evening weather report, Jimmy and Russell break into the Marettos' condo, and Jimmy shoots and kills Larry.Though Larry's death is ruled the result of a botched burglary, police stumble across a Teens Speak Out clip of Suzanne at their school, which points to her sexual involvement with Jimmy. The teens are arrested and connected to the crime scene. Lydia makes a deal with police to converse with Suzanne while wearing a wire, and Suzanne unwittingly reveals her hand in the murder. However, despite this damning evidence, she argues that the police resorted to entrapment and is released on bail. All the charges against Suzanne are dropped.Basking in the media attention and spotlight, however, Suzanne fabricates a story about Larry being a cocaine addict who was murdered by Jimmy and Russell, his purported dealers. Jimmy and Russell are sentenced to life in prison. Russell gets his sentence reduced while Lydia is released on probation. Meanwhile, Larry's father, Joe, realizes Suzanne was behind his son's death and uses his mafia connections to have her murdered. A hitman lures Suzanne away from her home by posing as a movie studio executive, kills her, and conceals her body beneath a frozen lake.Lydia tells her side of the story in a televised interview and gains national attention, becoming a celebrity. Janice, Larry's sister who always hated Suzanne, practices her figure skating on the frozen lake where Suzanne's corpse lies.
716	Home for the Holidays (1995)	Drama, Romance	Claudia Larson is a single mother who has just been fired from her job. She flies from Chicago to spend Thanksgiving at the Baltimore home of her parents, Adele and Henry, while her only child decides to stay home and spend the holiday with her boyfriend. While on the plane, Claudia makes a phone call to Tommy, her younger brother and confidant, whom she believes won't be attending the Thanksgiving dinner, and unloads her problems on his answering machine.Claudia arrives in Baltimore at her parents' home. That night, Tommy arrives with his business partner Leo Fish, whom Claudia believes to be his new boyfriend. Claudia is glad to see her brother but fears that he and Jack, his longtime boyfriend, have broken up. The next day while in town, Claudia runs into a girl she used to go to school with and feels diminished by talk of her divorce. Leo comes to her aid.On Thanksgiving Day, eccentric Aunt Gladys (Adele's sister), who is showing signs of dementia, professes her love for Henry. Shortly after, Tommy accidentally drops the turkey all over his and Claudia’s conservative sister Joanne resulting in an argument in which she reveals to everyone that Tommy had married Jack in a beach wedding several months ago. To get away from the chaos, Tommy and Claudia eat their dinner in the kitchen.After the meal, Tommy, Leo, Joanne’s husband Walter and son Walter Jr. play football and, frustrated by the game, the brothers-in-law begin to fight. Walter wrestles Tommy onto the ground, and Tommy accidentally punches Leo who's trying to break them up. Henry sprays them with the hose, and Walter leaves with his wife and children.The family returns inside, where Henry answers the ringing phone; it turns out to be Jack calling. Before handing the phone over to Tommy, Henry says that he's happy for both of them. Their conversation reveals they are still happily together. Claudia and Leo drive Aunt Gladys home, then deliver leftovers to Joanne's family. Claudia and Joanne get into a heated argument, until Joanne demands that Claudia leave her alone. In the car, Leo tells Claudia that Tommy showed him a picture of her, and he came to Thanksgiving to meet her. They kiss.Arriving back at Claudia’s parents’ home, Leo and Claudia begin to make out in the living room, but Tommy reminds Leo that they have to get an early start in the morning. The next day, Claudia wakes up and sees Tommy and Leo driving away and heads to the airport herself shortly after. Before the plane takes off, Leo gets into the seat next to her, and they fly back to Chicago together.
717	Juror, The (1996)	Drama, Thriller	Annie Laird is a New York City sculptor who lives with her son Oliver and works a day job as a data entry clerk. Annie is selected to be a juror in the trial of crime boss Louie Boffano, who is accused of ordering the murders of federal informant Salvatore Riggio, his wife and his young son Tommy.A rich tourist, Mark Cordell, buys some of Annie's artwork and then wines and dines her before she discovers he is better known as "The Teacher," Boffano's enforcer and the man responsible for the Riggio murders. Mark tells Annie to persuade the jury to acquit Boffano, or she and Oliver will die. Fellow gangster Eddie then sends Mark's car with a victim over a cliff, further frightening Annie into convincing the jury to acquit Boffano through sheer force of personality and persuasiveness.After the trial, Boffano questions whether Annie should "disappear", seeing her as a loose end. Mark convinces Boffano otherwise, as he has become obsessed with her. After having sex with Annie's close friend Juliet, Mark reveals himself to be Annie's stalker. He pulls a gun and forces Juliet to take a fatal drug overdose. Mark boasts of the murder to Eddie, who proves to be sympathetic to Annie as he is a parent himself and increasingly disturbed by Mark's behavior.To ensure her son's safety, Annie buys a ticket for him to T'ui Cuch, a rural village in Guatemala where she had previously studied artwork with the local community. The prosecutor on Boffano's case, who figured out Annie was threatened, wants Annie to turn state's witness so they can go after Mark, as they suspect him of planning to murder his boss.Annie convinces the prosecutor to let her wear a wire before calling Mark to reciprocate his affections. Annie then secretly gives Eddie the wire, insinuating she and Mark are now a couple and that she does not want him to be arrested. With Eddie's help, she tricks Mark into incriminating himself in a boastful rant about his ambitions, which she tapes and gives to Boffano. The boss then orders Mark to a meeting where he will be whacked.Boffano's plan backfires when Mark, seizing the opportunity, kills Boffano with a car bomb and guns down his son Joseph, before cutting Eddie's throat. Mark, furious at Annie's betrayal, calls her and reveals his intention to travel to Guatemala to kill Oliver.Annie travels to Guatemala where there is a showdown with Mark. He chases Oliver into a structure, where the locals are able to ambush and disable Mark. Annie gets hold of his gun, and when Mark tries to pull a weapon from his ankle holster, she kills him in a blind frenzy. Oliver is unharmed, and he and his mother return home.
718	In the Bleak Midwinter (1995)	Comedy	Joe Harper, a depressed and down-on-his-luck actor, asks his agent Margaretta D'Arcy to lend him money to put on a Christmastime production of Shakespeare's Hamlet in his hometown of Hope, Derbyshire. Wanting the rendition to be "free and experimental", Joe holds auditions that attract a variety of performers, most of whom Margaretta thinks are mad. In the end, Joe casts six actors: the well-meaning Nina Raymond; the long-suffering and cynical Henry Wakefield; the flamboyant homosexual Terry DuBois; the vain Tom Newman; alcoholic-in-denial Carnforth Greville; and former child actor Vernon Spatch. Joe casts himself as Hamlet.Recruiting his sister Molly, Joe transports the actors and props their venue: a decrepit church that is due for demolition by developers. Despite being disheartened that the venue is also their digs, as well as not having expenses paid for them, the actors decide to stay. There, they meet their costume and set designer, the new-age Fadge, who proposes to have some of the audience as cardboard figurines and use only smoke for set design.Rehearsals begin with a shaky start. Carnforth cannot remember his lines and often turns up drunk, Tom insists on using outrageous accents for each of his roles, Henry hates sharing a room with Terry, Nina's bad eyesight causes accidents, and Molly is forced to play Hamlet during rehearsals so Joe can direct. Later, the landlord of the church demands an extra week of rent, which Joe does not have, and the show does not sell a single advance ticket. Four days before the tech run, Joe insists the actors do not lose their nerve, and receives encouragement from Nina, who he learns is a widow.Vernon comes to Joe's rescue by giving out flyers and selling tickets on the streets and at a hotel he is performing a cabaret at. Henry and Terry gradually learn to tolerate each other through their mutual respect of Henry Irving. Terry reveals he has an estranged son, Tim. This makes his role as Gertrude difficult as Joe encourages the actors to be the characters. One night, Tom breaks down from Carnforth's mistakes, Joe's direction and Vernon's insistence in documenting the production. This makes Joe suffer his own breakdown, saying that the production was a mistake, that it has become too personal for them all, that their time has run out and that he has no money to pay for them nor securing the venue for the run of the show. Calming down, Henry and Molly reassure him to continue.With Joe now acting during the rehearsals, the production improves significantly. Vernon reveals to Joe the company has had a whip-round to improve the financial situation. After the technical rehearsal, Joe receives a call from Margaretta, who tells him that he has been offered a three-picture movie deal from American producer Nancy Crawford, but he has to cut off before she tells him about travel arrangements. On Christmas Eve, the night of the first performance, Margaretta arrives early to tell Joe that he has to leave to catch a flight to Los Angeles with Crawford - meaning he will be absent from the first performance. The company begrudgingly say their farewells to Joe, with Molly filling for Hamlet and Nina tearfully begging for Joe to stay for his well-being, to no avail.The audience arrives, including Carnforth's mother, Nina's father and Tim (who Henry contacted, telling him that Terry has cholera). Crawford and Margaretta also arrive along with a national newspaper reporter. During Molly's first scene, Joe returns, having been allowed to do the first performance and let Crawford see him act live. The production goes well, and the company meet backstage, where Crawford reveals that she only watched the performance to see why Joe rejected her offer. Instead, she offers Joe's role to Tom, who has Fadge brought along as a designer for the film, and Margaretta offers herself as an agent to them.When the audience leaves, the company starts dancing, and Nina and Joe begin a relationship as Christmas Day begins.
719	Canadian Bacon (1994)	Comedy, War	In Niagara Falls, New York, military businessman R. J. Hacker closes down his weapons manufacturing plant, Hacker Dynamics. Thousands of former employees are outraged. Sheriff Bud Boomer and his deputy/girlfriend Honey prevent the despondent former Hacker employee Roy Boy from committing suicide at Niagara Falls.At a conference held at Hacker Dynamics, Hacker pins the blame for the shutdown of his business on the President of the United States. The President defends his own belief that the children's future is more important than war which has caused major decline in his approval rating.After the press conference where Boomer saves the President from an assassination attempt, the latter confides in General Dick Panzer and National Security Advisor Stuart Smiley (who secretly has ties with Hacker) that he is unhappy about not having an enemy to engage with.Boomer eventually criticizes Canadian beer in an offensive manner while attending a hockey game with Honey, Roy Boy, and deputy sheriff Kabral Jabar between the neighboring nations in Niagara Falls, Ontario causing a brawl to break out. The ensuing riot ends up on the news the next day and catches Stuart's attention. Stuart collects more information about Canada from CIA agent Gus and suggests Canada as their new enemy during a cabinet meeting.Before long, U.S. television channels are littered with anti-Canada propaganda which Boomer believes wholeheartedly. He prepares for war by distributing guns to Honey, Roy Boy, and Kabral. He also helps form a local militia. After they apprehend a group of Americans "dressed as Canadians" attempting to destroy a hydroelectric plant despite Gus's protests that they are just Americans, they sneak across the border to litter on Canadian lands which leads to Honey being left behind and arrested by the Mounties. In a rescue attempt, Boomer, Roy Boy, and Kabral sneak into a Canadian power plant and cause a countrywide blackout. When the President learns of this, Stuart orders the Omega Force to remove Boomer from Canada before it is too late as Boomer gets separated from Kabral and Roy Boy.Seeking revenge on the President for shutting down his business, Hacker uses a software program ("Hacker Hellstorm") to activate missile silos across the country. The President learns that the signal causing the activation of the silos originated from Canada. As Stuart tells the President that the information is classified, the President summons Hacker for some answers. Hacker offers to sell a program to the President that can cancel out the Hellstorm—for $1 trillion. Fed up with the President being too busy to give Hacker the money, Stuart realizes that a departing Hacker is the one controlling the silos, not Canada. After storming up, Stuart takes the operating codes from him required to stop the Hellstorm while accidentally killing Hacker in the process. The still busy President orders Stuart's arrest despite his protests that he is now able to give the codes to the President so they could deactivate the missiles which are aimed at Moscow. As the US government loses contact with Omega Force and as the launch time approaches, the President pleads with Canadian Prime Minister Clark MacDonald over the phone to stop the launch.Meanwhile, Honey was taken to a hospital upon her capture and escaped all the way to the CN Tower. She discovers the central computer for the Hellstorm and destroys it with a machine gun, aborting the launch sequence. Honey then reunites with Boomer and they return to the United States on a speedboat across Lake Ontario.Before the final shot of Boomer and Honey's speedboat unknowingly heading towards the waterfall is shown, an epilogue reveals the characters' fates:Boomer realizes his dream of appearing as a regular on Cops.Honey is named "Humanitarian of the Year" by the National Rifle Association of America.The President was defeated in the next election by a landslide and now hosts Get Up, Cleveland.Stuart served eight months in prison, but was pardoned by the new President Oliver North.General Panzer committed suicide by gunshot after learning that Hogan's Heroes was fictional.Hacker's body is on display at the Republican National Headquarters for daily viewing from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM.Gus was last spotted heading to Mexico in a tank.Kabral has become a hockey star, winning the Hart Memorial Trophy three years in a row. It was then shown that it was ironically for the Toronto Maple Leafs as his hockey card shows him playing for them.Roy Boy's whereabouts are unknown.Prime Minister MacDonald is "still ruling with an iron fist".
720	First Knight (1995)	Action, Adventure, Drama, Romance	King Arthur of Camelot, victorious from his wars, has dedicated his reign to promoting justice and peace and now wishes to marry. However, Malagant, a former Knight of the Round Table, desires the throne for himself.Lancelot, a vagabond and skilled swordsman, duels in small villages for money. He attributes his skill to his lack of concern whether he lives or dies. Guinevere the young ruler of Lyonesse, decides to marry King Arthur out of admiration and for security against Malagant, who has been raiding local villages under the guise of "upholding the law."While traveling, Lancelot chances by Guinevere's carriage on the way to Camelot, and spoils Malagant's ambush meant to kidnap her. He falls in love with her, but she refuses his advances. Though Lancelot urges Guinevere to follow her heart, she remains bound by duty. She is subsequently reunited with her escort.Later, Lancelot arrives in Camelot and successfully navigates an obstacle course on the prospect of a kiss from Guinevere, though he instead kisses her hand. He also wins an audience with her husband-to-be, Arthur. Impressed by his courage and struck by his recklessness and freewheeling, he shows him the Round Table, symbolizing a life of service and brotherhood, and warns him that a man "who fears nothing is a man who loves nothing".That night, Malagant's henchmen arrive at Camelot and kidnap Guinevere. She is tied up and carried off to his headquarters, where she is held hostage. Lancelot follows, posing as a messenger from Camelot. He requests to see Guinevere alive before he delivers the message, then overpowers the guards and escapes with her. Once again, Lancelot tries to win her heart, but is unsuccessful. On the return journey, it is revealed that he was orphaned and rendered homeless after bandits attacked his village, and has been wandering ever since.In gratitude, Arthur offers Lancelot a higher calling in life as a Knight of the Round Table. Amidst the protests of the other Knights (who are suspicious of his station) and of Guinevere (who struggles with her feelings for him) he accepts and takes Malagant's place at the Table, saying he has found something to care about.Arthur and Guinevere subsequently wed. However, a messenger from Lyonesse arrives, with news that Malagant has invaded. Arthur leads his troops to Lyonesse and successfully defeats Malagant's forces. Lancelot wins the respect of the other Knights with his prowess in battle. He also learns to embrace Arthur's philosophy, moved by the plight of villagers.Lancelot, guilty about his feelings for the queen and loyalty to Arthur, privately announces his departure to her. Not able to bear the thought of his leaving, she finally asks him for a kiss. It turns into a passionate embrace, just in time for the king to interrupt. Though Guinevere loves both Arthur and Lancelot – albeit in different ways – they are charged with treason. The open trial in the great square of Camelot is interrupted by a surprise invasion by Malagant, ready to burn Camelot and kill Arthur if he does not swear fealty.Instead Arthur commands his subjects to fight, and Malagant's men shoot him with crossbows. A battle ensues, and Lancelot and Malagant face off. Disarmed, Lancelot seizes Arthur's fallen sword and kills Malagant, who falls dead on that same throne he so desired. The people of Camelot win the battle, but Arthur dies of his wounds.On his deathbed, he names Lancelot his successor and asks him to "take care of her for me" – referring to both Camelot and Guinevere. The film closes with a funeral pyre raft carrying Arthur's body floating out to sea.
721	Mallrats (1995)	Comedy	College student T.S. Quint is preparing for a trip to Universal Studios Florida in Orlando with Brandi Svenning, during which he plans to propose to her; however, Brandi tells him she cannot go due to having volunteered to fill in as a contestant on Truth or Date, her father's dating game show, because the original contestant had died from an embolism bursting in her brain while swimming 700 laps at the local Y.M.C.A following T.S.'s comment regarding her weight. Brandi and T.S. argue over his responsibility and the two break up. T.S. turns to his best friend Brodie Bruce, who has been dumped by his girlfriend Rene, and Brodie suggests the two might find comfort at the local mall.Brodie and T.S. discover Truth or Date is being filmed at the same mall, through their friend Willam, who throughout the film tries to see a sailboat in a Magic Eye poster. The two ask local slackers Jay and Silent Bob to destroy the show's stage, a task for which they devise elaborate but ultimately unsuccessful plans. Brodie and T.S. run into Tricia Jones, a 15-year-old senior who is writing a book on the sex drive of men ages 14–30, for which she has sex with various men as research and films every encounter. She then reveals that the previous night she had sex with Shannon Hamilton, a 25-year-old clothing-store manager who hates Brodie because of his "lack of a shopping agenda".Brodie then learns that Rene has begun a relationship with Shannon. Brodie confronts Rene to find out more about the relationship, and the two have sex in an elevator. Brodie is later abducted and attacked by Shannon, who intends to have anal sex with Rene. As a result of this incident, Jay and Silent Bob assault the mall's Easter Bunny, under the incorrect assumption that he attacked Brodie.Brandi's father Jared has Brodie and T.S. arrested on false charges of drug possession at the mall. Jay and Silent Bob are able to rescue Brodie and T.S., and they hide out at a local flea market. There, they encounter Ivannah, a topless fortune teller with three nipples, who offers advice on their relationship problems. While Brodie is visibly uncomfortable with the situation, T.S. pays close attention to Ivannah's advice and decides to win Brandi back. Eventually, the two return to the mall.Before the show begins, Brodie meets famed Marvel legend Stan Lee, who gives him advice on romance. After this, Brodie requests that his friend Tricia Jones retrieve footage of her having sex with Shannon. Meanwhile, T.S. also persuades Jay to get two of the game show contestants stoned, which allows him and Brodie to replace them on Truth or Date.During the show, Brandi recognizes the voices of Brodie and T.S., leading to an on-air argument between them. Brodie eventually intervenes, explaining that T.S. has spent the entire day pining for Brandi. Subsequently, T.S. proposes to Brandi, who accepts. After the show concludes and as the police arrive to arrest T.S. and Brodie, Silent Bob broadcasts a sex tape featuring Shannon and Tricia. This leads to Shannon's arrest for statutory rape. In the extended cut, Jared is arrested for 19 F.C.C. violations and broadcasting lewd or indecent images in a public forum. Consequently, Brodie and Rene rekindle their relationship.The conclusion reveals that T.S. marries Brandi at Universal Studios while on a Jaws attraction, Tricia's book is a bestseller, Shannon is imprisoned (and subsequently raped), Willam eventually does see the sailboat, Brodie becomes the host of The Tonight Show (with Rene as his bandleader), and that Jay and Silent Bob get an orangutan named Susanne.
722	Nine Months (1995)	Comedy	Child psychologist Samuel Faulkner is in a long-term relationship with ballet teacher Rebecca Taylor. This changes when Rebecca declares that she is pregnant. When questioned by Samuel about her birth control, she replies that birth control is only 97% effective.Samuel's fears mount due to his encounters with overbearing couple Marty and Gail Dwyer and their three young unruly daughters, as well as the confusing advice he receives from Sean, his perpetually single artist friend and Gail's brother. Samuel is confused and unsure about what to do. Feeling that Samuel is not ready to be a father, Rebecca leaves him and moves in with Marty and Gail (who is also pregnant with a fourth child). Samuel tries to contact her, but she ignores him. Sean encourages him to move on, with Samuel trying new things, like rollerblading, getting an earring, and going to parties. But the thought of Rebecca still weighs heavily on his mind.When a woman makes a move on Samuel at a party, he declines, saying that he is not ready to move on yet. He views an ultrasound of his soon-to-be-born son, and decides that it is time to take responsibility before it is too late. He sells his Porsche, buys a family car, and reconciles with Rebecca, much to Gail's delight.Samuel and Rebecca wed, and not long afterward, they go out to dinner. During an awkward moment when they bump into the woman who he met earlier at the party, Rebecca goes into labor. They rush to the hospital, where they meet Marty and Gail; who has gone into labor as well. Rebecca gives birth to their baby boy, who they name Clyde, and Gail gives birth to their fourth daughter, who they name Bonnie.
723	Boys on the Side (1995)	Comedy, Drama	Jane, a musician who recently broke-up with her girlfriend and her band, decides to move from New York City to Los Angeles. She answers a newspaper ad for a co-driver to LA posted by Robin, a real estate agent who is also moving to California. Jane initially declines to join her on the road, but agrees after her car gets towed. Jane and Robin begin their journey, making a stop in Pittsburgh to see Jane's friend, Holly.Jane and Robin witness a physical fight between Holly and her abusive boyfriend Nick about missing drugs. The three fight him when he assaults Holly in an argument over drugs. Holly hits Nick in the head with a bat to stop him from attacking Jane, knocking him out. They tape Nick to a chair with duct tape and put four hours worth of loud music on his stereo to give themselves a head start. Holly snaps a Polaroid of herself with the tied and bound Nick before they leave.Hours later, Nick frees himself but falls, hits his head and dies from his injuries. Robin sees a newspaper with the report of his death the next day, so they debate what to do. When Holly confesses she is also pregnant, and afraid of being arrested for murder, everyone decides to continue on to California together.During a stop in Tucson, Arizona, Robin collapses at a local diner and is rushed to hospital for pneumonia. A doctor informs Jane and Holly that she has HIV, which has brought on the pneumonia. They decide to stay in Tucson and start new lives there.Robin’s health improves, Jane gets a job singing in a bar and Holly falls in love with a local police officer named Abe Lincoln. Robin, Holly and their new friends throw a surprise birthday party for Jane. Robin surprises her afterward with a new piano. Jane plays The Carpenters “Superstar”, while Robin watches from the shadows. Robin realizes Jane is in love with her.Their idyllic life is short-lived. Jane and Robin's friendship crumbles when Jane, with the best of intentions, tells a friendly bartender interested in Robin, that she has HIV. Feeling betrayed, Robin asks her to move out. When Abe proposes to Holly, she confesses about Nick. Abe finds the photo Holly took and arrests her, despite his vow that he still intends to marry her. Holly is returned to Pittsburgh to stand trial for murder. Jane and Robin follow her to Pittsburgh and make peace with each other in the courthouse. Holly accepts a plea bargain offer of involuntary manslaughter with one to two years in prison, with possibility of parole in a few months. Robin collapses after the trial from a lung infection, and in the hospital, Jane and Robin pledge love for each other.Holly gives birth to a daughter named Mary Todd and finishes serving her sentence. She and Abe marry and return to the house in Tucson for a welcome home party. Holly is shocked at Robin's weakened state, due to her advanced stage of AIDS as she is in a wheelchair. At the party, Robin weakly tries to sing the Roy Orbison song "You Got It" to Jane, and Jane gently finishes the song.In the final scene, Robin has died from AIDS, Holly and Abe plan to stay in Arizona to raise a family and Jane hits the road to seek a new life in Los Angeles.
724	Circle of Friends (1995)	Drama, Romance	Set in 1950s Ireland, the film opens with the First Communion of three friends in the small town of Knockglen: Bernadette "Benny" Hogan, Eve Malone and Nan Mahon. Benny is the beloved and well-fed only child of the local tailor, Eve is an orphan reared by nuns, and Nan is destined to be defined by her beauty. Nan's family moves away to Dublin, and the story skips ahead six years to when the three friends are reunited at university in Dublin.Benny's loving but overprotective parents insist that she live at home and commute to university. They also hope she will marry her father's assistant, the creepy Sean Walsh. Eve's education is financed by the local landowning family, the Westwards, who employed her father before his death. She has inherited a cottage in Knockglen, but boards at a Dublin convent during the week.Benny soon falls for Jack Foley, a handsome rugby player studying medicine. She initially assumes she is not sophisticated or pretty enough for him, but after spending time together at the College Ball they begin dating. Eve also begins a relationship with Jack's friend Aidan, and hosts weekend parties for her university friends at her cottage. Nan becomes involved with Simon Westward, heir to the estate in Knockglen. They begin secretly visiting Eve's cottage during the week to have sex.When Benny's father dies, Benny suspends her studies to care for her mother and run the family shop. Sean attempts to woo her, although she finds him repulsive. Benny notices funds are missing from the business and suspects Sean is responsible, but lacks proof. Eve begins to suspect that someone has been going into her cottage while she is away. Nan suggests that the cottage might be haunted.Nan becomes pregnant, so tells Simon, believing he will marry her. He instead offers her money for an abortion in England. Nan runs into Jack, who has not seen Benny since her father's funeral. She convinces him to take her to a party and lures him into sex, later pretending that he got her pregnant. Jack is honourable and offers to marry Nan. He tells Benny, who is devastated.Eve throws another party at the cottage. Nan convinces Jack they should attend, though he feels uneasy about it. Eve, having guessed that Nan has secretly been meeting Simon at her cottage, confronts her and waves a bread knife at her. Nan backs away, falls through a glass door, and is severely cut. Jack attends to her injuries, while Benny leaves the party.Benny searches Sean's living area for evidence that he has stolen from her family's business. Sean finds her there and attempts to sexually assault her. She fights him off, and in the struggle uncovers the hiding place with the money he has embezzled. Benny orders Sean to leave before she calls the Guards.Nan decides to begin a new life in England. After Jack sees her off, he tries to win Benny back. He explains that aiding Nan convinced him that he was really meant to be a doctor. He says that he never loved Nan, and is in love with Benny. Benny tells him his actions have changed her and their relationship and they must take their time.In a voiceover, Benny says Jack addressed his studies and pursued her, while she moved to Dublin to share a flat with Eve. A paper Benny writes causes a stir and points her towards a career as a writer. In time, she falls in love with Jack again. The final scene shows Benny taking Jack to Eve's cottage. As he follows her inside, she says "Bless me father, for I have sinned," implying they have finally consummated their courtship.
725	Exit to Eden (1994)	Comedy	Elliot Slater is a young, attractive, Australian professional photographer living in Southern California. Having always been uncomfortable with his sexual proclivities, which tend toward the BDSM realm, he signs up for a dominatrix-themed vacation on a private tropical island known as "Eden" in the hopes of working through his discomfort.Unbeknownst to him, before embarking on his journey of sexual discovery, he has unwittingly photographed an international jewel thief of whom no other photos exist. The jewel thief Omar and his criminal partner Nina are intent on recovering the film in order to retain Omar's anonymity.They follow the photographer to the island resort run by the dominatrix, Mistress Lisa Emerson, posing as vacationers. Following a tip that Omar is on the island, undercover police officers Fred Lavery and Sheila Kingston also arrive, Sheila in the guise of a vacationer and Fred as a handyman. When a submissive asks Sheila what he can do to please her, she tells him to go paint her house.Comedic antics ensue amid the activities of scantily clad guests and employees, acting out their dominant and submissive fantasies.In the course of Elliot's experiences as Mistress Lisa's personal submissive, including a scene where she ties him up and fondles his naked body (especially his bare buttocks, which she also spanks), the two begin to fall in love. The action comes to a climax on a quick trip to New Orleans, where Lisa reluctantly admits her feelings for Elliot, all the while being tailed by Omar, who attempts to kill them.Fred and Sheila save the day, sending Omar and Nina to jail, and receive commendations for solving the case. Elliot returns to Eden and proposes to Lisa, who says yes. Also, the submissive who spoke to Sheila makes good on her request: he has her house painted.
726	Fluke (1995)	Children's, Drama	A mutt puppy who has flashing memories and dreams of having lived a human life is taken to a pound and eventually escapes. He is raised by an elderly homeless woman named Bella, who gives him the name Fluke, stating that he is a "fluke by nature, Fluke by name." Fluke supports Bella by helping her earn money from passing strangers, who are impressed with Fluke's ability to beat Bella's shell game.After Bella dies of an illness, Fluke meets a street-wise dog named Rumbo who takes him to see a man named Bert who feeds them. Fluke matures into an adult dog and eventually realizes that he was once a man named Thomas P. Johnson, who died in a car crash.Fluke is abducted by a man named Sylvester to be used in makeup experiments at a cosmetics company. During his captivity, Rumbo comes to the rescue, but is shot by Sylvester as he and Fluke escape. A dying Rumbo tells Fluke that the black-and-white snapshot of a man in a sailor suit on Bert's wall was him and Bert was his brother and that he wishes to smell the sea again, suggesting that he died in the line of duty.After Rumbo's death, Fluke seeks out his surviving wife Carol and son Brian and reunites with them by becoming their new family dog. Though Carol is apprehensive about adopting Fluke, she caves in, seeing how Brian has quickly bonded with Fluke. During his life as a dog, Fluke gets to know his family better and realizes that he had been a distant workaholic.As more memories return, Fluke suspects that his human death was caused by his former business partner, Jeff Newman. Enraged by this and that Jeff is now dating Carol, Fluke viciously attacks him when he visits the house, and ends up getting put outside. Jeff calls for Animal Control against the protests of Brian, and Fluke is forced to run from the premises.The next night, Brian goes missing while looking for Fluke and Carol implores Jeff to help, so Jeff drives back to their house. Fluke, hiding in the backseat of Jeff's car, comes close to killing Jeff by causing him to get into a car accident like his own. Fluke then has another flashback and realizes that Jeff wasn't responsible for his death. Instead, Fluke had caused his own death when he recklessly drove on the wrong side of the road just to argue with Jeff one night and swerved off to avoid hitting an oncoming truck. Jeff then tried to save him, but failed. An injured Jeff, implied to have realized Fluke's true identity but bearing no ill will, tells Fluke to go find Brian before the latter catches hypothermia from the falling snow. Regretful over his actions, Fluke barks for a passing driver to help Jeff before running off.On a hunch, Fluke goes to the graveyard where he had been buried and finds Brian there, who had been locked in by an unaware groundskeeper. Fluke huddles with Brian to keep him warm. Carol, deducing from one of Brian's drawings where he may have gone, uses her car to break open the cemetery gates and picks up Brian. Carol tries to coax Fluke to come home with them. Instead, Fluke digs away at the snow in front of his tombstone to show Carol who he really is by uncovering the word "forever" at the bottom, a phrase he often said to her as a human. Carol is left speechless, and lets Fluke leave without objection. With a heavy heart, Fluke departs and entrusts his family to Jeff for their happiness. He monologues that he finally accepted that he can no longer be the family man he should have been, and that he should just cherish the life he has now.Sometime later, Fluke is resting under a tree on a farm by himself. To his surprise and happiness, he is reunited with Rumbo, now reincarnated as a squirrel. Rumbo tells Fluke about life as a squirrel and about reincarnation.
727	Immortal Beloved (1994)	Drama, Romance	When Ludwig van Beethoven dies, his assistant and close friend Schindler deals with his last will and testament. It reads that his estate, music and affairs will be left to his "immortal beloved," but there remains a question as to who is Beethoven's "immortal beloved," an unnamed woman mentioned in one of his letters. Schindler embarks on a quest to find out and meets the women whom he had known played a part in Ludwig's life.Schindler first meets with Giulietta Giucciardi, who had been a piano student of Beethoven's when she was a young, unmarried woman and had fallen in love with him. In flashback, we see that – despite Giulietta's father's disapproval – she intends to marry Beethoven, who has proposed to her. She attempts to gain her father's consent by proving that, despite rumors to the contrary, Beethoven can still play music, and hides with her father while the composer plays their new pianoforte, believing he is alone. When he discovers Giulietta and her father, he is furious, feeling betrayed. He cuts ties with her and storms out. She calls after him to apologize, and only then realizes that Beethoven is deaf.Schindler next meets Anna-Marie Erdödy, who took Beethoven in after becoming outraged with the audience mocking him at a poor performance, as the composer, now completely deaf, had become unable to properly conduct the orchestra. Anna-Marie's young son is killed during Napoleon's attack on Vienna and Beethoven comforts her in her grief, leading to a love affair, but she denies being his "immortal beloved."Schindler's investigation brings him back to Beethoven's own family, recounting his disapproval of his brother marrying Johanna Reiss, the daughter of Anton Van Reiss, a prosperous Viennese upholsterer, even attempting to have her arrested at one point. After his brother's death, Beethoven is able to seize custody of his nephew Karl. Even though the boy is indifferent to music, his uncle becomes obsessed with making him a composer, neglecting his own career, which suffers.Karl grows into a teenager, having spent hours daily practicing the piano. Beethoven is convinced that Karl will be a great success as a composer, but Karl knows he has no talent and, pushed to his breaking point by his uncle, attempts suicide. He survives but tells Beethoven he never wants to see him again.Schindler discovers that Beethoven's great love was Johanna, and that Karl, conceived before her marriage, is actually his son, not his nephew. They had intended to elope, but Beethoven was delayed and wrote the "immortal beloved" letter to Johanna to let her know. However, Johanna never received it and, believing Beethoven had abandoned her, left and married his brother instead. Both feeling betrayed, their love grew to hate. Johanna tells Schindler that when she saw the performance of his ninth symphony, she was moved to forgive him and ultimately made peace with him on his deathbed, where he gave her a signed letter, giving her custody over Karl.Schindler gives Johanna the letter to the "Immortal Beloved" in which she finally reads what happened that night they were supposed to meet. Shocked to find out how an unfortunate event and misunderstanding has kept them apart, she visits Beethoven's grave.
728	Junior (1994)	Comedy, Sci-Fi	Austrian research geneticist Dr. Alex Hesse and his OB/GYN colleague Dr. Larry Arbogast invent a fertility drug, "Expectane", designed to reduce the chances of a miscarriage. With the drug unapproved by the FDA, the colleagues are not authorized to test it and are unable to continue their research. Head of the review board Noah Banes informs Larry that while the FDA denied human experimentation, the team has received a donation from geneticist Dr. Diana Reddin from the ovum cryogenics department. Alex plans to start over in Europe, but Larry suggests they can still perform the experiment, with Canadian firm Lyndon Pharmaceutical offering to fund them provided they find a volunteer. Alex questions the likelihood of a pregnant woman taking an unapproved drug, but Larry suggests omitting the volunteer's gender and convinces him to impregnate himself with an ovum codenamed "Junior".That night, Alex dreams his potential offspring has his own face. As weeks go by, he complains to Larry of sore nipples, and chats incessantly about walks, massages, and naps. Contemplating fatherhood after watching television commercials, Alex breaks down sobbing. When the time comes for Alex to end the experiment and release the results to Lyndon Pharmaceutical, he continues taking the drug as he has decided to carry the pregnancy to term; initially annoyed, Larry agrees to keep it hidden. Alex develops a relationship with Diana, and reveals his pregnancy to Angela, Larry's ex-wife, who also happens to be pregnant by Aerosmith's personal trainer.Diana is stunned and angry when it is revealed that the "Junior" ovum is hers, and Banes attempts to take credit for the experiment. Disguised as a woman, Alex hides in a retreat for expectant mothers, blaming his masculine appearance on anabolic steroid use. Diana visits, telling him it does not matter who is pregnant because he is the father and she is the mother. Larry reveals the experiment's data to Lyndon Pharmaceutical, who agree to partner with them.Alex experiences abdominal pain from the start of labor, calling for Larry and Diana. As Diana rushes to the resort, Larry tells a fellow doctor to prepare for an emergency c-section. A hospital staffer overhears and alerts Banes, who summons the media and the University Dean, hoping to take credit for the world's first pregnant man. Warned by a colleague, Larry creates a decoy for Alex to allow a private c-section. When Larry arrives, the news media only see the pregnant Angela, discrediting Banes, who is fired by the Dean. Diana and Alex enter the hospital by the fire escape, and he has an emergency c-section. Sent to keep Angela company in the waiting room, Diana finds her in labor and becomes her delivery coach. Alex gives birth to a healthy baby girl, and Larry announces the arrival to Diana, who is assisting Angela with contractions. Diana leaves Angela with Larry and rushes to see the baby, whom she and Alex name Junior. Larry delivers Angela's child and they reconcile to raise the boy, Jake, as their own.One year later, the families all go on vacation together and celebrate the birthdays of Junior and Jake. Diana is pregnant with their second child, and Angela mentions wanting another baby but not wishing to endure pregnancy again; they all try to convince a reluctant Larry to carry the child.
729	Nell (1994)	Drama	When Violet Kellty, who had an undiagnosed stroke, dies in her secluded cabin in the North Carolina mountains, Dr. Jerry Lovell, the town doctor, discovers a frightened young woman hiding in the house rafters. She speaks angrily and rapidly, but seems to communicate using a unique language. While examining Violet's Bible, Jerry finds a note instructing whoever discovers it to care for Violet's daughter, Nell. Sheriff Todd Peterson shows Jerry a news clipping revealing that Nell was conceived through rape. Jerry seeks assistance from Dr. Paula Olsen, a researcher specializing in autistic children. Paula, along with her colleague Dr. Al Paley, is interested in studying a "wild child" (feral child), although Al persists in labeling Nell as such despite evidence to the contrary in filmed observations.Paula and Al obtain a court order to institutionalize Nell for further study, but Jerry hires lawyer Don Fontana to prevent this. The judge grants Jerry and Paula three months to interact with Nell and understand her needs. Paula arrives on a houseboat equipped with electronic monitoring equipment to observe Nell's behavior, while Jerry chooses to stay in a tent near Nell's cabin to quietly observe her.Paula eventually deduces that Nell's seemingly indecipherable language is a form of English, influenced by her mother's aphasic speech after a stroke and her secret language shared with her deceased identical twin sister. A tentative friendship forms between Jerry and Paula. Nell, who sleeps during the day and only ventures outside after sunset, comes to trust Jerry, viewing him as the "gah'inja" her mother promised would arrive. Jerry later realizes that "gah'inja" is Nell's term for "guardian angel."To alleviate Nell's fear of evildoers and the possibility of rape, Paula encourages Jerry to swim with Nell in the lake, allowing her to feel his body, hug him, and have fun. Using popcorn as an incentive, Jerry succeeds in coaxing Nell outside into the sunlight. Nell leads Jerry and Paula to the decayed remains of her identical twin sister, May, who died in a fall while playing in the woods.When reporter Mike Ibarra learns of Nell's existence and visits her cabin, Nell initially displays curiosity, but the camera flash frightens her. Jerry intervenes, ejecting the reporter. He later realizes the reporter isn't from the press and apologizes for overreacting but requests that he forget their encounter. Paula believes that Nell would be safer in a hospital, while Jerry argues for leaving Nell alone to live as she pleases. An argument ensues, with Paula accusing Jerry of exploiting Nell for his own satisfaction. However, Nell manages to calm them down after overhearing their conversation.Ultimately, they decide to introduce Nell to the world, taking her to town. There, Nell befriends Mary, Todd's depressed wife, goes shopping with Jerry and Paula, but also encounters some unruly boys in a pool hall. Jerry intervenes when they ask her to expose herself. Jerry and Paula provide Nell with a book about love, romance, and intimacy to help her understand the concept. She demonstrates her understanding by having Jerry and Paula touch each other's faces, strengthening their bond.With increased media intrusion, Jerry and Paula take Nell to a hospital for her protection. There, Nell becomes extremely despondent and unresponsive after seeing a vision of May. Jerry removes her from the hospital and hides her in a hotel. Paula joins him, and the two confess their love for each other.At the subsequent court hearing, Al, who wants to study Nell in a controlled environment, asserts that Nell has Asperger syndrome and should be institutionalized. Nell then steps forward and, with Jerry interpreting, speaks for herself, reassuring everyone that there is no need to fear or worry for her, as her sorrows are no greater than anyone else's.Five years later, Jerry and Paula bring their daughter, Ruthie, to visit Nell in her house on her birthday, and friends surround her. Nell treats Ruthie like a little sister and takes her to the lake, although this reminds her of May.
730	Queen Margot (Reine Margot, La) (1994)	Drama, Romance	During the late 16th century, Catholics and Protestant Huguenots are fighting over political control of France, which is ruled by the neurotic, hypochondriac King Charles IX, and his mother, Catherine de' Medici, a scheming power player. Catherine decides to make an overture of goodwill by offering up her daughter Margot in marriage to Henri de Bourbon, a prominent Huguenot and King of Navarre. She wants to diplomatically spare the sensibilities of Pope Gregory XIII and Spain on the one hand, and the Protestant states on the other, and above all appease the hatred and rivalries within the kingdom between the Catholic party of Duke Henri de Guise (Miguel Bosé) and the Protestant faction led by Admiral Gaspard de Coligny (Jean-Claude Brialy). Soon after, she schemes to bring about the notorious St. Bartholomew's Day Massacre of 1572, when thousands of Protestants are slaughtered. The marriage goes forward but Margot, who does not love Henri, begins a passionate affair with the soldier La Môle, also a Protestant from a well-to-do family. Murders by poisoning follow, as court intrigues multiply and Queen Catherine's villainous plotting to place her son the Duke of Anjou on the throne threatens the lives of La Môle, Margot and Henri of Navarre. A book with pages painted with arsenic is intended for Henri but instead causes the slow, agonizing death of King Charles. Henri escapes to Navarre and sends La Môle to fetch Margot, but Guise apprehends him. La Môle is beheaded in the Bastille before Margot can save him, and King Charles finally dies. Margot escapes carrying La Môle's embalmed head as Anjou is proclaimed King of France as Henry III.
731	Corrina, Corrina (1994)	Comedy, Drama, Romance	In 1959 Los Angeles, jingle writer Manny Singer is a recent widower with a young daughter, Molly, who is grieving the death of her mother, Annie, and refuses to speak. Manny decides to hire a housekeeper-nanny to help fill the void of his wife's absence as he returns to work.The first housekeeper Manny hires quickly quits; soon afterward African-American Corrina Washington interviews for the position. Since Molly responds well to her, Manny hires Corrina, and she quickly forms a strong bond with Molly. By one or two nose taps, Corrina works out a system for Molly to communicate "yes" or "no" without having to  speak. To help Molly heal from her mother's death, Corrina tells Molly that her mother is in heaven. Atheist Manny, whose wife was also atheist, objects to the religious indoctrination. Molly also begins to spend time with Corrina's family, who welcome her into their home and take her to church. At an office party, Manny is introduced to Jenny, a perky divorcee with two young sons. Still struggling with losing Annie, Manny is not ready to date. Corrina's sister, Jevina, encourages her to date Anthony, a man of their race, but Corrina shows no interest.A grief-stricken Molly returns to an all-white school, where she is mocked for adding Corrina, the maid, to her family picture. Desperate to go home, she runs into Corrina's arms at the end of the day. That night, when Molly has a nightmare, Corrina tells Molly that she is allowed to be mad at her mother for dying. Manny admits how hurt he is about losing Annie and how much he misses her too. When Corrina returns home late after dealing with Molly’s trauma, Jevina chastises Corrina for spending too much unpaid time with her employer’s family. Molly begs Corrina to let her stay home from school, and Corrina secretly agrees, taking Molly along on her second job cleaning other clients’ homes. As Corrina becomes increasingly involved with Molly and Manny, she becomes indispensable, even helping Manny develop a new jingle and rhyme for advertising client Jello.  Slowly Manny and Corrina discover they are compatible, sharing similar values, humor, and a love of music. After the successful Jello advertising campaign, Manny comes home with flowers for Molly and Corrina, with plans for a celebratory dinner at a restaurant. Their celebration is interrupted by a visit from Jenny, and Corrina leaves when Manny does not disclose their prior celebratory plans to Jenny.The next day, when a flustered Corrina arrives at work, Manny apologizes for allowing Jenny's uninvited visit to change their plans. They argue like a couple to the extent that upon its conclusion they unconsciously share a kiss on the cheek, witnessed by Manny's nosey neighbor, as Manny leaves for work. That night, after Molly goes to bed, Corrina and Manny talk about their absent spouses, share a moonlight dance, and kiss, witnessed by a spying Molly. Molly asks her grandfather, Harry, to make sure that Manny marries Corrina. As Corrina and Manny fall in love, they face prejudice as an interracial couple.After weeks of playing hooky from school, Corrina tells Molly that she must return to school the next week. When Manny receives a call from Molly’s school, he is furious at the deception. He tells Corrina that she is not Molly's mother and fires her; Molly becomes withdrawn again.  Manny learns that Harry has died and ponders another loss. After Harry’s funeral, Manny visits Corrina at her house to inform her of Harry's death and to properly apologize. After an initially unsuccessful attempt at reconciliation, Corrina overhears Manny’s plea to God to help him out. She informs him that she quits as his employee, and he assures her that she has been replaced. After embracing and kissing, she brings him inside to formally meet her family. Meanwhile, Molly is at home singing "This Little Light of Mine" to cheer up her grandmother, Eva, who joins in to please her. While they sing, Manny and Corrina return, and Molly joyfully runs to Corrina.
732	Dave (1993)	Comedy, Romance	Kevin Delaney Kline (born October 24, 1947) is an American actor. In a career spanning over five decades, he has become a prominent leading man across both stage and screen. His accolades include an Academy Award and three Tony Awards, along with nominations for two British Academy Film Awards, two Primetime Emmy Awards, and five Golden Globe Awards. In 2003, he was inducted into the American Theatre Hall of Fame. Kline began his acting career on stage in 1972 with The Acting Company and gained prominence for his numerous performances with The Public Theatre and in New York Shakespeare Festival. He has gone on to win three Tony Awards for his work on Broadway, including wins in Best Featured Actor in a Musical in On the Twentieth Century (1978), Best Actor in a Musical for The Pirates of Penzance (1981), and Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for the revival of Noël Coward's Present Laughter (2017). He was Tony-nominated for playing John Falstaff in Henry IV (2004). Kline made his film debut in Sophie's Choice (1982) before winning the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his comedic role in A Fish Called Wanda (1988). He also acted in The Pirates of Penzance (1983), Silverado (1985), Cry Freedom (1987), The January Man (1989), Soapdish (1991), Grand Canyon (1991), Chaplin (1992), Dave (1993), The Ice Storm (1997), In & Out (1997), The Emperor's Club (2002), A Prairie Home Companion (2006), and Beauty and the Beast (2017). He also voiced roles in The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1996) and The Road to El Dorado (2000). On television, Kline started his career in the soap opera Search for Tomorrow (1976). He received nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited or Movie for playing the title role in the PBS production of Cyrano de Bergerac (2008). He starred in the Apple TV+ miniseries Disclaimer (2024). Since 2011, he has voiced Calvin Fischoeder in the animated sitcom Bob's Burgers.
733	Go Fish (1994)	Drama, Romance	Max is a young lesbian college student in Chicago who has gone ten months without having sex. She and her roommate and college professor Kia are in a coffee shop when they run into Ely, a hippieish woman with long braided hair, whom Max initially dismisses. Max and Ely end up going to a film together, and afterward return to Ely's place, where, after some flirtatious conversation, they kiss. They are interrupted by a phone call from Ely's partner Kate, with whom Ely has been in a long-distance relationship for more than two years, which puts a bit of a damper on things.Ely decides to cut her hair into a very short butch style. At a bookstore, she meets Max, who barely recognizes her.Kia's girlfriend Evy returns to her family's home to find her ex-husband Junior there and be confronted by her mother, who tells her that Junior told her he spotted Evy at a gay bar. Evy's mother throws her out, and Evy flees to Kia's place, where Max invites her to live with them.Ely and her roommate Daria throw a dinner party and, after a spirited game of I Never, Max and Ely reconnect. After making plans to go out again, they kiss. Over the course of several phone conversations, Ely reveals that she's "sort of broken up" with Kate. They meet for a second date, but they make it out of the apartment; Max ends up trimming Ely's fingernails, which turns into foreplay before they have sex. Intercut with the closing credits are shots and short scenes of Max and Ely's burgeoning relationship.
734	Made in America (1993)	Comedy	Zora Matthews takes a blood test and discovers she has a blood group which is not a possible combination of the groups of her deceased father and her mother Sarah. She confronts her mother and is told she used a sperm bank after her husband's death, but asked for a smart black guy.Zora's curiosity gets the better of her and she gets her best friend Tea Cake to go to the sperm bank and pretend to be a donor while she sneaks in to look at the records. Zora gets into the computer and the records show her mother was matched with a Halbert Jackson and gives his social security number.In his luxury mansion, Hal finishes a night of lovemaking with his young girlfriend Stacy before setting off to work. As he reverses out of the garage, Zora gets in the way. She gets in his pickup truck and he goes to his work: Jackson's Motors. She is shocked that he is white. Hal is a flamboyant salesman of his own premises and is shooting an advert with a real bear. Zora interrupts and tells him he is her father. He does not behave well and shows no sympathy or empathy.Her mom goes to confront Hal about how nasty he was. Zora and Tea Cake follow, but Tea Cake is diverted by the car saleswoman. Sarah and Hal are very different in every way. Hal plies her with drink and she cycles off in a drunken state. Hal drives her to her shop "African Queen" with the cycle in the back of the truck. The shop specializes in black authors. Upstairs is a shrine-like room with many pictures of Zora growing up, plus pictures of Sarah's late husband Charles, who Zora had been told was her father.Back in his mansion Hal gets emotional in regard to a father-daughter scene in a film on TV: Shirley Temple in The Little Princess.With his penchant for hiring wild animals Hal next hires an Indian elephant but while riding it, the elephant charges off through the streets, ending in a pond. It has been following the sound of the bell on Sarah's bike. Hal takes out his anger on her bike and rips the bell off. News coverage of Hal and the elephant accidentally gives free publicity to his dealership and he has a sales bonanza on the following day.In apology, Hal later goes to her house with a present: a new bell plus a cycling helmet. He also has a present for Zora: an atlas to encourage her world travel. His assistant Diego arrives to take Zora on a date. This inspires Hal to ask Sarah out for dinner and they go for sushi. Hal is not used to sushi and eats a whole ball of wasabi. Hal starts flirting heavily and they kiss goodnight. It gets more passionate but just as they get to the bedroom Zora and Diego get home. Zora becomes upset since she wanted to find her father but doesn't want her mom becoming romantically involved with him.Both Hal and Sarah start thinking about each other. When Sarah goes to the dealership, they argue and Sarah cycles off in an emotional state. She gets hit by a car when she runs a red light. She is not wearing her new helmet and is badly injured. Hal and Zora go to the hospital and give blood. They sit by her bedside as she recovers.Stacy breaks up with Hal because he was out all night.When he goes back to the hospital a medic inadvertently reveals that a blood test shows that he cannot be Zora's father. Hal tells Sarah and Zora. Zora runs off. He apologises to Sarah.Zora and Tea Cake graduate from school. Zora wins a Westinghouse scholarship to MIT. In her commencement speech, Zora gives her mother all the credit. Hal arrives to see Zora, who he now considers his daughter, graduate. He helps Sarah up the steps and Zora thanks her Mom and Dad.
735	Philadelphia (1993)	Drama	Andrew Beckett is a senior associate at the largest corporate law firm in Philadelphia. He conceals his homosexuality and his status as an AIDS patient from others in the office. A partner in the firm notices a lesion on Beckett's forehead. Although Beckett attributes the lesion to a racquetball injury, it indicates Kaposi's sarcoma, an AIDS-defining condition.Beckett stays home from work for several days to try to find a way to hide his lesions. He finishes the paperwork for a case he has been assigned and brings it to his office, leaving instructions for his assistants to file it the following day, which marks the end of the statute of limitations for the case. The next day, he receives a call asking for the paperwork, as it cannot be found and there are no copies on the computer's hard drive. His paperwork is finally located in an alternative location and is filed with the court at the last moment. Beckett is called to a meeting the morning afterwards where the firm's partners dismiss him.Beckett believes someone deliberately hid the paperwork to give the firm an excuse to fire him and that the termination is a result of his AIDS status and his sexuality. He asks ten attorneys to represent him in suing the firm for wrongful dismissal, the last of whom is African-American personal injury lawyer Joe Miller, whom Beckett previously opposed in a different case. Miller appears uncomfortable that a man with AIDS is in his office. After declining to take the case, Miller immediately visits his doctor to find out if he could have contracted the disease. The doctor explains that the routes of HIV infection do not include casual contact.Unable to find representation from another lawyer, Beckett feels compelled to act as his own attorney. While conducting research at a law library, Miller sees Beckett at a nearby table. A librarian approaches Beckett and says that he has found a case of AIDS discrimination for him. As others in the library begin to stare uneasily, the librarian suggests Beckett go to a private room. Seeing parallels in racial discrimination he has experienced, Miller approaches Beckett, reviews the material he has gathered, and agrees to take the case.As the case goes to trial, the partners of the firm take the stand, each claiming that Beckett was incompetent and that he had deliberately tried to hide his condition. The defense repeatedly point out Beckett brought AIDS upon himself via willing gay sex with strangers and is therefore not a victim. It is revealed that the partner who noticed Beckett's lesion, Walter Kenton, previously worked with a woman who contracted AIDS after a blood transfusion and thus he should have recognized the lesion as being a symptom of an AIDS-related illness. According to Kenton, the woman was an innocent victim, unlike Beckett, and he further testifies that he did not recognize Beckett's lesion. To prove that the lesions would have been visible, Miller asks Beckett to unbutton his shirt while on the witness stand, revealing that his lesions are indeed visible and recognizable as such. Throughout the trial, Miller's homophobia slowly disappears as he and Beckett bond from working together.Beckett collapses and is hospitalized after Charles Wheeler, the partner he most admired, testifies against him. Another partner, Bob Seidman, confesses that he suspected Beckett had AIDS but never told anyone and refused to let him discuss it, which he deeply regrets. During Beckett's hospital stay, the jury votes in his favor, awarding him back pay, damages for pain and suffering, and punitive damages, totaling over $5 million. Miller visits the visibly frail Beckett in the hospital after the verdict and overcomes his fear enough to touch Beckett's face. After the family leaves the room, Beckett tells his lover Miguel Alvarez that he is "ready". At the Miller home later that night, Miller and his wife are awakened by a phone call from Miguel, who tells them that Beckett has died. A memorial is held at Beckett's home, where many mourners, including Miller and his family, view home movies of Beckett as a happy child.
736	Shadowlands (1993)	Drama, Romance	In the 1950s, the reserved, middle-aged bachelor C. S. Lewis is an Oxford University academic at Magdalen College and author of The Chronicles of Narnia series of children's books. He meets the married American poet Joy Davidman Gresham and her young son Douglas on their visit to England, not yet knowing the circumstances of Gresham's troubled marriage.What begins as a formal meeting of two very different minds slowly develops into a feeling of connection and love. Lewis finds his quiet life with his brother Warnie disrupted by the outspoken Gresham, whose uninhibited behaviour sharply contrasts with the rigid sensibilities of the male-dominated university. Each provides the other with new ways of viewing the world.When Joy is diagnosed with cancer, deeper feelings surface and the two of them marry. Lewis' beliefs are tested as his wife tries to prepare him for her death.
737	Sirens (1994)	Comedy, Drama	Tony, an Anglican priest newly arrived in Australia from the United Kingdom, is asked to visit the notorious artist Norman Lindsay, out of the church's concern about a blasphemous painting of the crucifix that the artist plans to exhibit.Estella, the priest's wife, accompanies him on the visit to the artist's bucolic compound in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales. There, they meet Lindsay's wife, Rose, two models, Pru and Sheela, and the maid, Giddy, all of whom pose for Lindsay. Devlin, the half-blind and mute "odd-job" man, also poses for Lindsay.Initially, Tony and Estella are both disturbed by the frank conversations about human sexuality in which the members of the bohemian group all participate. They are further startled by the amount of nudity they encounter, both in the studio and outside. As the story unfolds, both Tony and Estella find themselves observing the young women bathing naked in a nearby pool and instead of turning instantly away, each pauses to watch.Joining the models to swim one morning, Estella is shocked when they bathe naked (she and the maid have come in swimming costumes). Estella is further shocked when Devlin arrives on the scene and the naked women flirt with him, knowing that he cannot see them. On a later occasion, Estella observes the two models caressing the maid, and joins them in stroking her. She doesn't realise that her husband, walking nearby, observes this and is disturbed by the scene's sexual content. At another time, Estella observes Devlin sunbathing naked, and flees when she realises he knows she is there.(Near the end of the film, Lindsay throws a yard tool toward Devlin, who catches it with one hand, indicating he may not be blind at all.)Estella is increasingly affected by the sensuality of her surroundings and the bohemian attitude towards sexuality. Her relationship with her husband includes intimacy and commitment, but lacks passion.The surroundings and the lives of the models are siren calls that lead Estella to fantasize with increasing intensity, and (with encouragement from the models) act on a few of her impulses. She suffers morning-after remorse about a late-night visit to Devlin. Influenced by supportive words from her husband, who had witnessed her earlier intimacy with the models, Estella shares a passionate moment with her husband.While Tony is outraged to discover his wife's naked likeness included in one of Lindsay's paintings of a group of naked women, Estella merely observes that it is a good likeness, thus deflating her husband's moral outrage and threats to sue. The next day, Tony and Estella leave the bucolic compound. They travel back home on a train in a shared suite and, showing a changed attitude, Estella caresses Tony with her stocking-covered foot. She falls asleep on the train, and dreams she is naked on a cliff with the other women.
738	Threesome (1994)	Comedy, Romance	Due to an administrative error, two male college students — the shy and intellectual Eddy, and the All-American jock Stuart — end up with a female roommate. The university thought that Alex was a man (based on her name), and thus, the three students are forced to live with each other until the university can move Alex to a female residence hall.Alex falls in love and tries unsuccessfully to seduce Eddy (who is gay); Eddy falls in love with Stuart; Stuart is in love with Alex. The trio become good friends and scare off anyone who tries to seduce the other. Eventually, Alex, Stuart and Eddy agree to have an actual threesome that seems to destroy the friendship, and raises the possibility that Alex might have become pregnant.After the threesome, they start to drift apart. Three weeks later, the semester ends; Alex moves to an apartment and Eddy gets a single dorm. Eddy (the film's narrator) eventually finds a boyfriend, Stuart finds happiness in a monogamous relationship with a woman, and Alex remains single. While they now only see each other for lunch occasionally, they do not seem to regret the friendship they had while in college.
739	Pretty Woman (1990)	Comedy, Romance	One night while leaving a business party in the Hollywood Hills, corporate raider Edward Lewis takes his lawyer Philip's Lotus Esprit and finds himself in the red-light district on Hollywood Boulevard, where he meets street walker Vivian Ward. Lost and struggling to operate the stickshift car, Edward accepts Vivian's offer to drive him to the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel. Impulsively, he hires her for the whole night, and despite initial awkwardness, they have sex in his penthouse suite. The following day, Edward asks Vivian to stay for the week, as he must attend a series of business events while attempting to acquire Jim Morse's shipbuilding company. After negotiating, Edward and Vivian agree on $3,000. He also gives her money to buy appropriate clothes.When Vivian tries to shop on Rodeo Drive, snobbish and rude saleswomen turn her away because of the way she looks. She asks hotel manager Barney for assistance. He gets store saleslady Bridget to find her a cocktail dress for that evening's business dinner. Later, she gets Barney to teach her table etiquette. Edward is astounded by Vivian’s transformation. At dinner, he introduces Vivian to Morse and his grandson David, who is to take over the company. The dinner does not go well, as they are unhappy with Edward's plan to dismantle their company. Later, Edward tells Vivian about his personal and business life, including his estranged relationship with his late father.Edward takes Vivian along as his date to a polo match. When Philip sees Vivian talking to David Morse, he tells Edward his suspicions that she is a corporate spy. Edward dismisses Philip's concerns by explaining their arrangement. With the knowledge of Vivian's true background, the married Philip talks to her alone and crudely propositions her for her services. Back in Edward's suite, Vivian is angry with Edward for exposing her in that way. He apologizes, admitting that he was jealous of Vivian talking to David. Edward takes Vivian by private jet to see La traviata at the San Francisco Opera, a story about a prostitute who falls in love with a wealthy man. She is moved, and she breaks her "no kissing" rule before having sex with him. Believing Edward has fallen asleep, Vivian says she loves him.As the week is almost finished, Edward offers to get Vivian a condominium and an allowance, promising to visit her regularly. However, Vivian feels he is treating her like a prostitute. She shares her childhood fantasy of being rescued by a knight on a white steed. Edward meets with Morse, but chooses to work with him to save his company instead of dismantling it. Philip, furious that Edward's new direction has cost him a fortune, goes to the Beverly Wilshire to confront him. He finds Vivian. Blaming her for Edward's changes and angry at his business decision, Philip hits her and attempts to rape her. Edward arrives, pulls Philip off Vivian, punches him, and fires him. After completing his business in Los Angeles, Edward asks Vivian to stay with him for one more night, but only if she wants to, not because he is paying her. She gently refuses and leaves after telling him she thinks he has "lots of special gifts".Vivian returns to her apartment hotel to pack for her move to San Francisco to get a new job and a high-school diploma. She gives her roommate, fellow prostitute Kit De Luca, some money and tells her she has "a lot of potential". Kit leaves sex work and enrolls in beauty classes. Vivian then waits in the apartment for the bus. Edward has the chauffeur take him to her apartment. He climbs out of the white limousine's sunroof and ascends the fire escape to "rescue" Vivian, just like the knight in her childhood fantasy. When he asks her what happens after the knight rescues her, she responds, "She rescues him right back", and kisses him.
740	Jane Eyre (1996)	Drama, Romance	Jane Eyre (portrayed as the orphan girl by Anna Paquin and as an independent woman by Charlotte Gainsbourg) is a plain, impoverished lady hired by Mr. Rochester (William Hurt) through Mrs. Fairfax (Joan Plowright) to work as a governess for Adèle (Josephine Serre). Despite her mild unprepossessing nun-like manner, Jane has strong hidden passions and shows her strong character by expressing her opinions and showing resolve in times of trouble. Rochester is a Byronic anti-hero, tortured and tormented by family troubles, past injustices and secrets. Rochester and Jane develop a mutual affinity. They fall in love and the marriage date is set. What Jane does not realize is that she must share the estate and, ultimately, Mr. Rochester with his wife, Bertha (Maria Schneider), who is mentally ill and is confined in an upstairs attic with a nurse, Grace Poole (Billie Whitelaw).The marriage is stopped by Bertha's brother Richard Mason (Edward de Souza) and lawyer Briggs (Peter Woodthorpe). Jane flees; her world in ruins. She recovers in the parsonage, her aunt's original home, and discovers she is now wealthy through inheriting her long-lost uncle's fortune in Madeira. She receives a proposal of marriage from Parson St. John Rivers, but her heart and soul are with Rochester. Jane goes back to find Rochester's house, Thornfield Hall, burnt down and Rochester crippled and blinded by a fire set by Bertha, who perished. However, Jane's love for Rochester is undiminished; she nurses him back to health, he recovers his eyesight, and they marry.
741	Last Supper, The (1995)	Drama, Thriller	Jude, Pete, Paulie, Marc and Luke are graduate school students living together in a house in Iowa. Marc is an aspiring painter, Pete is a law student from a wealthy family, Paulie is studying social work, Jude is studying psychology and Luke is completing a doctorate in political science.After Zack, a Desert Storm veteran and truck driver, helps move Pete's car, the group invites him to have dinner at their home. However, Zack turns out to be a racist, xenophobic and Holocaust denier who praises Adolf Hitler, leading to a tense political debate with the liberal students.The evening takes a turn for the worse when the veteran snaps and holds a knife to Marc's throat, threatening to kill him and rape Paulie. Zack releases Marc, and then Pete holds a knife to his throat, but he easily incapacitates Pete and breaks his arm. After Zack releases Pete, Marc fatally stabs Zack in the back, and the group decides to cover up the murder. Paulie regrets that Zack is dead even though he threatened her and Marc.After a long discussion, the students decide to follow up this event by inviting other conservatives for dinner to murder them, reasoning this would "make the world a better place". They lay down a procedure for each murder. The guest will be given every opportunity to change his/her mind and recant his/her beliefs. If the guest fails to change their ways by dessert, the guest is offered poisoned white wine from a blue decanter and raises a toast. The bodies are buried in the vegetable garden.Guests, all of whom are murdered, include a homophobic protestant reverend, a misogynistic, chauvinistic rape apologist; a Neo-Nazi; an anti-environmentalist; a racist, anti-Semitic Nation of Islam fundamentalist; an anti-abortion activist; a censorship advocate; a man who beats homeless people (the only dinner guest who momentarily considers recanting his beliefs); and critics of gay rights.After ten murders, misgivings begin to surface within the group as a few grow indecisive regarding the justification of their actions. Infighting and guilt compel them to spare a teenage opponent of mandatory sex education, despite the protests of Luke and Pete.Sheriff Alice Stanley, investigating the whereabouts of missing girl Jenny Tyler, comes upon the group. By coincidence, the main suspect in the case is Zack, their first victim, who was also a convicted sex offender. The sheriff grows suspicious of the students’ behavior, questioning Pete, Marc, and Paulie at their home. Finding Stanley trespassing in their backyard, Luke – increasingly unhinged – kills Stanley, unbeknownst to the rest.During a school break, Luke and Pete meet famous conservative pundit Norman Arbuthnot, a regular on TV news and talk shows, and invite him to dinner. During dinner, Norman stymies them with his moderate and persuasive arguments, all of which the usually argumentative group has difficulty debunking. He even admits that he says more radically conservative things mostly for attention.The frustrated students all excuse themselves to the kitchen to determine Norman's fate. Before excusing himself, Jude warns Norman that the wine in the blue bottle has gone bad. In the kitchen, after a brief discussion, only Luke still wishes to kill Norman, calling him Hitler. After a tense altercation, Luke is dissuaded and breaks down into tears.Meanwhile, Norman examines the home and pieces together their murderous activities. When they return to the table, Norman presents them with glasses of wine and offers them a toast but does not drink himself, with the excuse that he has to fly his private plane. He puffs on a huge cigar and says, "Don't worry, I didn't pour any of the bad wine."A closing shot of a painting portrays all five students collapsed on the floor, with Norman standing next to the blue bottle and smoking his cigar. The film ends with audio of Norman speculating about his possible presidential bid to a cheering crowd, pledging to do the people's will.
742	Ransom (1996)	Drama, Thriller	While millionaire airline magnate Tom Mullen and his wife Kate attend a science fair, their son Sean is kidnapped and taken to an apartment by Maris Conner, a caterer working for the Mullens; brothers Clark and Cubby Barnes; and tech expert Miles Roberts. Jimmy Shaker, an NYPD detective who is Maris' boyfriend, leads the operation. The kidnappers send Tom and Kate a video of Sean demanding $2 million. Tom calls the FBI, who operate from his NYC penthouse under Special Agent Lonnie Hawkins.Tom agrees to the FBI's plan for delivering the ransom. Receiving a phone call from Shaker, who electronically disguises his voice, Tom follows his instructions. He meets Cubby in a New Jersey quarry but refuses to hand over the money when Cubby does not give him the kidnapper's promised directions to Sean. During the ensuing fight, the FBI shoots Cubby, who dies before revealing Sean's location. Tom realizes the kidnapper has no intention of returning Sean alive. Appearing on television, he presents the money with a warning he would not only refuse to pay the kidnappers, but offers the ransom money as a bounty on the kidnapper, dead or alive. Tom promises to withdraw the bounty and drop all charges only if the kidnapper returns Sean alive and unharmed. With a target on their back, Maris and Clark consider killing Sean and burying the body, but Shaker threatened them and ordered them to stay the course.Shaker lures Kate to a meeting where he assaults her and presents Sean's blood-stained T-shirt as a warning to pay the ransom, but Tom responds by doubling the bounty to $4 million. Shaker calls him to give him one final warning to pay, but he still refuses. Infuriated, Shaker fires a gunshot in a wall after Tom hears Sean scream for help, leading Sean's parents to believe he is dead. Clark and Miles attempt to abandon the plan and flee, but Shaker, still determined to claim the ransom, requests police backup claiming to have found the kidnappers then kills both men. When Maris shoots him in the arm from behind, he kills her as well. The NYPD arrives to find Shaker with a badly beaten Sean, bound and eyes duct-taped over, while believing Shaker rescued Sean. Tom and Kate reunite with their son, while Shaker is hospitalized.Shaker arrives at Tom's penthouse to claim the reward. However, both Sean and Tom recognize his voice and expressions as the kidnapper. Exposed, Shaker plans to kill everyone in the apartment if Tom attempts a double cross, but Tom persuades him to accompany him to the bank to get the money and leave peacefully. On the way, Tom discreetly alerts Hawkins, and the police and FBI converge on Tom and Shaker outside the bank.As soon as Tom and Shaker exit the bank, two police officers attempt to detain Shaker, who shoots them. Tom knocks him to the ground, they struggle and hurl each other through a store window. Tom holds Shaker at gunpoint as the police and Hawkins arrive. In desperation, Shaker draws another gun from his ankle-holster but is shot dead by Tom and Hawkins. Police rush in to arrest Tom, but Hawkins orders them to stand down. Tom is allowed to leave the scene with Kate.
743	Crow: City of Angels, The (1996)	Action, Thriller	In Los Angeles, drug kingpin Judah Earl has mechanic Ashe Corven and his eight-year-old son Danny murdered after they witness a gang of Judah's henchmen murdering a fellow drug dealer, with his gang dumping Ashe and Danny's bodies into the harbor. Sometime after, Judah force OD's one of his dealers for destroying his product without his consent despite the protest that his product was tainted.The now adult Sarah Mohr works in a tattoo parlor by day and paints surreal images of death and resurrection in her apartment at night. She is haunted by disturbing dreams about Ashe and Danny. After a day's work in the tattoo parlor, Sarah is visited in her apartment by a large crow as she contemplates a ring that Eric Draven gave her.Sarah follows the crow to the harbor at night on All Saints' Day, and witnesses Ashe's resurrection and frantic escape from his watery grave before taking him to her apartment. When Sarah tells Ashe he is dead, he panics and runs screaming into the night, ending up at his own home, where he relives the final moments of his life.Sarah arrives there to find Ashe brooding, and she explains that the Crow resurrected him so that he can exact revenge on the criminals who killed him and Danny. Guided by the crow, Ashe decides to kill Judah's henchmen, one by one. Ashe dons the face paint with some leather attire and first visits Spider-Monkey in a drug warehouse and interrogates him as to who else was involved in the murders before blowing up the warehouse, engulfing Spider Monkey in flames while Ashe walked away unscathed with glass shards depicting a crow is left behind. Another of Judah's lackeys, Nemo, is spending the night at a peeping booth. Ashe appears in the booth and kills him, leaving a doll stuffed in his pants and a paper crow in his mouth.Judah has employed a blind prophetess named Sybil who is able to ascertain Ashe's link to Sarah and to the crow that is the source of his powers and Judah orders his crew to find her. Curve and Kali interrogate her boss, Noah, about her whereabouts but ended up killing him after he refused to comply. Ashe later returns to the scene of the crime where he recovers Danny's body and buries him.One of the murderers, Kali, goes to Sarah's apartment to capture Sarah and draw Ashe out. While battling her, Ashe realizes that Kali is the one who killed Danny; enraged, he throws her against a wall that breaks her leg, and then out a window to her death, leaving a crow-shaped blood pattern. Ashe then pursues Judah's right-hand-man, Curve, in a motorcycle chase. Ashe shoots Curve's motorcycle, which blows up and throws Curve onto the road. Ashe then drags Curve into the nearby river, places a coin in his mouth, and sends him floating downstream, leaving him to die as parishioners cast down flower petals in the shape of a crow.During the Day of the Dead festival, Judah captures the crow and impales its wings with knives before killing it. He then ingests the crow's blood, stealing Ashe's power. Suddenly mortal, Ashe nearly dies from the shock, but is revived after seeing a vision of Danny telling him to keep fighting. Ashe attempts to rescue Sarah by seeking out Judah in his lair, an abandoned church. Judah overpowers the weakened Ashe in the ensuing fight, tying a rope around him and savagely whipping him, intending to hang him.Sybil releases Sarah from her bonds, allowing Sarah to escape as she rushes up and stabs Judah in the forehead, causing Judah to drop Ashe. Judah pulls out the knife and starts moving toward Ashe. When Sarah intervenes, Judah stabs her in the stomach. Ashe gets up and impales Judah on a metal pipe, which fails to kill him. Ashe calls upon a murder of crows that devour Judah. Sarah dies from her stab wound, a tableau reminiscent of a painting she completed earlier. Ashe returns to death, knowing that he can rest in peace with Sarah, and his son.
744	Michael Collins (1996)	Drama, War	At the close of the Easter Rising in 1916, the besieged Irish republicans surrender to the British Army at the republicans' headquarters in Dublin. Several key figures of the Rising, including Patrick Pearse, Thomas MacDonagh, Tom Clarke and James Connolly, are executed by firing squad. Only Éamon de Valera is spared from execution due to his American citizenship, but is imprisoned alongside Michael Collins and Harry Boland.The 1918 Irish general election results in the victorious Sinn Féin party unilaterally declaring Irish independence and in so doing beginning the Irish War of Independence. De Valera is elected President and Collins is appointed Director of Intelligence for the emerging IRA. Ned Broy, officially a member of the loyalist G Division, sympathises with the independence cause and tips Collins off that the Castle intends to arrest the entire Cabinet that evening. De Valera, sensing that the arrest will spark a worldwide outcry, dissuades his cabinet from going into hiding and persuades them to allow their arrests to take place. Collins and Boland evade arrest, though there is no response to the wider action.As the last senior leader still free, Collins begins a counter-intelligence campaign with help from Broy. Numerous assassinations of agents and Irish collaborators are carried out by the IRA's Dublin Brigade. De Valera soon breaks out of Lincoln Prison, but announces on his return to Ireland that he will go to the United States to seek President Woodrow Wilson's official recognition of the Irish Republic. The war continues to intensify; the British assign SIS Officer Soames to counter the Irish Republican Army, though he and several of his agents are killed in an attack orchestrated by Collins. To retaliate, the Black and Tans are sent to Dublin to open fire on unarmed citizens who were in support of an independent Ireland; culminating in a massacre at Croke Park, in which 14 people are killed during a peaceful Gaelic football game. Broy's assistance to Collins is also discovered by Soames, who subsequently has Broy tortured and killed.De Valera returns from the USA having been unable to secure President Wilson's support. The British hint at direct communication with the Irish, though Collins' guerilla campaign has boded poorly for Ireland's image. De Valera therefore decrees that the Irish Republican Army must fight as a conventional military, though Collins knows that this will just lead to another defeat against the might of the British Empire. Adamant in his approach to securing peace, de Valera orders a siege on The Custom House, but the Irish Republican Army suffers heavy casualties and the attack fails catastrophically. Despite the desperate situation the Irish Republican Army now finds itself in, the British unexpectedly call for a cease to the conflict.Collins is sent to London to negotiate Irish interests as part of the Anglo-Irish Treaty, which is signed in 1921. Though Ireland is not immediately granted independence, the treaty enables Ireland to achieve it over time while remaining a British dominion during the interim as well as losing six of the nine Ulster counties, which will remain under British control. De Valera, who sought unconditional independence for Ireland, is furious upon learning of this and he and his supporters, including Boland, resign in protest. The subsequent people's vote backs the terms of the treaty, but de Valera rejects the result and in 1922 leads an attack on the Four Courts in Dublin. The National Army, led by Collins, is ordered to recapture it. In the subsequent Battle of Dublin, Boland is murdered.Devastated upon learning of his friend's death, Collins journeys to West Cork, where de Valera is in hiding, to mediate peace. Collins, however, is misdirected by de Valera's associates and is led into an ambush in which he is shot and killed. Kitty Kiernan, Collins' love interest, is informed of his death just as she tries on a wedding gown.
745	Ruling Class, The (1972)	Comedy	Following the death from accidental asphyxiation of Ralph Gurney, 13th Earl of Gurney, Jack Gurney becomes the 14th Earl of Gurney. Jack, a paranoid schizophrenic, thinks he is Jesus Christ and shocks his family and friends with his talk of returning to the world to bring it love and charity, not to mention his penchant for breaking out into song and dance routines and sleeping upright on a cross. When faced with unpalatable facts (such as his identity as the 14th Earl), Jack puts them in his "galvanized pressure cooker" and they disappear. His unscrupulous uncle, Sir Charles, marries him to his mistress, Grace, in hopes of producing an heir and putting his nephew in an institution; the plan fails, however, when Grace falls in love with Jack. Jack gains another ally in Sir Charles' wife, Lady Claire, who hates her husband and befriends Jack just to spite him. She also begins sleeping with Jack's psychiatrist, Dr. Herder, to persuade him to cure Jack quickly.Herder attempts to cure him through intensive psychotherapy, to no avail; Jack so thoroughly believes that he is the "God of Love" that he dismisses any suggestion to the contrary as insane. The night his wife goes into labour, Herder makes a last effort at curing Jack; he introduces Jack to McKyle, a patient who also believes himself to be Christ – or as the patient puts it, "The High Voltage Messiah" – who subjects an unwitting Jack to electroshock therapy. The plan works, and as Grace is delivered of a healthy baby boy, Jack proclaims "I'm Jack, I'm Jack". His family takes this to mean that he has returned to his senses, but in reality he now believes himself to be Jack the Ripper.Sir Charles sends for a court-appointed psychiatrist to evaluate Jack, confident that his nephew will be sent to an asylum for life. He is once again thwarted when the psychiatrist discovers that Jack was a fellow Old Etonian, bonds with him and declares him sane.Jack murders Lady Claire in a fit of rage when the ageing woman tries to seduce him. He frames the Communist family butler, Tucker, for the murder. Sir Charles suffers a debilitating stroke shortly afterward, and Dr. Herder has a nervous breakdown upon realizing what Jack has done. Jack assumes his place in the House of Lords with a fiery speech in favour of capital and corporal punishment. His colleagues applaud wildly, completely unaware the speech is the ranting of a lunatic. When seen through his eyes, his colleagues – singing "Onward, Christian Soldiers" – appear to be rotting corpses. Their enthusiasm contrasts with the unfavourable reaction when Jack believed he was Christ. That night, he murders Grace for expressing her love for him. Her terrified scream is matched by the sound of a baby cooing "I'm Jack, I'm Jack", suggesting that their son – the heir presumptive – has inherited Jack's madness.
746	Real Genius (1985)	Comedy	The CIA has covertly hired Professor Jerry Hathaway at Pacific Tech University to develop the power source for "Crossbow", a laser weapon precise enough to commit illegal political assassinations from outer space. Hathaway uses his position to recruit brilliant students to do the work for him, diverting the CIA's funding into building his enormous house.Hathaway recruits high school student Mitch Taylor, a budding genius in laser physics.  Mitch is roomed with Chris Knight, a legend in the "National Physics Club" and one of Mitch's idols. Mitch's ideal of Chris is shattered, however, when Chris turns out to be more of a slacker than a hard-working student. Meanwhile, Hathaway hopes Mitch will encourage Chris to straighten up his act and that their two exceptional minds can develop a proper power source for "Crossbow". Mitch also befriends Jordan Cochran, a hyperactive insomniac student for whom he gradually develops romantic feelings.Kent, Hathaway's graduate student (and toady), reports Mitch for attending a pool party with Chris instead of working on the laser.  Hathaway lambasts Mitch, who breaks down and tearfully calls his parents. Kent secretly records the call and uses the recording to humiliate Mitch. As Mitch begins packing to leave, Chris explains the pressures of school and burdens of being highly intelligent by relating the history of genius and former Pacific Tech student Lazlo Hollyfeld. Hollyfeld suffered a nervous breakdown when he discovered his creations were being used to kill, and he now lives hidden in the university's tunnels, accessed from beneath Chris and Mitch's closet. Chris, fearing the same could happen to him, learned to lighten up and enjoy life. Mitch agrees to stay, and they exact revenge on Kent by disassembling his car, a 1972 Citroën DS, and reassembling it in his dorm room.Hathaway, angry about the still-incomplete project and Chris's attitude, informs Chris that he intends to prevent him from earning a degree, blackball him, and give a coveted job, originally promised to Chris, to Kent instead. Chris is disheartened and Mitch must use Chris's same argument to convince him to stay. The two create a new laser, but Kent sabotages it, causing it to explode. Though initially despondent, the incident inspires Chris to design and build a six-megawatt excimer laser, which burns a hole through the campus when it is test-fired.  Hathaway reverses his position, giving Chris a degree and the job. As Chris and Mitch celebrate, Hollyfeld arrives and informs them that, with certain modifications, their laser could be used as a weapon. A panicked Chris returns to the lab to find the laser gone, as well as Kent's projects: a mirror and a tracking system which together can weaponize Chris's laser.Jordan and fellow project member "Ick" Ikagami surreptitiously implant a radio transmitter in Kent's braces, which Mitch uses to convince him he is speaking to Jesus. Kent divulges the date of the test, and the group tails Hathaway to learn the location of the Air Force base the CIA is using. Chris and Mitch sneak onto the B-1 Lancer bomber where their equipment has been installed and assist Hollyfeld in reprogramming the laser.Outside Hathaway's home, Chris, Mitch, Jordan, and Ick meet Dean Meredith and a Congressman, to whom they had reported Hathaway's plan. Kent arrives unexpectedly and goes inside the house. The laser test begins and, instead of firing on the target, the laser fires on Hathaway's house, activating a gigantic popcorn popper. Kent is launched out the front door on a popcorn wave. Hollyfeld arrives in an RV—which he has won using mathematics to rig a sweepstakes—to tell them he is leaving. Hathaway, who hates popcorn, arrives afterwards to find his house destroyed by popcorn.
747	Benny & Joon (1993)	Comedy, Romance	Benjamin "Benny" Pearl and his mentally ill sister Juniper ("Joon") live together following the deaths of their parents. A mechanic who owns a garage, Benny has little time for socializing due to his business and his caretaking of Joon, whose behavior has become increasingly erratic. Joon has driven away a series of housekeepers/caregivers who have declared her "unmanageable". Unable to leave Joon alone, Benny takes her to his poker game at a friend's house, where Joon loses a bet to Mike, a poker regular, that compels Benny to take charge of Mike's eccentric cousin, Sam. Initially angry at having Sam foisted on him, soft-hearted Benny becomes sympathetic upon learning that Mike has been compelling Sam to sleep in a cabinet under a sink.An avid Buster Keaton movie fan, Sam charms servers and patrons at a diner with a classic Charlie Chaplin routine using two bread rolls on forks to mimic dancing feet as well as a slapstick routine juggling plates. There Sam recognizes the waitress, Ruthie, a former actress, from a starring role in a low-budget horror film that Sam can quote verbatim. Impressed with Sam, Benny asks him to take care of Joon, as well as taking on housekeeping chores, which Sam does eccentrically but effectively. Joon has a hard time adjusting to Sam’s unusual housecleaning methods, which involve loud music while riding a chair with wheels to reach high spots with a broom. Though Joon kicks Sam out of the house, a conscientious Sam returns with a peace offering to appease her. Warming to him, Joon aids Sam, who is illiterate, when he struggles with writing to his mother.After fixing her car, Benny asks out Ruthie, who has a second job as manager of an apartment building, but Benny abruptly ends the date when Ruthie seems to want intimacy. Benny still believes his obligations to Joon preclude his having a love life. When Benny attempts a second date, Ruthie now cuts the date short when Benny again hedges at intimacy while attempting to explain that his life is "complicated."Benny, Joon, and Sam go to a park, where Sam starts doing more Chaplin-style slapstick tricks with his hat, a handkerchief, and physical acrobatics, attracting an appreciative crowd. Later that evening, while Benny is away convincing a client who is a talent agent to audition Sam, Sam and Joon are physically intimate and express love for each other. Upon returning, Benny suggests that Sam turn professional with his comedy routines. At the suggestion that Sam go on the road, Joon becomes agitated and makes Sam explain that he and Joon are romantically involved. Benny throws Sam out, yells at Joon, and shows her a pamphlet about a group home that the doctor suggested would be a more stable home for her. Joon starts hitting Benny and screaming, and he pushes her away. Later, to make amends, Benny leaves to get her favorite pudding. While Benny is away, Sam returns, and he and Joon pack suitcases and leave on a bus together. Stressed out, Joon begins to hear voices in her head and argues aloud with them, causing a commotion that stops the bus. Two paramedics arrive to restrain Joon. When Benny arrives at the hospital, the doctor tells him Joon does not want to see him. After telling Benny off, Sam goes to stay with Ruthie. Meanwhile, Benny feels guilty about his treatment of Joon.Sam now works at a video store, where Benny finds him and asks for his help. They go to the hospital. Benny apologizes to Joon, who accuses him of needing her to be ill. Benny agrees to let her set up her own apartment in Ruthie's building and tells her that Sam has come back for her. The siblings reconcile, and Sam and Joon are reunited. Sam and Joon move into the apartment complex that Ruthie manages, where Joon can be assisted. Later, Benny brings roses to Ruthie, telling her that his life is now "a lot less complicated". He takes another bouquet to Joon's apartment but leaves the flowers in the doorway when he sees Sam and Joon making grilled cheese sandwiches with a clothing iron on an ironing board.
748	Saint, The (1997)	Action, Romance, Thriller	At the Saint Ignatius Orphanage, a rebellious boy named John Rossi refers to himself as "Simon Templar" and leads fellow orphans in an attempt to run away. He tries to bid farewell to a girl named Agnes with a kiss, but they are caught and she accidentally falls from a balcony to her death.As an adult, Simon—now a professional thief dubbed "The Saint" for using Catholic saints as aliases—steals a microchip from a Russian oil company. Simon stages the burglary during a political rally for the company's owner Ivan Tretiak, a billionaire oligarch and former Communist Party boss rallying support against Russian President Karpov. Simon is caught by Tretiak's son Ilya but escapes with the microchip, and is hired by Tretiak to steal a revolutionary cold fusion formula discovered by Emma Russell, an American electrochemist working at Oxford; Tretiak plans to use Emma's formula for clean, inexpensive energy to monopolize the energy market during a severe oil shortage in Russia, but Tretiak secretly plans to murder Simon for stealing his microchip.Using the alias "Thomas More", Simon poses as a Boer traveller to seduce Emma, and steals the formula, but when Simon develops romantic feelings for her, he decides to give up on stealing the formula, and when Tretiak threatens to kidnap her, Simon finally steals the formula after a one-night stand. Tretiak realizes the formula is incomplete and sends Ilya and his henchmen to kill Simon, who narrowly escapes. Simon returns to Russia to demand his payment from Tretiak while disguised as Tretiak himself. A heartbroken Emma reports the theft of her formula to Inspectors Teal and Rabineau of Scotland Yard, who inform her Simon is a wanted international thief.Emma tracks down Simon to a Moscow hotel where Tretiak has them arrested, but they escape and flee through the suburbs. They are sheltered by a prostitute and her family and meet Frankie, a spiv who sells them directions through the sewers to the U.S. embassy. Finding Ilya and his men waiting for them, Simon lets himself be caught to allow Emma to safely reach the embassy, then escapes after igniting a car's gas tank and leaving Ilya severely burned.Planting a listening device in Tretiak's office, Simon learns he plans to sell the incomplete formula to Karpov and frame him for wasting billions on useless technology, then use the political fallout to install himself as president. Emma finishes the formula, which Simon delivers to Tretiak's well-meaning physicist Dr. Lev Botvin, who builds an apparatus that proves the formula works. Simon infiltrates the Kremlin and informs Karpov of Tretiak's conspiracy, but they are captured by Tretiak loyalists. At a massive gathering in Red Square, Tretiak makes his accusations against Karpov, but Botvin's cold fusion reactor is successfully initiated, exposing Tretiak as a fraud. He and Ilya are arrested, and revealed to have caused the heating-oil shortage by stockpiling vast amounts of oil underneath their mansion.Reuniting with Emma, Simon returns her formula and they start a secret relationship. She presents her formula to the world at a news conference, which Simon attends in disguise and escapes Teal and Rabineau when they spot him in the crowd. Driving away, he hears a news broadcast that $3 billion was donated to the Red Cross, Salvation Army, and the United Nations Children's Fund; it is implied that Simon, who had access to Tretiak's accounts, gave the money anonymously and established a non-profit foundation led by Dr. Botvin to develop the cold-fusion technology.
749	MatchMaker, The (1997)	Comedy, Romance	Marcy Tizard (Janeane Garofalo) is assistant to Senator John McGlory (Jay O. Sanders) from Boston, Massachusetts. In an attempt to court the Irish-American vote in a tough re-election battle, the bumbling senator's chief of staff, Nick (Denis Leary), sends Marcy to Ireland to find McGlory's relatives or ancestors.Marcy arrives at the fictional village of Ballinagra (Irish: Baile na Grá, literally the Town of Love) as it is preparing for the annual matchmaking festival. She attracts the attention of two rival professional matchmakers, Dermot (Milo O'Shea) and Millie (Rosaleen Linehan), as well as roguish bartender Sean (David O'Hara).The locals tolerate her genealogical search while trying to match her with various bachelors. Sean tries to woo Marcy despite her resistance to his boorish manners. After they have begun their romance, they return home to Sean's house one afternoon to find his estranged wife Moira (Saffron Burrows) waiting for them. Marcy leaves Sean, upset that he did not disclose his marriage to her.McGlory and Nick arrive in Ballinagra, although Marcy has been unable to locate any McGlory relatives. McGlory discovers Sean's wife's maiden name is Kennedy and brings her back to Boston as his fiancée just in time for the election, and wins by a small margin. While at the victory party, McGlory's father (Robert Mandan) reveals privately to Marcy that the family is Hungarian, not Irish. The family name had been changed at Ellis Island when they immigrated, but as they settled in Boston with its large Irish population, he never told his son their true lineage.Sean follows Marcy to Boston, and they reconcile.
750	Amistad (1997)	Drama	The schooner La Amistad is transporting black slaves off the coast of the Spanish colony of Cuba in 1839. A captive, Cinqué, leads an uprising against the crew, most of whom are killed. Two navigators, Pedro Montes and Jose Ruiz, are spared on condition they help sail the ship to Africa. The Spaniards betray them and instead sail into U.S. waters, where the ship is stopped by the U.S. revenue cutter Washington, and the mutineers are arrested.A complicated legal battle ensues over the slaves. United States Attorney William S. Holabird brings charges of piracy and murder against them.  Those charges are dismissed in a criminal case because the killings occurred outside United States territorial waters.A civil case then follows, with the Amistad Africans being claimed as property by Montes and Ruiz, and as salvage by two officers from the Washington. The Spanish government of Queen Isabella II intervenes in support of Montes and Ruiz, under the Treaty of 1795, also known as Pinckney's Treaty. To avoid a diplomatic incident, President Martin Van Buren directs his Secretary of State John Forsyth to support the Spanish claim. Meanwhile, abolitionist Lewis Tappan and his black associate Theodore Joadson (a former slave) resolve to help the captives. They approach the brilliant lawyer, former U.S. president and serving U.S. representative John Quincy Adams, but he is reluctant to get involved. They instead hire the young and eccentric attorney Roger Sherman Baldwin.Baldwin, unable to converse directly with his clients due to the language barrier, suspects the slaves are not Cubans but Africans who have been kidnapped and transported illegally as part of the banned transatlantic slave trade. He and Joadson search La Amistad and find documents which prove the captives were kidnapped from Sierra Leone and transported across the Atlantic aboard the Portuguese slave ship Tecora before being transferred to La Amistad in Havana. The judge is impressed and signals his intention to dismiss the U.S. and Spanish governments' case and release the captives.To preclude this possibility, Van Buren replaces the judge with a younger man, Coglin, who he believes will be easier to manipulate. Joadson seeks advice from Adams, who tells him that court cases are usually won by the side with the best 'story'. Baldwin and Joadson recruit freedman James Covey as a translator, enabling Cinqué to testify directly before the court. He describes how he was kidnapped from his home, and the horrors of the Middle Passage. Baldwin calls Captain Charles Fitzgerald of the Royal Navy's West Africa Squadron to corroborate Cinqué's testimony. He speculates that the captives were taken aboard the Tecora at the notorious slave fort Lomboko. Under cross-examination, Fitzgerald admits there is no direct evidence of Lomboko's existence. As tension rises, Cinqué abruptly stands and demands, "Give us, us free!". Moved by Cinqué's emotion, Judge Coglin rules that the Africans are to be released, and that Montes and Ruiz are to be arrested and charged with illegal slave-trading.Under pressure from Senator John C. Calhoun of South Carolina, who represents the slave-holding interests of the American South, Van Buren appeals the case to the Supreme Court. Baldwin and Joadson visit Adams again, and after meeting Cinqué he agrees to represent the Africans before the Supreme Court. Adams' impassioned and eloquent speech convinces the court to confirm the judgement and release the Africans.Lomboko is stormed by Royal Marines led by Fitzgerald, and the slaves held there are freed. Fitzgerald orders the ship's cannon to destroy the fortress, and dictates a sardonic letter to Forsyth saying that he was correct — the infamous slave fort does not (now) exist.Van Buren is discredited by his failure to prevent the release of the Africans, and loses the 1840 election to William Henry Harrison. The Spanish government continues to press its claim for compensation up until the American Civil War.The captions say that Cinqué returns to Africa, but is unable to reunite with his family due to civil war in Sierra Leone.
751	Tomorrow Never Dies (1997)	Action, Romance, Thriller	MI6 sends James Bond into the field to scout a terrorist arms bazaar on the Russian border. Despite M's insistence on letting 007 finish his mission, Royal Navy Rear Admiral Roebuck orders the frigate HMS Chester to fire a Harpoon missile at the bazaar. Bond discovers two nuclear torpedoes mounted on an L-39 Albatros trainer jet; with the missile out of range to be aborted, Bond is forced to pilot the L-39 away seconds before the bazaar is destroyed, dogfighting with another L-39 before being able to return to base.Media baron Elliot Carver starts his plans to use an encoder obtained at the bazaar by his associate, cyberterrorist Henry Gupta, to provoke war between China and the UK. Meaconing the GPS signal using the encoder, Gupta sends the frigate HMS Devonshire off course into Chinese-occupied waters in the South China Sea, where Carver's stealth ship, commanded by Carver's chief enforcer Stamper, ambushes and sinks it with a "sea drill" torpedo.  Carver's henchmen steal one of Devonshire's missiles and shoot down a Chinese MiG fighter jet investigating the scene. Stamper kills the Devonshire's survivors with weaponry loaded with Chinese ammunition. The British Minister of Defence orders Roebuck to deploy the fleet to investigate the sinking of the frigate, and demands retaliation, leaving M only 48 hours to investigate its sinking and avert a war.M sends Bond to investigate Carver and his company, CMGN, after Carver released news articles about the crisis hours before MI6 had become aware of it. Bond travels to Hamburg to seduce Carver's wife, Paris (an ex-girlfriend of Bond's), to get information that would help him enter CMGN headquarters. He defeats Stamper's men and cuts Carver off the air during the inaugural broadcast of his satellite network. Carver discovers the truth about Paris and Bond and orders both of them killed. Bond and Paris reconcile in Bond's hotel room, and she provides him with information to infiltrate Carver's newspaper facility. Bond steals the GPS encoder from Gupta's office at the facility. Meanwhile, Paris is killed by Carver's assassin and Stamper's mentor, Dr. Kaufman. After Bond returns to find Paris' body, Kaufman holds him at gunpoint. Bond is able to kill Kaufman and escape his henchmen through a multistory car park in his Q-branch vehicle, a BMW 750iL with remote control via his Ericsson cell phone.At a U.S. Air Force base in Okinawa, Bond teams with his CIA contact Jack Wade and meets GPS technician Dr. Dave Greenwalt. Bond understands that the encoder had been tampered with, and goes to the South China Sea to investigate the wreck. He and Wai Lin, a Chinese Ministry of State Security agent on the same case, explore the sunken ship and discover one of its cruise missiles missing, but after reaching the surface they are captured by Stamper and taken to the CMGN tower in Saigon. They soon escape and contact the Royal Navy and the People's Liberation Army Air Force to explain Carver's scheme. Carver plans to destroy most of the Chinese government with the stolen missile, allowing a corrupt Chinese general named Chang to assume power and negotiate a truce between Britain and China, both of which will have begun a naval war. Once the conflict is over, Carver will be given exclusive broadcasting rights in China for the next century, which would then allow his broadcasting network to be completely global.Bond and Wai Lin board Carver's stealth ship to prevent him from firing the missile at Beijing. Wai Lin is captured, forcing Bond to devise a second plan. Bond captures Gupta to use as his own hostage, but Carver kills Gupta, claiming he has "outlived his contract". Bond detonates a grenade in the hull, damaging the ship, thus rendering it visible to radar and vulnerable to a subsequent Royal Navy attack. While Wai Lin disables the engines, she is recaptured by Stamper. Bond kills Carver with his own drilling machine and attempts to destroy the warhead with detonators, but Stamper attacks him, sending a chained Wai Lin into the water. Bond traps Stamper in the missile firing mechanism and saves Wai Lin as the missile explodes, destroying the ship and killing Stamper. Bond and Wai Lin kiss amidst the wreckage as HMS Bedford searches for them.
752	Replacement Killers, The (1998)	Action, Thriller	During an orchestrated drug bust at a marine loading dock, LAPD detective Stan Zedkov kills Triad lieutenant Peter Wei.Looking to exact revenge for his son's death, Peter's father, Terence, sends for professional assassin John Lee. Paying off an old debt, Lee has already killed two targets for Wei, who now tells him that this third and final job will settle the obligation. However, Lee's conscience prevents him from completing his final assignment: to assassinate Zedkov's seven-year-old son Stevie before the detective's eyes.Realizing that his actions will result in retaliation against his mother and sister, Lee prepares to return to China, enlisting the help of old friend Alan Chan, a monk in a local Buddhist temple, to make arrangements to have his family moved to a secure location. Infuriated by Lee's disobedience, Wei orders his head lieutenant, Michael Kogan, to lead the hunt for Lee, and has his people in China begin the search for Lee's family.No longer able to use the Triad network to get out of the country, Lee searches for alternative means outside Wei's sphere of influence, and looks to skilled forger Meg Coburn for a new passport. Before she can finish the job, Wei's men storm Meg's office, destroying the computerized tools of her trade in the ensuing shootout. Lee escapes; Coburn is picked up by the police, unsuccessfully interrogated by Zedkov, and released as bait so the detective can see who tries to kill her. Meanwhile, Wei hires two skilled out-of-town contract killers named Ryker and Collins to take over the hunt for Lee and the Zedkov contract.Lee finds Coburn when she returns to her destroyed office. Having been made aware that the Triads are involved, Coburn wants out, but Lee forces her to finish her original task of creating a forged passport. Traveling with Coburn, and with the two "replacement killers" in pursuit, Lee gets pictures from a photo booth and phones Alan, who offers the use of his passport. When Lee arrives at the temple, he discovers that Alan has been tortured to the point of death. Alan tells Lee that his family was moved to Canton—but he told his torturers they were in Shanghai. Lee has little more than 24 hours before his family is found. The monk gives Lee his passport before dying in his arms.Holed up in a hotel, Coburn finishes altering Alan's passport for Lee. The two exchange stories, and Coburn becomes sympathetic to Lee. Feeling compelled to stop the killing of Zedkov's son before leaving the country, Lee forces one of Wei's men to reveal the plan, which is to kill Stevie while he and his father are at a movie festival inside a cinema. Lee and Coburn, who insists on helping, arrive barely in time to prevent Ryker and Collins from killing the boy, and Ryker is killed by Lee in the subsequent gunfight.Concerned that Lee and Coburn will make their way back to his base of operations, Wei makes plans to flee the country and hunt down Lee's mother and sister himself. However, when two guards open the main gate for Wei and his entourage to leave in a limo, Lee is just outside. He launches a two-handed handgun assault while Coburn surfaces moments later, driving a truck through the melee, incapacitating Kogan, and later killing him. When Collins fires from a high perch on Lee and Coburn, Lee soon outflanks Collins, killing him from behind. Finally, Lee corners Wei on a fire escape platform. Though both men have emptied their guns, Lee is first to reload. Wei promises Lee that the boy and Lee's family will still die, but Lee replies, "Not in your lifetime", and kills him. Though Zedkov arrives before Lee and Coburn can get away, he lets them go, taking only their guns.Coburn reluctantly bids goodbye to Lee at the airport, presenting him with one last gift, passports for his mother and sister.
753	Burnt By the Sun (1994)	Drama	The entirety of the film takes place within the course of one day in the summer of 1936 in the Soviet Union. Mitya (Dmitri), an ex-nobleman and veteran of the anti-communist White Army, contemplates suicide. The film cuts to Komdiv Sergei Petrovich Kotov, his wife Maroussia, and their young six-year-old daughter Nadia relaxing in a banya when a peasant from the local collective farm frantically tells them the Red Army's tanks are about to crush the wheat harvest as part of general maneuvers. After hearing this news, Kotov rides out to order the tank officer to halt. Kotov carries authority as a senior Old Bolshevik and legendary hero of the 1917 Russian Civil War, and he is also very popular with the common people and local villagers. The opening scene makes it clear that Kotov is a devoted family man, and he claims to be a personal friend of Stalin.Following this incident, the happy family returns to their country dacha (country estate), where they join Maroussia's relatives, a large and eccentric family of Chekhovian aristocrats. Mitya (Dmitri), who had been Maroussia's fiancé before disappearing in 1927, arrives in a costume to disguise himself, but when he takes it off he is joyfully embraced by the family and introduced to Nadia as "Uncle Mitya". Maroussia is left feeling deeply conflicted, as she had suffered deeply when Mitya left without explanation and even contemplated suicide, as shown by the self-inflicted marks on her wrists.Despite his personable nature, it is clear that Mitya has returned with a secret agenda. It is slowly revealed throughout the duration of the afternoon that he works for the Soviet political police, the NKVD, and has arrived to arrest Kotov for a non-existent conspiracy that Mitya had framed him for. Mitya is abusing his power for the purpose of revenge, since ten years ago Kotov had conscripted Mitya into the OGPU, the predecessor of the NKVD, and was therefore the reason for Mitya being taken away. Mitya detests Kotov, whom he blames for causing him to lose Maroussia, his love for Russia, faith, and his profession as a pianist. Kotov confronts Mitya about his activities in Paris, where he gave up eight White Army generals to the NKVD. All were kidnapped, smuggled to the Soviet Union, and shot dead without trial.Although eventually realizing that Mitya intends to take him away, Kotov believes that his close relationship with Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin will save him. However, a black car carrying NKVD agents arrives to remove Kotov, just as a group of Young Pioneer children arrives at the dacha to pay tribute to him. Kotov willingly goes with Mitya, pretending to be Mitya's friend and even lets Nadia briefly ride in the car with them. While riding away in the car with his captors, Kotov reminds them who he is and his status, but he quickly realizes that they don't care and that it was Stalin himself who ordered his arrest. Only after looking into Mitya's eyes does Kotov realize the severity of the situation, causing him to breakdown in tears. Kotov is forced to make a false confession to all the charges Mitya framed him for and is shot dead in August 1936. Meanwhile, following Mitya's success in his revenge against Kotov, he ultimately commits suicide, as his revenge did not satisfy him in the way he thought it would. In addition, Maroussia is arrested and dies in the Gulag in 1940. Although arrested with her mother and taken to a concentration camp, Nadia lives to see all three sentences overturned during the Khrushchev thaw, in 1956, and works as a music teacher in Kazakhstan.
754	Red Corner (1997)	Crime, Thriller	Wealthy American businessman Jack Moore (Richard Gere) is on a trip to China attempting to put together a satellite communications deal as part of a joint venture with the Chinese government. Before the deal can be finalized, Moore is framed for the murder of a powerful Chinese general's daughter, and the satellite contract is instead awarded to Moore's competitor, Gerhardt Hoffman (Ulrich Matschoss). Moore's court-appointed lawyer, Shen Yuelin (Bai Ling), initially does not believe his claims of innocence, but the pair gradually unearth evidence that not only vindicates Moore, but implicates powerful figures within the Chinese central government administration, exposing undeniable conspiracy and corruption. Shen manages to convince several high-ranking Chinese officials to release evidence that proves Moore's innocence. Moore is quickly released from prison while the conspirators responsible for framing him are arrested. At the airport, Moore asks Shen to leave China with him, but she decides to stay, as the case has opened her eyes to the injustices rife throughout China. She does admit, however, that meeting Moore has changed her life, and she now considers him a part of her family. They both share a heartfelt hug on the airport runway, before Moore departs for America.
755	Jumanji (1995)	Action, Adventure, Children's, Fantasy, Sci-Fi	In 1969, Alan Parrish lives in Brantford, New Hampshire, with his parents, Sam and Carol. One day, he escapes a group of bullies and retreats to Sam's shoe factory. His friend Carl Bentley reveals a new shoe prototype he made himself. Alan inadvertently damages the shoe after misplacing it on a conveyor belt, but Carl takes responsibility and is dismissed. After the bullies accost Alan and steal his bicycle, Alan follows the sound of tribal drumbeats to a construction site. He finds a board game Jumanji, which was buried 100 years earlier, and brings it home.That night, after a disagreement with Sam about attending a local boarding school, Alan plans to run away, just as his friend, Sarah Whittle, returns his bicycle. Alan shows her Jumanji and invites her to play. With each dice roll, the game pieces move by themselves and a cryptic message describing the roll's outcome appears in the crystal ball at the center of the board. After Alan inadvertently rolls, a message tells him to wait in a jungle until someone rolls a five or eight and he is sucked into the game. Shortly after, a colony of bats pursues Sarah out of the mansion.Twenty-six years later, Judy and Peter Shepherd move into the now-vacant Parrish mansion with their aunt Nora after their parents died in an accident the previous winter on a ski trip in Canada. Judy and Peter begin playing Jumanji after discovering it in the attic. Their rolls summon giant mosquitoes and a troop of monkeys. The game rules state that everything will be restored when the game ends, so they continue playing. Peter rolls a five, releasing a lion and an adult Alan. While making his way out, Alan encounters Carl, now working as a police officer. At the abandoned shoe factory, Alan, Judy and Peter discover that Sam abandoned the shoemaking business to search for his son after his disappearance until his 1991 death. Eventually, the factory's closure sent Brantford into economic decline.Realizing that they need Sarah to finish the game, the three locate Sarah, who is haunted by both Jumanji and Alan's disappearance and persuade her to join them. Sarah and Alan soon take their next turns, with the latter's releasing a big-game hunter named Van Pelt, whom he first met in the game's inner world. The next roll summons a stampeding herd of various animals, including several pelicans, one of which steals the game. Peter retrieves it, but Carl arrests Alan. As the stampede wreaks havoc in town, Van Pelt steals the game.Peter, Sarah and Judy follow Van Pelt to a nearby discount store and battle him to reclaim the game, while Alan is released after revealing his identity to Carl. Returning to the mansion, the quartet release one calamity after another until Alan drops the dice and wins the game, which nullifies everything that happened as a result of the game.Alan and Sarah return to 1969 in time for Alan to reconcile with Sam, who assures him that he does not have to attend boarding school. Alan also admits his responsibility for damaging the shoe, and Carl is rehired. Remembering the game's events, Alan and Sarah throw Jumanji into a river and share a kiss.Later, Alan and Sarah, now married, are expecting their first child. Alan's parents are still alive, and Alan is successfully running the family business and Carl is a trusted employee / family confidante. Alan and Sarah meet Judy, Peter, and their parents Jim and Martha for the first time during a Christmas party. Alan offers a job to Jim and convinces them to cancel their ski trip, averting their deaths in the previous timeline.Meanwhile on a beach, Jumanji is seen lying partially buried in the sand. Two French-speaking girls hear the drumbeats from the game as they walk towards it.
756	Father of the Bride Part II (1995)	Comedy	Four years after the events of the first film, Annie tells her family that she is pregnant. George narrates what he had to go through for the nine months of her pregnancy. He begins to panic, believing himself too young to be a grandfather. He has his assistant make a list of people who are older than him, dyes his hair brown, and after the roof leaks, decides he and Nina should sell the house their children grew up in if one more thing goes wrong with it.Termites strike the house two weeks later. George sells it to the Habibs without telling Nina. At dinner, after discussing whether the baby's last name will be hyphenated or not, George changes the subject by revealing the house has been sold. Nina is livid, as they have to be out in ten days and no place to go. They stay in the mansion owned by Bryan's parents, John and Joanna MacKenzie, who are on a cruise in the Caribbean. George and Nina have to deal with the MacKenzies' Dobermans, much to the chagrin of George, who is still paranoid from a previous mishap with them. Nina begins experiencing symptoms that bring up the concern of menopause. The following day, they go to the doctor and discover that, actually, she is pregnant, too.Following this unexpected news, they have a chance meeting with Franck, their former wedding planner, who is elated at both women expecting. Driving home, they have differing perspectives on the prospect of becoming new parents again. George switches gears, now believing he is too old to be a father again. His feelings come to a head when he and Nina go to Annie and Bryan's house to announce their news. Nina brings his insensitivity to light and tells him not to come home.Out for a walk, George notices that their old street is blocked off and sees a demolition crew with a wrecking ball at their old house, inferring that Mr. Habib plans to demolish it. Upset, George runs in and tries to stop them. He pleads with Mr. Habib not to do so since he is going to be a father again, as there is sentimental value to it. He realizes that if he will have another child, he wants to raise it there. When he offers to buy it back, Habib agrees on the condition that he pay him $100,000 up front. He reluctantly gives in. He and Nina then move back into it.Annie shows up at the Banks' house after she and Bryan had a fight. She is offered a great job in Boston but Bryan feels that they shouldn't move so far away with the baby coming. Despite hating the idea of them doing so, George encourages Annie to take the job. Bryan arrives to apologize and agrees to move to Boston.George hires Franck to do a double baby shower. A few weeks before the due date Bryan is called away to an emergency meeting in Japan, leaving Annie in George and Nina's care. Nina and Annie are moving along in their simultaneous pregnancies and need constant care from George. Matty and Franck take over while he is at work. Franck turns a simple redecoration of George and Nina's new baby's nursery into a full-scale renovation/addition, which he calls "the baby's suite". Eventually, all the stress and nights of sleep deprivation wear George out. When the suite is revealed, Franck offers him "Vatsnik", sleeping pills from his native country, after he reveals he has not been getting enough sleep. He takes two which proves to be too high of a dosage and passes out before dinner. The family becomes worried, which is only increased when Annie goes into labor.Franck takes over the role of driving the family to the hospital with a barely coherent George in tow. After being mistaken for a patient in need of a prostate exam, he regains full consciousness. Nina goes into labor shortly after. George is cynical about the young obstetrician who fills in because their own is unavailable. He comes to terms with the arrangement after she tells him that she has delivered hundreds of babies. Bryan soon returns to be with Annie, who has a boy named George and Nina has a girl named Megan. George is happy to hold them in his arms. He finishes narrating his story and picks up where it left off. Bryan, Annie, and baby George later move to Boston.
757	Across the Sea of Time (1995)	Documentary	The plot centres around a real life Russian immigrant, searching for his family, who is given the name Leopold Minton by the Ellis Island immigration officials (because they are unable to pronounce his Russian name). Minton is employed by a company to take stereoscopic photographs for the (at that time) popular Holmes stereoscope. This provides the film with an opportunity to show many stereoscopic images, both past and present, of New York City.Minton, who had no fear of heights, produced an unrivalled collection of images of the development of New York's skyscrapers. Minton also documented the construction of New York's subway system. The film also includes a number of Minton's private stereo photographs that were not publicly released during his lifetime. Some of these images reveal how Minton was able to take some of the photographs of the skyscraper construction without actually standing on them.
758	Lawnmower Man 2: Beyond Cyberspace (1996)	Sci-Fi, Thriller	The founder of virtual reality, Dr. Benjamin Trace, has lost a legal battle to secure a patent on the most powerful worldwide communications chip ever invented. Touted as the one operating system to control all others, in the wrong hands the "Chiron Chip" has the potential to dominate a society dependent on computers. When corporate tycoon and virtual reality entrepreneur Jonathan Walker takes over the development of the Chiron Chip, he and his team discover Jobe Smith barely alive after the destruction of Virtual Space Industries. After having his face reconstructed and his legs amputated, they hook him up to their database to have him help perfect the Chiron Chip.Six years later, a now 16-year-old Peter Parkette is a computer hacker living in the subways of a cyberpunk Los Angeles with a group of other runaway teens. While hooked into Cyberspace, Jobe reconnects with Peter and asks him to find Trace for him. Peter locates Trace living in a desert and brings him to his hideout to speak with Jobe. Jobe shows Trace his newly constructed cyber-world and asks about the Egypt link, a hidden Nano routine in the Chiron Chip's design. Trace refuses to tell him, noting that Jobe is insane and would not understand its power. Enraged, Jobe hacks into the subway system's computer to send another train crashing into the one Trace and the teenagers are in, but Trace causes the runaway train to crash into a construction site instead.Walker and his team at "Virtual Light Industries" plan on announcing the functions of the chip and its virtual city to the public and world leaders, though Walker wants to use them for spying and blackmail. He uses Jobe to deal with anything that could stop him, such as crashing a plane carrying a senator who is opposed to the launch and killing anyone who gets too close to the truth through virtual reality. Trace, Peter, and the others make an attempt to break into Virtual Light to steal the chip but are nearly killed by Jobe before they are rescued by Dr. Cori Platt, Trace's former partner and lover.After stealing the Chiron Chip, they find it is a decoy. Walker keeps the real chip in his office and the launch of the chip seems inevitable. Jobe begins causing havoc through the chip by accessing credit accounts, ATM machines, and water and power utilities in an attempt to destroy the world so that everyone may join and follow him as a virtual messiah. Walker attempts to stop Jobe but is gunned down by his own security.The group returns to Virtual Light Industries. Trace explains that the Egypt link is a dam function designed to prevent "ultimate power". Jobe has built around the link without knowing its purpose. Trace and the others confront Jobe in his virtual city, in an attempt to get him roused enough to overpower himself. "Egypt" kicks in, destroying the virtual city and reducing Jobe to his original intellectually disabled persona. Peter goes to see Jobe before a wounded Walker takes Peter hostage in an attempt to bargain for the chip. Jobe distracts Walker long enough for Trace to strike him, causing him to land on exposed wiring that kills him. Peter and the others collect Jobe as they go home.
759	Fair Game (1995)	Action	Kate McQuean is a Miami lawyer who, in the course of a divorce case, attempts to have a freighter moored off the Florida coast seized in lieu of unpaid alimony. The ship, which is owned by criminal Emilio Juantorena, is the current base of operations of Ilya Kazak, a former KGB agent who has become an international money launderer, and has also become the leader of a group of rogue ex-KGB members, including Stefan, Leonide "Hacker" Volkov, Navigator, Smiler, Rosa and Zhukov.When Kate is hit by a stray bullet, Miami detective Max Kirkpatrick is assigned to the case. Then an attempt is made on Kate's life by Kazak, who — after killing Juantorena — assembles his team to track and kill Kate; Max then becomes her protector.Kate, Max, and two of his colleagues stay at a hotel used for witness protection. They order pizza using Kate's credit card, and Volkov traces the order. Rosa and two henchmen infiltrate the hotel and kill Max's colleagues. Max manages to kill the hit squad (except for Rosa); he and Kate then leave. After Max contacts his superior, Lt. Meyerson, FBI agents are sent to escort them. The "agents" turn out to be working for Kazak, and Max's partner and long-time friend Detective Louis Aragon is killed in the process. After killing some of Kazak's men, Max and Kate travel through Florida, trying to avoid Kazak and find out why he wants Kate dead.However, their jeep breaks down on a freeway and they call a tow truck to pick them up. Volkov and Stefan show up, while Kazak splits from them to deal with Max's cousin, who has been feeding them information regarding Kazak and his past activities in Cuba. Kate and Max are forced to run with the tow truck while their jeep is still hooked onto it. After a long chase and gunfight, Kate steps hard on the brakes while Max steers the wheel of the truck, unhooking their car and causing it to crash into Volkov's and Stefan's SUV, killing both of them.One of Kate's clients is the former wife of Emilio Juantorena, and she is trying to repossess the boat to pay for her divorce settlement. This is the main reason why Kazak wishes to kill Kate.Kate then flees from Max because she wants to get away from everyone, and manages to board a freight train, but Max catches up and boards the freight train also. They argue but then make up and start to have sex. During this, the criminals locate them on the train and attack them again. Kate is kidnapped by Kazak and taken to the freighter while Rosa and Zhukov are sent to kill Max. They accidentally kill Navigator and Max shoots the pair. Rosa, however, has a bulletproof vest on, and Max only kills her after a long fight.Max then uses the hit squad's boat to board the freighter in an attempt to rescue Kate. Max and Kate blow up the freighter. They jump off the ship just in time to watch it blow up and sink, killing Kazak in the process. Kate and Max climb aboard the boat he used to reach the freighter and start to kiss, sailing off together into the sunset.
760	Screamers (1995)	Sci-Fi	In the year 2078, the planet Sirius 6B, once a thriving mining hub, has been reduced to a toxic wasteland by a war between the mining company the New Economic Block (N.E.B.) and "The Alliance", a group of former mining and science personnel. A fragile stalemate is in effect between the two exhausted, poorly-supplied, and undermanned armies. The vast empty areas between the two sides are patrolled by Autonomous Mobile Swords (AMS)—AI-powered robots developed by Alliance scientists. Nicknamed "Screamers" after their signature high-pitched noise, they target creatures with a heartbeat. Alliance soldiers wear "tabs" that disguise their heartbeats, rendering them invisible to the machines. An N.E.B. soldier carrying a message to the Alliance compound is killed by screamers. The message guarantees safe passage through N.E.B. territory to discuss a truce. Alliance commanding officer Joe Hendricksson reports this development to his Earth-based superiors, but is told to disregard it as peace negotiations are already underway on Earth. Private "Ace" Jefferson, newly arrived from Earth, rebuts this claim. Hendricksson is not surprised; he has long suspected that both sides have simply written off Sirius 6B and abandoned their armies.Deciding the truce is their only chance of survival, Hendricksson, accompanied by Jefferson, sets out to meet the N.E.B. commander. While traveling through a ruined city they come upon David, a young boy clutching a teddy bear. Unwilling to abandon a defenseless civilian, they bring him along. The following night, they are attacked by a new "Type 1" screamer model immune to the tabs, alarming Hendricksson.As the group nears the N.E.B. compound, two enemy soldiers, Becker and Ross, open fire on David, who explodes in a shower of bolts and gears. Alliance men are shocked to learn he was a "Type 3" screamer. Most of the N.E.B. contingent has been wiped out by another "David" screamer that a patrol unwittingly brought into the base. Becker, Ross, and a black marketeer named Jessica are the only survivors.The group heads to the N.E.B. command center but finds it abandoned. Locating the mainframe computer, Hendricksson learns that the N.E.B. truce offer was just as false as the Alliance message from Earth. Hendricksson sees a "type 1" downloading information from the mainframe. He attempts to query the mainframe for "type 2" but approaching "Davids" force them to retreat. Back at the N.E.B. bunker, the knowledge of Screamers creating new versions that are indistinguishable from humans make everyone paranoid. Becker becomes convinced that Ross is a screamer and kills him, only to discover that he was human. The four survivors retreat to the Alliance base, only to find that it has been taken over by "Davids". As dozens of "Davids" pour out of the bunker's entrance, Hendricksson wipe them out with a micro-nuclear missile. Jefferson rushes to help Becker, who was apparently injured in the blast. However, Becker revealed himself to be a "type 2" and kills Jefferson. After Hendricksson destroys Becker, only he and Jessica remain. Worrying that Jessica could be a screamer, Hendricksson cuts her hand and is relieved to see blood.The pair locate an emergency escape shuttle, but discover it only seats one. Hendricksson offers the spot for Jessica but a second "Jessica" arrives, revealing she is another even more human-like model of screamer. Hendricksson resigns himself to death, but to his surprise, Jessica shields him, battles her lookalike, and is fatally wounded. The spacecraft's engines kick on and destroy the second "Jessica". With her last breath, the original Jessica confesses her love for Hendricksson, who departs for Earth with the teddy bear carried by the first "David". As the screen fades to black, the bear slowly begins moving.
761	Nick of Time (1995)	Action, Thriller	Gene Watson, a mild-mannered accountant, arrives with his daughter Lynn at Union Station in Los Angeles. As Gene is using a payphone, two mysterious strangers in suits, known only as Mr. Smith and Ms. Jones, survey the station and discuss a yet-to-be-elaborated scheme. Noticing Gene retaliate against a skater who was harassing his daughter, Smith and Jones set their sights on him. Showing a badge, the two strangers convince Gene that they are police officers and whisk both father and daughter into a van without justification. Once inside Gene begins to notice things are not right and gets nervous, but Smith subsequently pistol whips him in the leg. Smith then informs Gene that they will kill his daughter by 1:30 p.m. unless he murders a woman depicted in a photograph. He soon learns that the woman is Eleanor Grant, the governor of California, and realizes that killing her would be a suicide mission.At the Bonaventure Hotel, where a campaign appearance is scheduled, Gene makes several attempts to warn people about his situation. Smith consistently follows and harasses him, and viciously beats him whenever he does not make a move. Gene manages to find a young campaign assistant, Krista Brooks, who believes his story and encourages him to report the matter to the governor's husband, Brendan Grant. Once in his suite, however, Brendan and a campaign lobbyist appear to disbelieve the story. Before anything more can be said, Smith shows up in the room and fatally shoots Krista, causing a tense scuffle between Gene and Smith. Gene awakens after unconsciousness and finds nearly everyone on the campaign, including the governor's staff and husband, are involved in the plot, with an unnamed lobbyist masterminding it all in revenge for the governor not carrying out her campaign promises to his interests.Gene eventually finds a disabled war veteran named Huey who polishes people's shoes at the hotel. While he initially does not believe Gene's story, Smith talks to Gene about the plot, believing Huey to be completely deaf according to a sign. Huey reluctantly assists Gene to get to Grant's suite and advise her of the conspiracy. Although skeptical at first of his story, she later notices Brendan act suspiciously about Krista's whereabouts and realizes Gene is telling the truth. Being hastened by her husband to make a speech, the governor greets supporters in a ballroom when Gene takes out the gun, points it at a projector room where Smith is watching him and shoots at the window. This unleashes a panic in the ballroom, causing a stampede and brief shootout between Gene and security staff. Thinking that his wife is dead, Brendan openly gloats about the plot's success, only to find out in horror that she had heard everything, confirming her suspicions about him.In the meantime, Huey stalls the armed Jones, who is in the van with Lynn after she cannot get a signal from Smith. He then annoys her with a squeegee man scheme to the point of a violent confrontation in which she shoots his wooden leg. Lynn quickly tries to get out of the van when Smith opens the door; he begins to shoot at her. Right after she hides under the seat, Gene appears and shoots Smith. Ailing from his wounds, Smith congratulates Gene for becoming a killer just before he's finally shot by him. Before Jones can get a clear shot at the father and daughter, Huey beats her unconscious with his prosthetic leg and wing tip shoe. The final scene shows the conspiracy mastermind stepping on Gene's broken wristwatch and leaving the hotel in a car.An alternate TV scene (and on some DVD versions) also shows the governor thanking Gene and Huey for saving her life.
762	Beautiful Girls (1996)	Drama	New York jazz pianist Willie returns to his hometown of Knight's Ridge, Massachusetts for his 10-year high school reunion, staying with his widower father and younger brother.Willie reunites with three old friends: Mo is a successful family man, while Paul and Tommy, who own a snowplowing business, have relationship issues. Paul was recently dumped by his longtime girlfriend Jan because he refused her ultimatum of marriage. Believing that she is now seeing Victor the meat cutter, he vindictively blocks her driveway with snow every night. Tommy is cheating on his girlfriend Sharon with his married high school sweetheart Darian.Willie meets 13-year-old neighbor girl Marty, and they strike up a witty rapport. She presses him about his relationship: he has been with his girlfriend Tracy for a year but is unsure if he wants to marry her. He is considering taking a steady job as a salesman, but Mo urges him not to quit his music.Paul desperately proposes to Jan, but she turns him down. Sharon argues with Tommy about his infidelity and seeks advice from her girlfriends. The outspoken Gina advises her to break up with Tommy, but Sharon tries to salvage the relationship by planning a surprise birthday party.When the attractive Andera comes to town from Chicago, the guys compete for her attention. The next day, Gina lectures Willie and Tommy about men's unrealistic expectations of women set by supermodels and pornography. Willie feels jealous when he sees that Marty has a boyfriend.Darian shows up at Tommy's surprise party drunk and openly tries to seduce him, causing Sharon to leave, heartbroken. Tommy drives Darian home but refuses her advances, and unsuccessfully tries to patch things up with Sharon. Willie tells Mo about his feelings for Marty but is reminded how young she is and says that he just doesn't want to grow up.Willie again encounters Marty, who says she has broken up with her boyfriend because she is interested in him, asking him to wait five years until she is 18 and they can be together. Willie declines, saying that she will outgrow her feelings for him as she matures.Paul takes Andera out, trying to make Jan jealous. Andera plays along, but when Paul tries to kiss her she smacks him and leaves. Willie chastises Paul about his obsession with supermodels; he responds that beautiful girls represent hope and promise. Tommy breaks things off with Darian, but she states her intent to win him back at the reunion.Andera approaches Willie, turning down his flirtations but accompanying him to Paul's ice shanty, where they discuss their respective relationships. He misses the emotional rush of new love, but she feels truly happy with her boyfriend and returns to Chicago the next day. Tracy arrives from New York, and Willie's feelings for her are rekindled. Marty is downhearted by this, but Willie assures her that she will grow up to do amazing things.At the reunion, Darian is confronted by a former classmate who she bullied; he tells her that she was beautiful, but "mean as a snake". Tommy skips the reunion to avoid Darian but encounters her husband Steve and his friends at a bar. Steve reveals he knows about the affair; a fight ensues, and Tommy is badly beaten. Learning of this, the guys rush to Steve's house to confront him. Steve calls his friends, but Willie pushes their car into a snowbank using Paul's snowplow. Mo is about to beat Steve up but stops when Steve's daughter comes to the door. Darian arrives home in the aftermath of the confrontation. Tommy ends up in the hospital with a concussion and two broken ribs. Sharon stays with him overnight, and they make up. Paul, overcome with emotion, clears Jan's driveway of snow.Willie says his goodbyes the next day, having decided to head back to New York with Tracy and not take the sales job. Paul announces that Jan and Victor are engaged. Willie introduces Tracy to Marty and kisses Marty on the cheek before departing.
763	Happy Gilmore (1996)	Comedy	Following his victory at the 1996 Tour Championship, Happy Gilmore has a successful golf career, winning five more championships. He also has five children with his wife Virginia Venit, the professional golf tour's public relations director. After accidentally killing Virginia in 2014 when one of his drives hits her in the head, Happy feels devastated and quits golf out of guilt. He soon becomes an alcoholic and loses everything after a repossession worker sues him for instigating a brawl when mistaking the worker for a car thief.Eleven years later, Happy works at a supermarket and lives with his only daughter and youngest child Vienna. His four sons (Gordie, Wayne, Bobby, and Terry) have moved out and are working to support their father and sister. Vienna wants to pursue dancing, and her dance teacher recommends enrolling in a four-year ballet school in Paris, which costs $75,000 annually. Frank Manatee, CEO of Maxi Energy Drink and the golf league Maxi Golf, approaches Happy and wants him to be the league's star. Happy refuses but resumes playing golf with encouragement from John Daly, wanting to win enough money to put Vienna through ballet school.Playing his first round since Virginia died, Happy drinks heavily and crashes his golf cart, which gets him fired from his job and into legal trouble. A jury agrees to remove all charges if he completes an alcohol treatment program and refrains from any physical altercations. The program's leader turns out to be Hal L., the caretaker who forced Happy's grandmother into sweat shop labor.Vienna and John advise Happy to practice seriously and to join the next Tour Championship, which he does. A month later, Happy meets old companions, including Doug Thompson, president of the Tour, who worries about Maxi Golf rising fast. After Happy suggests a competition between the two leagues, Doug proposes a match with the five best players from each league competing against one another. Happy enlists club busboy Oscar Mejías as his new caddie and plays well at the Tour Championship in the first three rounds, but collapses in the fourth on Mother's Day, seeing visions of Virginia on the course before getting drunk; he finishes sixth. The winner, Billy Jenkins, admits to being in Maxi Golf despite taking part in the Tour Championship. Happy replaces him on the team.Having been in psychiatric care since losing to Happy at the 1996 Tour Championship, Shooter McGavin is granted a release by Frank. He explains to Shooter that all players on Maxi Golf, Billy included, have their iliolumbar ligament severed, increasing their driving distance, and asks him to join as their captain. Disgusted at this and how Frank's "extreme" version of golf strays from the traditional game, Shooter escapes. Having heard about Virginia's death, he then visits her grave and briefly fights Happy there before they call a truce. Happy then encounters Slim Peterson, whose father Chubbs had mentored Happy in 1996, and Slim joins Shooter in coaching Happy, Rory McIlroy, Bryson DeChambeau, Brooks Koepka, and Scottie Scheffler to face Maxi Golf.During the match, Scottie is disqualified in the first round for punching his opponent. Although the course is heavily designed to advantage Maxi Golf, as all their golfers are long drivers, the traditional golfers tie the score 2–2, with the help of Shooter, who replaces Brooks after he gets injured. Happy and Billy, the remaining two competitors, face off in a tie-breaker. Happy has a chance to putt for victory, but the green is an elevated wobbling platform, making it impossible to putt normally. The pair makes a deal: if Happy misses the putt, he must join Maxi Golf. Otherwise, Frank must discontinue Maxi Golf, buy Happy's house back, pay for Vienna's ballet school, give Happy his new electric car, and open an Italian restaurant for Oscar. The latter helps Happy balance the platform, and he sinks the putt and wins.When Happy celebrates his three-month sobriety, Hal is exposed as a con artist and arrested. Maxi Energy Drink is discontinued after it is discovered to cause significant oral health issues, leaving Frank in ruin and in hiding. Happy later accompanies his children at an airport as they fly off to Paris, promising to join them after completing the British Open, but is forced to walk when he forgets to charge the electric car.
764	If Lucy Fell (1996)	Comedy, Romance	Joe MacGonaughgill and Lucy Ackerman are roommates and best friends living in a small Manhattan apartment. Lucy is turning thirty and her love life is embarrassingly dull. Joe, on the other hand, is infatuated with his attractive neighbor Jane. Lucy then decides to form a death pact with Joe like they'd had back in college. If they do not both find true love by the time Lucy turns thirty, they will jump off the Brooklyn Bridge.Jane comes to an artwork show of Joe's where Joe finally gathers up the courage to ask her out, while Lucy begins dating Bwick Elias, a weirdo artist who paints with his own body parts. Joe soon realizes that Jane isn't who he thought she ought to be. Bwick also turns out to be "no Joe" for Lucy. At this point, Joe and Lucy realize they are perfect for each other.
765	Boomerang (1992)	Comedy, Romance	Advertising executive Marcus Graham is a serial womanizer, prone to lying to seduce women but unwilling to commit until he finds the "perfect woman." His friends Tyler and Gerard tell him his standards are too high, particularly his habit of judging women by their feet.Marcus's company is acquired by cosmetics mogul Lady Eloise, who invites him to her home with amorous intentions; he spends the night with her, believing he will be promoted. The next day, he meets Jacqueline Broyer, who has been made head of his department instead. At a party to celebrate the merger, eccentric fashion diva Helen Strangé is announced as the new face of the company, and Jacqueline introduces Marcus to colleague Angela Lewis, whom he sets up with Gerard. Though they get along fine, Angela and Gerard learn that they're better as friends.Despite his best efforts, Marcus is unable to woo Jacqueline. Over dinner at his apartment, she ignores his advances and is more interested in the basketball game on TV, leaving him frustrated. On a business trip to New Orleans, Jacqueline unexpectedly invites Marcus into her room, and they have sex. Afterward, he is relieved to find her feet up to his standards.Marcus begins to fall for Jacqueline, but finds himself on the receiving end of his usual tactics: she ignores his feelings, manipulates him with sex, and keeps their relationship strictly on her terms. Discovering she has bragged about their trysts to Strangé, whose advances he is forced to reject, Marcus confronts Jacqueline, and she ends their affair. Marcus finds himself the subject of office gossip, and his work begins to suffer. After a major business proposal is almost ruined, Jacqueline forces Marcus to take a few paid weeks off as an alternative to being fired.Marcus spends time with Angela, who tries to bring him out of his funk.  He realises he's developing feelings for her when they bond over watching late night reruns of Star Trek.  After hosting Thanksgiving dinner with Tyler, Gerard, and Gerard's tactless parents, Marcus and Angela sleep together. Gerard is furious, believing Marcus will mistreat Angela like his past conquests. They move in together, but she is hurt when he downplays their relationship in a phone call with Jacqueline. Marcus, having regained his confidence, proves newly attractive to Jacqueline, and they sleep together again.Marcus returns home to Angela in the middle of the night, and when she confronts him in the morning, he explains that he is confused by his feelings for her and for Jacqueline. She breaks up with him and takes a promotion at another company. Marcus rebounds with Jacqueline, but realizes his love for Angela; he returns home to find she has moved out. Marcus reconciles with Gerard, and visits Angela at her new job, convincing her that he is truly committed to her, and they get back together.
766	Man of the Year (1995)	Documentary	Man of the Year is a 1995 mockumentary film written, directed by and starring Dirk Shafer. It is a fictionalized account of Shafer's reign as Playgirl magazine's 1992 "Man of the Year" and his struggle with reconciling his public persona as a sex symbol to women with his identity as a gay man. Shafer combines mock interviews (both with some of the actual people involved and with actors standing in for the actual people) with archive footage from Shafer's appearances on talk shows like Donahue, The Maury Povich Show and The Jerry Springer Show (along with an early appearance on Dance Fever) and recreations of events like his Playgirl photoshoots, his "fantasy date" with a Playgirl reader and the death of his friend Pledge Cartwright (played by actor Bill Brochtrup) of an AIDS-related illness to relate the story.
767	Addiction, The (1995)	Horror	Kathleen Conklin, an introverted doctoral student of philosophy at New York University, is attacked one night by a woman who calls herself "Casanova". She pushes Kathleen into a stairwell, bites her neck and drinks her blood. Kathleen soon develops traditional symptoms of vampirism such as aversion to daylight and distaste for food. Fearing she may have contracted HIV, she undergoes medical tests which show only anemia. She grows aggressive in demeanor and propositions her dissertation advisor for sex at her apartment, stealing money from his wallet after he falls asleep. Jean, a doctoral candidate in Kathleen's cohort, notices a drastic change in Kathleen's personality.During finals week in the library, Kathleen meets a female anthropology student. They go to the woman's apartment to study, where Kathleen bites her neck. While the young woman weeps incredulously, Kathleen coldly informs her "My indifference is not the concern here, it's your astonishment that needs studying". Later, Kathleen runs into an acquaintance, who goes by the street name "Black", at a deli. She propositions him for sex and the two leave, but soon attacks him on an empty street and drinks his blood. Later on campus, Kathleen confronts Jean, rambling about the nature of guilt, before proceeding to bite her neck and drink her blood.While walking on the street, Kathleen meets Peina, a vampire who claims to have almost conquered his addiction and as a result is almost human. For a time, he keeps her in his home, trying to help her overcome hers, recommending that she read William S. Burroughs' Naked Lunch. Later, Kathleen defends her dissertation to a committee and is awarded her Doctorate of Philosophy. At the graduation party, she and Jean feast on the blood of a waitress in a storage closet. Afterwards, she, Jean, Casanova, and the other victims proceed to attack the other attendees in a bloody, chaotic orgy.Kathleen, having overdosed from the bloody bacchanal and appearing wracked with regret, wanders the streets covered in blood. She ends up in a hospital and asks the nurse to let her die but the nurse refuses. Kathleen decides to commit suicide by asking the nurse to open the curtains. After the nurse leaves, Casanova appears in Kathleen's hospital room, shuts the curtains and quotes R. C. Sproul to her. Next, a Catholic priest visits Kathleen's room and agrees to administer Viaticum. In the final scene, Kathleen visits her own grave in broad daylight. In a voice-over, Kathleen quotes: "self-revelation is annihilation of self".
768	Casper (1995)	Adventure, Children's	Following the death of her father, neurotic and spoiled heiress Carrigan Crittenden discovers she has only been left Whipstaff Manor, located in Friendship, Maine, in the will while his vast wealth has gone to several charities. Carrigan and her lawyer and close friend Dibs find a map within the will's papers that tell of an alleged treasure hidden inside the manor, only to find that the property is haunted by a friendly ghost named Casper and his poltergeist uncles the Ghostly Trio. They unsuccessfully attempt to force the ghosts out by way of paranormal experts and a demolitions team.A lonely Casper watches a news report about paranormal therapist James Harvey and is instantly smitten with his teenage daughter, Kat, prompting Casper to inspire Carrigan in summoning James to Whipstaff. Kat dislikes her father's reputation and obsession with contacting the ghost of his late wife, Amelia. The Harveys move into Whipstaff, but Casper's attempt to befriend them fails when his uncles try to torment and scare them away, which eventually fails.The following morning, Casper gains the Harveys' trust when he serves them breakfast, and follows Kat to school, where she becomes popular when her class learns she is living in Whipstaff, and agrees to host their Halloween party there. Her classmate Amber plots with her friend, Vic, to humiliate Kat during the party, while James attempts therapy sessions with the Ghostly Trio, who reveal that they know Amelia; in exchange for convincing Carrigan to leave them alone, they promise to get James a meeting with his wife.Kat learns that Casper has no memory of his life, and restores his old playroom in the attic to remind him. Casper recognizes an old wooden sled his father bought him, and remembers playing outside until he caught a severe cold and died of pneumonia, becoming a ghost to keep his father company. A newspaper article reveals that Casper's father was declared legally insane after he built a machine, the Lazarus, which he claimed could bring the dead back to life. Casper and Kat venture to the basement and find the Lazarus. Carrigan and Dibs sneak inside and steal the formula that powers the machine, plotting to use it to grant themselves immortality. However, they attempt to kill each other to test the theory and retrieve the treasure that they think is in the basement's locked vault. This culminates in Carrigan attempting to run Dibs over with her Range Rover, but instead crashing into a cliff-side tree; upon exiting her car, Carrigan falls to her death and becomes a ghost.James becomes depressed after the trio pulls a prank on him, prompting them to take him out on the town. They plan on killing him to make themselves a quartet, but have a change of heart after the drunken therapist declares he will tell Carrigan off so they can stay in their home. However, James accidentally falls to his death.In the laboratory, the ghostly Carrigan confronts Casper and Kat, stealing what she believes to be the treasure from the vault and launching Dibs out a window when he tries to double-cross her. As Carrigan demands to be brought back to life, Casper and Kat remind her that Casper's treasure was her unfinished business and by getting it completed her unfinished business, causing her to be ejected into the afterlife. The treasure is revealed to be Casper's prized baseball, signed by Duke Snider; the map was part of a game Casper played with his father. James, now a ghost and still in his drunken state, returns with Casper's uncles; after bringing him back to his senses, Kat's despair over this prompts Casper to sacrifice his one chance to return to life, restoring James instead.The Halloween party kicks off upstairs; Amber and Vic's prank is thwarted by the Ghostly Trio, and they flee in terror. A boy dances with Kat, and is revealed to be Casper, temporarily granted physical form by Amelia, who had become an angel after her death. Amelia meets with James, explaining that the Ghostly Trio kept their promise to get him a meeting with her, and tells him that she was so content with her family while alive that she has no unfinished business and thus did not become a ghost. Amelia departs as the clock chimes ten, promising James that they and Kat will be together again one day; after kissing Kat, Casper transforms back into a ghost, inadvertently scaring the guests away, but Kat is nonetheless impressed with the party, and the Ghostly Trio play their nephew's theme for them to dance to.
769	Congo (1995)	Action, Adventure, Mystery, Sci-Fi	Searching for rare blue diamonds that could enable a revolutionary communications laser, TraviCom employees Charles Travis and Jeffrey Weems discover the ruins of a lost city near a remote volcano in the Congo jungle. Karen Ross, Charles's ex-fiancée and a former CIA operative, and R.B. Travis, Charles's father and the CEO of TraviCom, lose contact with the team while tracking their progress at the company headquarters. A remote camera shows the camp destroyed and strewn with corpses, before a monstrous ape destroys the camera. Travis asks Karen to lead another expedition to the site.Primatologist Peter Elliott and his assistant Richard teach human communication to a mountain gorilla named Amy, whose sign language is translated into a digitized voice. Peter is concerned by Amy's drawings of jungles and the Eye of Providence, and wants to return her to Africa. Karen and Romanian philanthropist Herkermer Homolka join the expedition.The group flies to Uganda and meets wilderness guide Monroe Kelly. Captain Wanta warns them not to trust Homolka and lets them proceed only upon receipt of a large bribe. On their journey via Tanzania and then Zaire, Monroe reveals that Homolka has led previous, disastrous safaris in search of the "Lost City of Zinj". Their plane is shot down as they parachute into the jungle.A native tribe leads them to Bob Driscoll, a wounded member of Charles's expedition who dies screaming upon sight of Amy. The group continues by boat and they learn that Homolka believes Amy can lead them to the mine. They find the ruined camp near the City of Zinj. Richard and some porters are killed by a gray gorilla. The group keeps the gray gorillas at bay with automated sentry guns.At daybreak, they explore the city and surmise from hieroglyphs that the inhabitants bred the gray gorillas to guard the mine, but were overthrown by them. At the mine, Homolka begins collecting diamonds, only to be killed by the gray gorillas. Monroe, Karen, and Peter flee deeper into the mine, where they discover Jeffrey and Charles's bodies, with the latter still holding a giant blue diamond. Karen fits the diamond into a portable laser and uses it to kill several gray gorillas. The volcano erupts, and the four escape as lava floods the city killing the gray gorillas.Karen reports to Travis, but when she learns that Travis was only interested in the diamond, she destroys the TraviCom satellite. They find a hot-air balloon in one of Travis's wrecked cargo planes. Seeing Amy with fellow mountain gorillas, Peter bids her goodbye. The three take off in the balloon, and Karen has Peter throw the diamond into the jungle below.Amy watches the departing balloon, then joins the other mountain gorillas.
770	Devil in a Blue Dress (1995)	Crime, Film-Noir, Mystery, Thriller	In the Summer of 1948 in Los Angeles, Ezekiel "Easy" Rawlins is laid off from his job at Champion Aircraft and needs money to pay his mortgage. Easy's bartender friend Joppy introduces him to DeWitt Albright, a white P.I. looking for a missing white woman, Daphne Monet. Before meeting, Easy feels a little nervous meeting DeWitt, as it reminds him of someone from his past back in Houston, Mouse, a man who got him to go along with a murder, which Easy denies he was a part of, and car theft. Explaining that Monet's disappearance led her wealthy fiancé, Todd Carter, to drop out of the Los Angeles mayoral race, Albright pays Easy to find Daphne, who is known to frequent the juke joints along Central Avenue.Easy begins his search at an illegal club where he sees the bouncer, Junior Fornay, eject a white man. Learning that his friend Dupree Brouchard's girlfriend, Coretta James, is a confidant of Daphne, Easy spends the night with Coretta, who tells him Daphne is staying with gangster Frank Green. Albright arranges a meeting at the Malibu pier, where Easy is accosted by racist white youths before Albright humiliates one of the boys at gunpoint and drives off the others. Easy tells Albright about Green and is given another payment to continue the search.Returning home, Easy is arrested by LAPD homicide detectives, who reveal that Coretta has been murdered. Interrogated and beaten before being released, he is approached by Matthew Terell, the remaining mayoral candidate. Terell is with a young boy, supposedly his adopted son, and inquires about Daphne, but Easy divulges nothing. After a nightmare about Coretta, he receives a call from Daphne herself. They meet at the Ambassador Hotel; Daphne says Coretta called her before she died and confirms she is close with Frank Green. Daphne then asks Easy to drive her to meet Richard McGee (the white man ejected from the club), who delivered a letter of hers to the wrong place. They arrive to find McGee dead and his house ransacked. Easy notices a pack of Mexican cigarettes, the same brand smoked by Junior. Traumatized by the grisly scene, Daphne panics and flees in McGee’s car.Easy drives home, where he is threatened again by Albright and his thugs, who demand that Easy track down Daphne or they will finger him for Coretta's murder. Easy sends for his old friend, Raymond 'Mouse' Alexander, and confronts Joppy for leading Daphne to him. He meets with Todd Carter and secures another payment to locate Daphne. Carter doesn't know Albright; Easy realizes that Albright is actually working for Terell.  From there, he goes to a bar where he knows Frank Green sells stolen liquor, but nobody knows who he is. Returning home, he is ambushed by Frank Green but rescued by Mouse. Frank escapes after the trigger-happy Mouse shoots him in the shoulder, and Easy misses a call from Daphne. Questioned again by the detectives, who found a note with Coretta's name on it in McGee's pocket, they accuse Easy of double homicide and give him until the following morning to clear his name.Easy and Mouse confront Junior – the owner of the cigarettes – who admits to driving McGee home and taking a letter from him to Coretta to deliver to Daphne but denies killing him.  They visit Dupree in Compton where, inside Coretta's Bible, Easy finds the contents of a letter and incriminating photographs of Terell with naked children. Easy deduces that McGee sold the pictures to Daphne and that Albright had killed McGee trying to get the pictures back.  At home, Easy finds Daphne waiting, and she reveals that Frank is her half-brother: their mother was Creole, and Daphne's father was white, but Frank's was Black. Terell learned of Daphne's heritage, and the potential scandal forced Carter to abandon his campaign, but Daphne bought the pictures from McGee to blackmail Terell into silence. When Coretta threatened to sell the pictures to Terell, Daphne sent Joppy to intimidate her, but she did not expect him to kill Coretta.Albright and his men arrive, subduing Easy and kidnapping Daphne. Joined by Mouse, Easy abducts Joppy at gunpoint, forcing him to take them to Albright's cabin in Malibu. Easy and Mouse kill Albright and his men and rescue Daphne; returning to the car, Easy learns Mouse killed Joppy for being a liability. Daphne pays Easy and Mouse $7,000 for the pictures, and Mouse returns home to Houston with his share. Daphne reveals that Carter's family paid her $30,000 to leave town, but she believes that the pictures will ensure Carter's victory and their marriage. Driving Daphne to meet Carter, who rejects her, Easy receives the rest of his payment in exchange for the pictures. Daphne and her brother leave town, while Carter's election is assured. No longer in trouble with the police, Easy considers starting his own business as a private investigator.
771	Johnny Mnemonic (1995)	Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller	In 2021, society is driven by a virtual Internet, which has created a degenerative effect called "nerve attenuation syndrome" or NAS. Megacorporations control much of the world, intensifying the class hostility already created by NAS.Johnny is a "mnemonic courier" who discreetly transports sensitive data for corporations in a storage device implanted in his brain at the cost of his childhood memories. His current job is for a group of scientists in Beijing. Johnny initially balks when he learns the data exceeds his memory capacity even with compression, but he agrees given the large fee will cover the cost of the operation to remove the device. Johnny keeps it secret that he is overloaded; he must have the data extracted within a few days or suffer fatal brain damage and corrupt the data. The scientists encrypt the data with three random images from a television feed. As they transmit these images to the receiver in Newark, New Jersey, they are attacked and killed by yakuza led by Shinji, who wields a laser whip. Johnny battles the yakuza, grabs a fragment of the encryption key images, and escapes. Shinji reports his failure to his superior, Takahashi. Their conversation reveals the yakuza are working on behalf of Pharmakom, a megacorporation. Johnny witnesses brief projections of a female artificial intelligence who attempts to aid him, but he dismisses her.In Newark, Johnny meets with his handler Ralfi, who betrays him. Johnny is rescued from the yakuza by Jane, a cybernetically-enhanced bodyguard; members of the Lo-Teks, an anti-establishment group; and the Lo-Teks' leader, J-Bone. Ralfi is sliced into pieces when he gets in Shinji's way. Jane takes Johnny to Spider, the doctor who installed Jane's implants. At a clinic, Spider reveals his medical charity was intended to receive the Beijing scientists' data, which is a stolen cure for NAS. Spider claims Pharmakom refuses to release the cure because they are profiting off mitigation treatments. The portion of the encryption images Johnny took plus the piece Spider received are insufficient to decrypt Johnny's mind, so Spider suggests they see Jones at the Lo-Teks' base. Suddenly, an assassin hired by Takahashi known as "The Street Preacher" attacks them, killing Spider as Johnny and Jane escape.The two reach the Lo-Tek base and learn from J-Bone that Jones is a dolphin once used by the Navy that can help decrypt Johnny's payload. As they start the procedure, Shinji and the yakuza attack the base. Takahashi appears and confronts Johnny, holding him at gunpoint. At the same time, the female AI appears and confirms that Pharmakom already had a cure for NAS before Takahashi's young daughter died from the condition eight months prior. Shinji, in a surprise betrayal, shoots Takahashi. Johnny and Shinji fight, culminating with Johnny killing Shinji. Before he dies, Takahashi has a change of heart and turns over a portion of the encryption key to Johnny. This still is not enough to fully decrypt the data. J-Bone tells Johnny that he will need to hack his own mind with Jones' help. Johnny, Jane, J-Bone and the Lo-Teks defeat the remaining forces sent after them. The Street Preacher arrives, and, after a fight, is electrocuted to death by Johnny and Jane.The second attempt starts, and aided by the female AI, Johnny decrypts the data and simultaneously recovers his childhood memories. As J-Bone transmits the NAS cure information across the internet via pirate broadcasts, Johnny and Jane watch from afar as the Pharmakom headquarters goes up in flames for no real reason. In celebration, J-Bone disposes of the Street Preacher's burnt corpse by tossing it into the waters of Newark.
772	Kids (1995)	Drama	Telly and a 12-year-old girl are making out on a bed. With no adults around, Telly, who is a scrawny 16 year old, talks with the girl, a virgin, and they have sex. Afterwards, he meets his best friend, Casper, and they talk about his sexual experience. Telly has taken to only having sex with virgins. They then enter a local store, where Casper shoplifts a 40 oz bottle of malt liquor and on the way out Casper steals two peaches from a Korean fruit vendor. Looking for drugs, food, and a place to hang out, they head to their friend Paul's apartment despite disliking him. As Telly and Casper sit down, they watch skaters on the TV and Casper does a whippet. As time goes on, they join the other boys in boasting about their sexual prowess and nonchalant attitudes to unprotected sex and venereal diseases.Across the city, a group of girls are talking about sex. Their attitudes contrast with that of the boys on many topics, particularly fellatio and the significance of the individuals to whom they lost their virginity. Two of the girls, Ruby and Jennie, mention that they were recently tested for STDs: Ruby tests negative, even though she has had multiple sexual encounters; Jennie tests positive for HIV. She tells the nurse that she has had sex only once, with Telly. Distraught, she tries to find him to prevent him from passing HIV on to another girl. Meanwhile, Telly and Casper walk to Telly's house and steal money from his mother.After purchasing marijuana from a Rastafarian drug dealer, they gather with a few friends and, together, taunt a gay couple passing by. As Casper rides on a skateboard, he carelessly bumps into a man who angrily threatens and pushes him. The man is struck in the back of the head with a skateboard by Casper's friend Harold, causing him to collapse. Several other skaters join in, beating the man until he is rendered unconscious by a final blow to the head by Casper. Jennie is then seen in a cab and the taxi driver gives her advice on how to be happy.Telly and some of the skaters then pick up a 13-year-old girl named Darcy—the virginal younger sister of an acquaintance—with whom Telly wants to have sex, but Darcy shows restraint. The group sneaks into a pool and go swimming with a few more friends as Harold showboats his genitals to the others. Afterward, the group goes to an unsupervised party at the house of their friend Steven.Jennie meets Misha, a girl who dislikes Casper and notes Telly's possible whereabouts at The Shelter. When Jennie arrives at the club, she runs into a boy named Fidget, the two go into a backroom and witness a person making out with three girls at the same time, while they watch Fidget shoves a pill into her mouth; she learns Telly is at Steven's house. On the way, she drifts in and out of consciousness due to the effects of the pill. Telly is later seen in Steven's parents' room trying to convince Darcy to have sex with him; she eventually complies. Jennie arrives at the house and finds Casper drunk and singing nonsense. He tells Jennie where Telly is. Jennie arrives too late; she witnesses Telly having sex with Darcy and does nothing to stop Telly exposing Darcy to HIV. Jennie cries and passes out among the other partygoers due to the pill, which was a roofie.The next morning a drunken Casper rapes an inebriated Jennie, unwittingly exposing himself to HIV. After a montage shows homeless people and drug users in New York City, a voiceover by Telly says that sex is the only worthwhile thing in his life. A naked Casper says, "Jesus Christ, what happened?"
773	Mute Witness (1994)	Thriller	Agni is a short-tempered cop who uses unconventional methods of punishing the gangsters, which the ministers later criticize. This leads Agni to resign from the job but later rejoins after being coaxed by his elder brother. A Mumbai-based CBI officer has been appointed to handle a case of a gangster named "Black Tiger". The senior official reveals a deceased gangster named Shobraj, who was responsible for the death of all the police officials after his wife was molested and killed by his nemesis.Sathya and Dharma are two gangsters who terrorize Bangalore with their unlawful activities. Being a gangster in college, Dharma throws a girl off a building after she rejects his love. The student, who was in love with that girl, turns insane and becomes a witness, but is later killed by Sathya. With this, Agni clashes with Sathya and Dharma. The CBI officer gets killed by a corrupt minister, who is Sathya's right-hand man. Agni's brother also dies while trashing Black Tiger's henchman Black Cobra. It is later revealed that Shobraj is alive and is none other than Black Tiger.The corrupt Inspector kills another Inspector to destroy evidence behind the CBI officer's death, who is killed after getting hit by a truck. To seek justice, Agni brings a mute youngster as a witness to this case, but Sathya shoots him in the court premises. Agni shoots Sathya and points his gun towards Dharma, who accepts his wrongdoings out of fear. It is revealed that the judge had killed the mute youngster in the hospital and the photos before the court hearing, where his photos were captured by a journalist. Towards the end, Agni arrests Black Tiger and his efforts have been appreciated by the CM.
774	Prophecy, The (1995)	Horror	Thomas Dagget, a Catholic seminary student, loses his faith when he sees visions of a war between angels. Years later, Thomas is a detective with the Los Angeles Police Department. Two angels fall to Earth. Simon briefly enters Thomas' home and warns him of coming events, while Uziel, a lieutenant of the Archangel Gabriel, is killed in an altercation with Simon. Investigating the disturbance, Thomas finds in Simon's apartment the obituary of recently deceased Korean War veteran Colonel Arnold Hawthorne (who was being investigated for war crimes) and a thesis about angels which Thomas himself wrote in seminary. Meanwhile, in Chimney Rock, Arizona, Simon finds Hawthorne awaiting burial and sucks his soul out of his body.The medical examiner informs Thomas that Uziel's body has no eyes, hermaphroditism, and the blood chemistry of an aborted fetus. His personal effects include an ancient Bible, with an expanded Book of Revelation that describes a second war in Heaven and prophecy that a "dark soul" will be found on Earth and used as a weapon.Gabriel arrives on Earth. Needing a human helper, Gabriel catches a disappointed Jerry, a suicide, in the moment of his death. Jerry retrieves Uziel's belongings from the police station while Gabriel destroys Uziel's body in the morgue. Finding Hawthorne's obituary, Gabriel and Jerry head for Chimney Rock. Before Gabriel arrives, at the local reservation school Simon hides Hawthorne's soul in a little Native American girl, Mary, who immediately falls ill and is cared for by her teacher, Katherine.After finding the burnt remains of what was once Uziel's body in the morgue, Thomas hurries to Chimney Rock. When Gabriel realizes Hawthorne's soul is missing, he confronts Simon. Hawthorne's soul will tip the balance to whichever side possesses it, and a win for the rebellious angels would make Heaven like Hell with Earth in its thrall. Gabriel tortures Simon, but he refuses to reveal its location, so Gabriel kills him. Mary shows signs of possession by Hawthorne, recounting an incident from Hawthorne's harrowing war experiences in first-person perspective. Meanwhile, Thomas examines Simon's remains and questions Katherine. In Hawthorne's home, he finds evidence of war crimes. Thomas visits a church to reflect in and is shaken by a verbal confrontation with Gabriel.At school, Katherine finds Gabriel questioning the children. After he leaves, she rushes to Mary's home and finds Thomas. As Mary's condition worsens, Katherine takes Thomas to an abandoned mine where she had seen Gabriel. They find angelic script and experience together a terrible vision of the angelic war. Returning to Mary, they find Gabriel and Jerry. Thomas kills Jerry, while Katherine distracts Gabriel when her wild gunshot misses him and blows up Mary's trailer home. They take Mary to a Native American site to be exorcised. In a hospital, Gabriel recruits a new unwilling assistant, Rachael, just as she dies of a terminal illness.Lucifer confronts Katherine and tells her that "other angels" have taken up this war against mankind, and since then, no human souls have been able to enter Heaven. He knows Gabriel plans to use Hawthorne's soul to overthrow the obedient angels. He also knows that if Gabriel wins the war under his influence Heaven will ultimately devolve into another Hell, which Lucifer considers "one Hell too many". Lucifer then appears to Thomas and advises him to use Gabriel's lack of faith against him. When Gabriel arrives and attempts to disrupt the exorcism ritual, Thomas kills Rachael, and he and Katherine fight Gabriel. Gabriel defeats them and moves to kill Katherine.Lucifer appears, encouraging the Natives to complete the exorcism. Lucifer confronts Gabriel, telling him that his war is based upon arrogance, which is evil, making it Lucifer's territory. Lucifer tells Gabriel he needs to go home and rips out his heart. Simultaneously Mary expels Hawthorne's soul. The "enemy ghost" starts to attack Thomas and Katherine, but a bright light from Heaven appears and destroys it. Lucifer asks Thomas and Katherine to "come home" with him, but they refuse. Lucifer drags Gabriel to Hell. As morning comes, Thomas comments on the nature of faith and what it means to truly be human.
775	Something to Talk About (1995)	Comedy, Drama, Romance	Grace King Bichon is happily married to her husband Eddie Bichon and together they have one daughter Caroline. She works for her father Wylie King, a show jumping trainer who owns and operates a lesson barn, and tries to convince him to use her friend Hank's horse Possum in an upcoming competition. Wylie stubbornly says no, so Hank threatens to quit. However, Grace convinces him that she will persuade her father to use Possum somehow.While driving home from a meeting, Grace sees Eddie (who also works for his father) outside the bank with a blonde woman, who he kisses. The shocked Grace, then realizes he has been cheating on her. When Eddie lies to her on their answering machine that he is going out to dinner with his father and some of their clients, Grace goes with Caroline to the restaurant and catches him with the blonde. Eddie denies the kiss when confronted, but Grace does not believe him, and takes Caroline to stay at her sister Emma Rae's house while trying to figure out what to do.Grace asks Wylie for support, but his sole focus is on the upcoming show jumping competition. However, he has changed his mind about Possum and allows Caroline to compete with him.Grace, upset that her father will not support her, does some research and discovers that he cheated on her mother Georgia with multiple women. This causes more chaos as Georgia kicks Wylie out of the house and reveals to him that Dr. Louis Frank has recently told her she has beautiful hips.After Grace almost nearly cheats on Eddie with a friend named Jamie, she lightly poisons him using her grandmother's recipe. Angry, Eddie secretly consults a divorce attorney, then they decide to meet at their house to discuss what happened between them. There, he tells Grace that the reason why he cheated on her is because he and Grace were no longer being intimate with each other. Grace reveals the reason she stopped having sex with him. It is because she had become depressed contemplating her life. After becoming pregnant with Caroline, Grace dropped out of veterinarian college, then went to work for her father which she had not wanted. They both realize they still do love each other so decide to try to work through their problems.On the day of the competition, Caroline wins with Possum. Wylie competes too, but loses. Georgia comes to him and tells him she is proud of him no matter what, and they reconcile.At Caroline's victory celebration Eddie and Grace dance with each other happily. Grace reveals to her father that she is going back to college to finish her veterinarian degree, but will also continue working for his stable, and they dance together as well.The end of the film shows that Grace has been attending veterinary school and has fully reconciled with Eddie.
776	Three Wishes (1995)	Drama	In the present, Tom Holman, a family man is beset with financial problems that make him emotionally distant from his family. While driving in his car with his wife and two daughters, he almost runs into a guy walking into a cemetery. Tom's vision of the man causes him to have a flashback to a similar incident in his early life.In 1955, Jean Holman is a single mother caring for her two little boys, Tom and Gunny. Jean's husband is a soldier who was reported missing in action during the Korean War and is presumed dead. Tom, who deeply misses his father, feels left out of father-son activities (baseball and camping) in the community. Jean is concerned at Gunny's repeated complaints of stomach pains and his medical condition has gone undiagnosed. Further, while driving one day with Tom and Gunny, Jean accidentally runs into a drifter named Jack McCloud, breaking his leg. Feeling sorry for him, Jean invites Jack and his female dog Betty Jane to stay at her home until his leg has healed. After some initial difficulties in adapting to this new lifestyle, Jack soon finds himself loved by the family, who all want him to stay. Jack starts teaching baseball to Tom and the two of them develop a strong bond. Meanwhile, Gunny believes there is more to Jack and Betty Jane than meets the eye, and he is determined to find out what.Gunny soon finds out Betty Jane is a genie, not merely a dog. Meanwhile, Jack's bond with the family gets closer and closer, and Tom comes to see Jack as a surrogate father. At the same time, Tom's baseball coach, Coach Schramka recognizes Jack as a former famous baseball player, who disappeared years ago during Second World War. Jack denies it. Phil sees Jack as a threat, a potential rival for the affections of Jean. Tom too comes to reject Jack after Jack decides to move away when he is healed, leaving Tom to feel abandoned by a father a second time. Jean also feels sad about Jack's decision but admits the impossibility of staying with Jack. After Jack says goodbye to Tom, Tom flees on his bike to a nearby hill. Suddenly, Tom changes his mind and heads back to the highway to find Jack getting into a truck before Tom can reach him.On the 4th of July Party, the titular wishes are being fulfilled. Gunny realizes his wish to fly in the middle of the fireworks, unseen by the public congregated in the park. Tom's wish is fulfilled when his long-lost father is discovered alive, and he returns home after being freed from his imprisonment by the People's Republic of China.Back to the present day, Tom enters the cemetery. Tom meets Jack again. He talks with Jack briefly, discovering that Jack's real wish wasn't that Tom's father would come back home, but that Tom would be happy with the family he had. Afterwards, Jack disappears, and a renewed Tom holds his wife close. Meanwhile, the camera focuses on a headstone that reveals Jack McCloud died on August 6, 1944.
777	Castle Freak (1995)	Horror	After inheriting a 12th-century castle which belonged to a famed Duchess in Italy, John Reilly, his wife Susan, and their blind teenage daughter Rebecca travel to Italy to visit. Susan blames John for the death of their five-year-old son in a drunk driving crash which also cost their daughter her eyesight. On the advice of the estate's executor, the three plan to stay at the castle until they can liquidate the estate. Unbeknownst to them, the Duchess' son, Giorgio Orsino, who was imprisoned and tortured by the Duchess, still lives in the dungeons of the castle.After killing and eating a cat, the disfigured Giorgio escapes by breaking off his own thumb to get out of the manacles which bind him. Giorgio begins to roam the castle, prowling around the bedroom of the terrified Rebecca. When she claims there is someone else in the house, John believes her, but Susan does not. John, still wracked with guilt about the death of his son, turns to drinking alcohol and hires a prostitute who doesn't speak English from the nearby town, angering Susan further for cheating. As she leaves the castle, the prostitute is ambushed and horribly mutilated by Giorgio. The maid discovers the still-living prostitute before she herself is murdered. Susan plans to leave with Rebecca, but the police order them to stay while they investigate the missing prostitute.John learns that Giorgio is his half-brother and that the Duchess was his father's first wife. The Duchess chained Giorgio up and tortured him all of his life out of spite because her husband abandoned her and their son for her sister (John's mother) and went to America. The police arrest John upon discovering the bodies of the maid and the prostitute. Susan and Rebecca stay the night in the castle, praying together for forgiveness for John. Giorgio kills two policemen, then abducts Rebecca and chains her up in his cell. Susan learns of Giorgio's weakness and seduces him. This distracts Giorgio long enough for Susan to rescue her daughter and stab Giorgio, making him angry, causing him to chase Susan and Rebecca up to the castle's roof. Determined to save his family, John escapes the police station after a fight with a policeman. He returns to the castle, for a final confrontation with Giorgio. He sacrifices his own life to pull Giorgio off the roof and kill him as well. Susan tearfully forgives John and they reaffirm their love as he dies. The son of the prostitute is seen with the policeman (who is the boy's father) at John's funeral.
778	Don Juan DeMarco (1995)	Comedy, Drama, Romance	John Arnold DeMarco is a 21-year-old man who dresses like Zorro, with a mask, hat and cape, and claims to be Don Juan. After a passionate affair, he decides to commit suicide. At the site of the billboard of a masked model, he plans to jump off of, psychiatrist Jack Mickler dissuades him by posing as Don Octavio de Flores. John is then held for a ten-day review in a mental institution.Mickler, who is about to retire, insists on doing the evaluation and conducts it without medicating the youth. He listens to John's story as Don Octavio: Don Juan was born in Mexico, he has an affair with his school tutor which ultimately leads to the death of his father in a swordfight. Mickler listens to the story while spotting inconsistencies, such as his Castilian accent, but continues to go along with it.At home, Mickler's marriage to his wife Marilyn lacks passion. As Mickler notices that John's presence at the institution is having an impact on the staff – both distracting the women and dancing with a male attendant on the lawn – he finds himself being influenced, and starts listening to opera in his house and rekindling the passion with Marilyn.Eventually Mickler meets with John's grandmother, who tells him that John grew up in Phoenix, Arizona, and that his father was 'The Dance King of Astoria' died in a car crash. When Mickler returns to the institution and confronts his patient with this information, John dismisses his grandmother as misanthropic and of making the backstory up. In response Mickler recounts the story of an insecure young man who fell in love with a woman in a magazine, who then contacted her and was told she never wanted to speak to him again. When John asks what happened to the young man, Mickler tells him he tried to commit suicide.As the ten days tick down, pressure mounts on Mickler to support the youth's indefinite confinement, a decision which he is skeptical of. John has mentioned that his mother became a nun and remains in the convent to this day, and in a subsequent meeting with John, Mickler suggests that John's mother could have possibly had affairs, to which John responds with violent anger.John concludes his story, about how he was kept two years in a harem as the lover of the sultaness, before finding true love and being rejected on a remote Greek island by his one true love, Doña Ana. Mickler tells him at the story's end that he believes John is Don Juan DeMarco, the greatest lover the world has ever known. When John asks Mickler who he is, he says "I am Don Octavio de Flores" and that John has seen through all of his masks.At the end of the ten days, Mickler is able to convince John to take his medication, and makes him understand that not everyone believes he is Don Juan. Right before his retirement, Mickler and John meet with the board, with John in street clothes. He speaks with an American accent, and acknowledges that he was born in Queens, his father was killed in a car accident, and that his mother was unfaithful to his father, so entered a convent in Mexico. John is released and accompanies Mickler, along with his wife Marilyn, to the remote island of Eros that Don Juan has described where he met his true love Ana. The older couple dance on the beach, while John connects with someone in the distance.
779	Drop Zone (1994)	Action	Aboard a commercial Boeing 747 airliner, U.S. Marshals brothers Terry and Pete Nessip are escorting computer expert Earl Leedy to a high-security prison. When an apparent terrorist hijack attempt blows a hole in the airliner, Terry is sucked out of the plane, falling more than 30,000 ft (9,100 m) to his death. The perpetrators parachute out of the same hole, taking Leedy with them.Ex-Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) agent and renegade skydiver Ty Moncrief is the mastermind behind the attack, which culminated in the first-ever parachute jump from a commercial jet at 30,000 feet. Ty plans to use Leedy to hack into the DEA mainframe computer in Washington, D.C. so Ty can auction the names of undercover agents to drug cartels worldwide. Ty has scheduled this to be accomplished during an Independence Day parachute exhibition and fireworks display, which is the one day every year when security is loosened around the airspace above D.C.Pete believes that the hijacking may have been an elaborate prison break meant to free Leedy. However, the FBI declares that sneaking a parachute through airport security is impossible, and that parachuting at the jet's altitude and speed is not survivable. A devastated Pete is blamed for overreacting to the incident, and he is forced to resign.Undeterred, Pete consults a US Navy high-altitude military parachuting instructor who confirms that he and his team have parachuted from that height and speed, but the instructor also states that the high-density metal rings in the parachutes would not pass airport metal detectors and that the operation required either rare skills or suicidal recklessness. The instructor believes the world class skydiver Don Jagger could perform the jump, but he does not know Jagger's whereabouts. Pete is instead referred to Jagger's reckless ex-girlfriend, ex-con Jessie Crossman, who runs a skydiving school in the Florida Keys. Jessie, who is unaware that Jagger is part of Ty's crew, agrees to train Pete how to skydive, if he will sponsor her team for the parachute exhibition.Soon after, when Jagger's identity is exposed by a passenger from the hijacking, Jagger is found dead, tangled in some high voltage power lines. Jessie breaks into the police impound to examine Jagger's parachute. She determines that his death was a murder engineered by Ty, and she swears revenge. Pete inquires as to the parachute's lack of metal, which Jessie explains is a custom "smuggler's rig" made with high density fabrics to deter detection.When Pete discovers Ty's plan to hack into the DEA mainframe, the rest of the parachuting team agrees to help Pete with his objective. Jessie's parachuting friend Selkirk is severely injured after using a faulty parachute that Ty had intended for Jessie to use.On the night of the Independence Day exhibition, Jessie sneaks into Ty's parachuting aircraft, holding them at gunpoint in order to determine an explanation for Jagger's death. Ty's men force her out of the aircraft and then exit themselves with parachutes. Jessie manages to grab ahold of the aircraft door bar. She releases her grasp and free falls just as Pete and the parachuting team arrive and rescue her, floating down safely to the roof of the DEA mainframe office building where Ty has already arrived.Pete tries to find access to the DEA mainframe control room, eliminating Ty's men one by one, with the help of the parachuting team. He breaks in and holds Leedy (who has already started downloading the identities) as hostage. Ty kidnaps Jessie. He threatens to kill her unless Pete releases Leedy. Pete and Ty fight, which results in both of them falling out the building window. Pete opens his emergency parachute, but Ty tumbles to his death. Pete lands safely on the ground and is escorted away by paramedics. He spots Leedy wearing a DEA jacket, leaving the scene. A team member, Swoop, leaps from the building with a parachute, landing on Leedy and stopping him in his tracks. Pete tells Jessie jokingly that he would try skydiving again in 40 or 50 years.
780	Dumb & Dumber (1994)	Comedy	Lloyd Christmas and Harry Dunne are two good-hearted but dimwitted best friends and roommates living in Providence, Rhode Island. Lloyd, a chip-toothed limousine driver, is instantly smitten with his passenger Mary Swanson, who is flying to Aspen, Colorado. She leaves a briefcase in the airport and Lloyd attempts to return it, unaware it contains ransom money she has left for criminals Joe "Mental" Mentalino and J. P. Shay. Her plane has already departed, and Lloyd falls out of the jetway.Fired for leaving the scene of an accident, Lloyd returns home to learn that Harry, a dog groomer, has also been fired for showing up late to a dog show with the dogs covered in food. Mental and Shay follow Lloyd home, but he and Harry mistake the crooks for debt collectors and flee, returning later to find Harry's parakeet has been decapitated. Lloyd convinces Harry that they should return Mary's briefcase, and they set off for Aspen in Harry's dog-styled van.Mental poses as a hitchhiker and is picked up by Harry and Lloyd, who annoy him with their childish antics. Stopping for lunch, Mental plans to slip the duo rat poison pills, but they prank him by putting chili peppers in his burger, aggravating his stomach ulcer. Mistaking the pills for his medication, they inadvertently kill him with the poison but continue their trip.At a gas station, Harry flirts with fellow Aspen-bound driver Beth, and unwittingly saves Lloyd from being assaulted by Sea Bass, a trucker they offended earlier. Police wait to intercept the duo on the road to Colorado, but Lloyd takes a wrong turn and drives all night through Nebraska. Harry gives up on the journey, but Lloyd persuades him to continue after trading their van for a minibike.The duo arrives in Aspen but cannot find Mary, and a frustrated Harry attacks Lloyd, breaking open the briefcase and discovering the money, which they use on a hotel suite and lavish spending spree. They read in the newspaper that Mary and her family are hosting a charity gala, where a nervous Lloyd asks Harry to talk to her on his behalf. However, Harry agrees to go skiing with Mary instead, lying to Lloyd that he arranged a date for him.While Harry and Mary have an enjoyable time together, Lloyd waits at the hotel bar and encounters Beth. Visiting Mary's home, he realizes that Harry lied to spend the day with her himself. In retaliation, Lloyd serves him coffee laced with laxatives, causing Harry to spontaneously defecate in Mary's broken toilet, while Lloyd reintroduces himself to Mary. Taking her to the hotel to return the briefcase, he confesses his love for her, but she rejects him. Nicholas Andre, a friend of the Swanson family, arrives, from whom Lloyd learns that Mary has a husband named Bobby, and that the money was for him, revealing himself as the mastermind behind the kidnapping. Nicholas holds them at gunpoint and is furious to discover that Harry and Lloyd spent the ransom, replacing it with IOUs. Harry arrives and after a brief confrontation with Lloyd over Mary is shot by Nicholas, and plays dead before ineptly returning fire. An FBI team bursts in, led by Beth, revealing that she's an agent on the kidnappers' case and prepared Harry with a bulletproof vest and gun. Nicholas and Shay are arrested, and Mary and Bobby are reunited, much to Lloyd's dismay.With their trip rendered pointless and their hopes for the trip crushed, Harry and Lloyd travel home on foot, after all their purchases were confiscated and their minibike broke down. They encounter a busload of bikini models on a national tour, but ignorantly reject an offer to be their "oil boys". Harry tells Lloyd that they will get their "break" one day, and they play a game of tag as they walk back to Rhode Island.
781	French Kiss (1995)	Comedy, Romance	American history teacher Kate lives in Canada with her fiancé Charlie, a doctor. When Charlie urges her to accompany him to Paris for an upcoming conference, she declines, partly due to her fear of flying, lactose intolerance and her pending application to become a Canadian citizen.Days later, Charlie calls Kate, saying he has fallen in love with a French woman, Juliette, and will not be returning. Determined to win him back, Kate boards a flight to Paris and is seated next to smarmy Frenchman Luc Teyssier, whom she instantly dislikes. Luc, who comes from a family of vintners, is smuggling a stolen diamond necklace in an American grape vine. He plans to sell the necklace and use the vine to create his own vineyard. Knowing Kate is unlikely to be searched at customs, he hides them in her bag.At the airport in Paris, Luc is spotted by Inspector Jean-Paul Cardon, who offers him a ride home and searches his bag for signs of criminality. Cardon is aware of Luc's profession but encourages him to stop and is unwilling to arrest him because Luc once saved his life.Kate waits for Charlie in the lobby of his hotel, but faints when she sees him kissing the beautiful, glamorous Juliette. A French thief, Bob, steals her luggage while she's out. Luc arrives to retrieve the vine and necklace, and helps Kate identify the thief, whom Luc knows. At Bob's apartment, he admits to having sold her passport and given away her clothes, but the vine is still there.Kate attempts to get help from both the American and Canadian embassies, but she is denied help as she sought Canadian citizenship without disclosing a prior felony conviction for possession of marijuana. She books a train to Cannes to pursue Charlie, who is traveling with Juliette to meet her parents. Luc, having discovered the necklace is not with the vine and must be in Kate's bag, arrives and pretends to be interested in helping her win Charlie back.That night, Kate kisses Luc in her sleep. He is disturbed to realize his attraction to her. In the morning, Kate describes a "delicious dream," while sampling copious amounts of French cheese, but they soon make her ill. The pair get off the train at La Ravelle in Paulhaguet, which Luc reluctantly admits is his hometown. He takes Kate to his family's vineyard. She learns about his family and that he gambled away his rights to the family vineyard in a poker game, but is knowledgeable about wine and has a clear passion for it. As they board the train for Cannes, Kate playfully reveals she found the necklace.Luc advises Kate to mimic the romantic attitudes of French women, who act indifferent toward men and play hard to get. Kate approaches Charlie and Juliette on the beach. She admits to having come to France to win Charlie back, but now claims Luc is her lover and she's realized that the life she was building with Charlie was boring and no longer interests her. That afternoon, Cardon approaches Kate, telling her the necklace is stolen and asking her to hand it over to him so that Luc will not be arrested. She convinces Luc to let her sell the necklace to Cartier.Kate has dinner with Charlie to discuss the details of dividing their shared property in Canada. He is intrigued by her newfound indifference to him, while Luc distracts Juliette. Kate and Charlie go back to her room, but Kate rejects his advances, realizing she no longer loves him. Luc goes to bed with Juliette, but stops when he calls her "Kate."The next morning, Kate tells Luc she has won Charlie back. She returns the necklace to Cardon and then gives Luc a check, supposedly from Cartier, which is actually a check for her life savings. She then leaves with Luc's gratitude and heads for the airport. Cardon approaches Luc, who witnesses Charlie and Juliette reconciling, and reveals what Kate has done for him. Luc finds Kate on the airplane and confesses his love for her. They are last seen kissing passionately on the vineyard they now own together.
782	Little Odessa (1994)	Drama	The film follows the personal relationship between Arkady Shapira, his terminally ill wife Irina, and their two sons, Joshua and Reuben. Joshua, the elder brother, is a hit-man for the Russian-Jewish mafia in Brooklyn and estranged from his family. After finishing a contract killing, Joshua is ordered to kill an Iranian jeweler in Brighton Beach, which he reluctantly accepts. Joshua stands outside his family's apartment, where he is spotted by one of his old friends Sasha, who tells Joshua's brother Reuben the next day. Reuben goes to the hotel where Joshua is staying to see him. Joshua asks Reuben how he knew he was in Brighton, and they plan to meet again the next day.Joshua waits near the boardwalk where Sasha is and intimidates him to tell who else knows about Joshua being in Brighton. Sasha brings Joshua to the car repairstand where Viktor and Yuri are. Joshua says they will help him find the Iranian jeweler and when they refuse, Joshua threatens them.When a man notices Joshua walking on the street, Joshua follows him to a phone booth and shoots him dead to avoid being exposed, angering neighborhood boss Boris Volkoff. Joshua starts dating his ex-girlfriend Alla Shustervich, who asks Reuben if he has seen Joshua anywhere, and the trio see a movie together. Eventually, Reuben takes Joshua home to see his parents again, but Arkady denounces him as a murderer and kicks him out.Joshua uses information about his father's affair to see his dying mother, who, after reminiscing about the past, asks him to go to his grandmother's birthday party, which Joshua agrees to. On the day of the party, Joshua meets with his friends to kidnap the jeweler. They take him to the dump where Joshua kills the man, before burning the body in the furnace. They wipe the gun clean of prints and drop it near the furnace. Reuben witnesses the killing, and takes the gun from the murder scene. Arkady discovers that Reuben has been skipping school for two months and beats him. Upon seeing Reuben's bruised face, Joshua brings Arkady to a snowy field and prepares to kill him, but loses his nerve after Arkady tells him that there's nowhere left for him to go in Brighton Beach. Afterwards, Arkady relinquishes his son to Volkoff and Irina dies.The next day when Reuben is riding his bike, two of Volkoff's men push him to the ground and tell him that Joshua is a dead man. With the mafia pursuing him, Joshua stays at Alla's.Volkoff's men look for Joshua and search Alla's neighborhood. Reuben finds out from Sasha where Joshua is and rides there on his bike to warn his brother. One of Volkoff's men finds Alla outside hanging out laundry and shoots her before escaping. Reuben finds Alla's body and shoots the second would-be assassin. Sasha arrives on the spot and, seeing somebody behind the sheets that Alla had hung out to dry, immediately shoots the person through the sheet, believing it is one of the men looking for Joshua. When he looks behind the sheet, he realizes that he has killed Reuben; he runs off before Joshua can show up. Afterwards, Joshua finds Reuben and takes his body, wrapped in the sheet, to the furnace for cremation.
783	Milk Money (1994)	Comedy, Romance	Three boys — Brad, Frank Wheeler and Kevin — travel from the fictional bedroom suburb of Middleton to Pittsburgh, bringing money with hopes of seeing a woman naked. They find a prostitute named V who is willing to show her breasts. However, when they decide to head home, they find their bikes have been stolen, leaving them broke and stuck in the city. V speaks with her drug-dealing pimp named Cash and another prostitute, Betty. Cash has been skimming money that he sends to mob collector Waltzer, who in turn steals from his boss Jerry "The Pope". V notices the boys outside in the rain and offers them a ride back home in Cash's car.After they arrive at Frank's house, the car V was using suddenly breaks down, so she goes inside to use the phone. Tom, Frank's father, comes home, and he is surprised to find a woman in the house. Unknown to V, Frank tells Tom that V is a math tutor to Brad. Tom offers to repair her car in a few days when he is free from his science classes at school. With no other option, she accepts Frank's offer to stay in his tree house without Tom's knowledge. Frank begins a close friendship with V, hoping to set her up with his father. He tells her Tom has no problem with her "job", meaning the tutoring ruse, but she thinks he means her prostitution.V learns from television that Cash has been murdered by Waltzer. She phones Betty, only to discover that Waltzer is looking for her - Cash lied and told him that she stole the money that Cash was stealing from Waltzer. She realizes that he is overhearing the conversation and hangs up. With V's car still broken down, she gets Tom's old bike from the garage and rushes to find him. He is on a field trip to the town's wetlands, land that he is attempting to save from development. He is unable to repair her car any sooner, but she realizes that she is probably safer in Middleton because Waltzer doesn't know where she is.At school, Frank flunks a biology test about sex education and must give his class an oral presentation. He decides to use V as a mannequin, and through a ruse, distracts his teacher long enough to draw a relatively accurate female reproductive system on her skin-colored bodysuit. Tom and V go on a date, and both realize they are developing feelings for each other. While walking through town on their date, Tom and V run into Kevin's family. V recognizes Kevin's father, who is a client, but he initially says that she has him mixed up with someone else before admitting to remembering her and says that she was a dance teacher. Tom is impressed with how busy V is being a tutor and dance teacher; V then realizes that Frank had lied about Tom knowing about her prostitution. V explains herself to Tom, and their relationship grows. She reveals that her real name is Eve, which she thought was too biblical, so she removed the Es. Kevin's father unwittingly calls her home phone number, which he had in his pocket notebook, in an attempt to purchase her services again. He talks to Betty, and Waltzer, who happens to be there also, learns from Betty about the trip to Middleton, thus finding out where V is hiding.V is terrified that Waltzer will find her, so she decides to leave town, but attends a school dance to say goodbye to Frank. Waltzer arrives and whilst at the dance both Waltzer and V realize that the stolen money is physically in Cash's car, and a chase ensues, ending in Cash's car blowing up, with Waltzer finally giving up on chasing them as he believes the stolen money has blown up with the car. Anxious about her status and afraid to return to her old job, V goes to Waltzer's boss and relates how he has been cheating him. She asks to be "forgotten" by them. The older crime boss tells her that he'll take care of things and allows her to walk away from prostitution for good. V finds the stolen money in a backpack and uses it to buy the wetlands in Tom's name; it is also revealed that she purchased the ice-cream parlor in town, so she can carry on with her new relationship.
784	Beyond Bedlam (1993)	Drama, Horror	The Bedlam Series is the name given to the Oklahoma–Oklahoma State rivalry. It refers to the athletics rivalry between the Oklahoma State University Cowboys and Cowgirls of the Big 12 Conference and the University of Oklahoma Sooners of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). Both schools were also members of the Big Eight Conference before the formation of the Big 12 Conference in 1996, and both were divisional rivals in the Big 12 South Division prior to 2011. Since Bedlam began in 1900, 40 years of the rivalry's games were played without the teams playing in the same conference. The rivalry concluded as an annual conference matchup for football following the 2023–24 NCAA Division I FBS season, after which Oklahoma joined the SEC; while scheduling issues preclude the resumption of the Bedlam Series for football until the 2031 season, the Series will continue for basketball as a non-conference game for the 2024–25 season. The Bedlam Series is, like most other intrastate rivalries, a rivalry that goes beyond one or two sports. Both schools also have rivalries with other schools, though most of those rivalries are limited to one or two sports at the most. While the football and basketball games stand today as the marquee events in the Bedlam Series, the term "Bedlam" actually began with the rivalry between the schools' prestigious wrestling programs, more particularly the raucous crowds that attended the matches held at Oklahoma State's Gallagher-Iba Arena.
785	Only You (1994)	Comedy, Romance	After playing with a Ouija board with her brother Larry, 11-year-old Faith Corvatch becomes convinced that her soulmate, the man she is destined to be with, is named "Damon Bradley". This belief is strengthened when a few years later, a carnival fortune-teller tells her that "Damon Bradley" is the name of the man she will marry.Fourteen years later, Faith, now 25, is a teacher at a Catholic school and is engaged to a podiatrist. Ten days before the wedding, Faith learns that her fiancé's high-school classmate, Damon Bradley, is flying to Venice that day. Determined to meet him, Faith follows his trail with her sister-in-law and childhood best friend, Kate, who is experiencing turbulence in her marriage and looking for a getaway as well, from Pittsburgh through Venice and the Italian countryside to a street-side restaurant in Rome, but they keep missing him.Faith meets a young American man, but has no interest until he identifies himself as Damon Bradley. They spend a romantic evening together and fall hopelessly in love. He later reveals that his actual name is Peter Wright, so she angrily leaves him and prepares to fly back home. Meanwhile, a suave Italian businessman named Giovanni has been wooing Kate.The next morning, Peter tells Faith he searched for Damon overnight, discovering he has moved on to Positano. Giovanni offers to drive the three Americans there. At a lavish hotel, Faith meets Damon, a handsome playboy, and invites him to dinner. Peter spies on them until Damon makes unwelcome sexual advances on Faith. It transpires that this "Damon" is actually a friend of Peter's who has helped stage the entire scene.Back in the United States, Larry discovers that his wife, Kate, is in Italy. He travels there to find her while Kate and Faith are again planning to return home. Larry arrives in time to make up with Kate. He also reveals to her that he intentionally spelled out the name "Damon Bradley" on the Ouija board as a prank, and then paid the fortune-teller to tell Faith that her true love had the same name. He refuses to tell her the truth because he fears she would never speak to him again.Faith and Peter are at the airport when they hear Damon Bradley paged. At the information desk, they finally meet Damon. Peter tells him why Faith has been following him, and also that he (Peter) is in love with her, then boards his flight home to Boston. Damon asks Faith if she loves Peter. She realizes that she does and rushes to join him on his plane. The airport staff delays the flight until she can board. She and Peter embrace and kiss as the passengers and crew applaud.
786	Perez Family, The (1995)	Comedy, Romance	The Perez Family is an American comedy film released in 1995 about a group of Cuban refugees in America who pretend to be a family. It stars Marisa Tomei, Alfred Molina, Anjelica Huston, Chazz Palminteri, and other well-known actors. It was based on the 1990 novel The Perez Family by Christine Bell. The film was directed by Mira Nair. The premise was that a group of unrelated people, who happened to share the last name "Pérez", realized they could more easily stay in America if they pretended to be family. Set in 1980 during the Mariel boatlift, the movie shows Juan Raúl Pérez (Alfred Molina), a former aristocrat and newly released political prisoner, seeking to return to his wife, now in America, after 20 years. Dottie Pérez (Marisa Tomei) is a former prostitute, who Juan meets. U.S. Immigration officials assume the two are married, because of the common last name. The potential for a real romantic relationship between the couple sets the basis for much of the rest of the film.
787	Roommates (1995)	Comedy, Drama	In 1963 Pittsburgh, Rocky Holzcek is a cantankerous 77-year-old Polish-American baker who insists, despite relatives' protests, upon adopting his young grandson Michael when the boy's parents pass away. The other family members are unwilling to take in Michael and say that Rocky is too old, but he insists that "Family takes care of family!" The two live in Rocky's apartment and often play cards. Rocky has a habit of taking a long time to arrange his hand, and this drives Michael crazy. Twenty years later, Michael is a medical intern in Columbus who's forced to take in his still-spry grandfather when the old man is evicted from his apartment building. At a college history class, Rocky explains that the "S" in Harry S Truman's name actually did stand for something, despite what the professor says, because it was a Russian name. Although the crusty, outspoken Rocky gets along with his Chinese college roommates, they play cards together, still with Rocky taking his dear sweet time to arrange his hand, he is less enthused about his grandson's girlfriend, Beth.Eventually, Michael and Beth marry and head to Pittsburgh where Michael begins his medical residency, while Rocky continues working as a baker. An illness forces Rocky to move back to Pittsburgh with his grandson and his wife, and Rocky warms up to Beth. They play cards, and it seems Beth takes even longer to arrange her hand than Rocky! Seven years pass, and Rocky lives with Michael and Beth and their two children, as Michael has built himself a prominent medical career. However, when Beth is killed in an automobile accident, the old man once again comes to support his grandson in his time of need. Beth's mother wants to take the children, and Michael - initially - agrees. Rocky again lectures Michael on his motto: "Family takes care of family." Michael decides he can't give up the children, and echoes Rocky when he tells Beth's mother "End of discussion!" She backs off and Michael and Rocky take the kids home. At the end of the film, Rocky is in a hospital room, and Michael and the kids come to him to celebrate his 107th birthday. Seeing his EKG growing weak, Michael sends the kids out of the room, and tries to be upbeat for Rocky's sake. He picks up a newspaper and talks about Rocky looking for a new job. Running through the want ads, he pauses after reading one for a Chinese bakery! Turning to Rocky, he asks, "You know anything about this?" A reference to his old college roommates. Rocky smiles, but grows weaker, and Michael finally tells him it's okay, he can go now. Rocky quietly passes away knowing that his grandson is well, and that he has provided all the care that he could for him.
788	Relative Fear (1994)	Horror, Thriller	Relative Fear (also known as The Child and Le silence d'Adam) is a 1994 Canadian independent psychological horror film that references the 1956 film The Bad Seed. An autistic child is seemingly born to kill and does so.
789	Swimming with Sharks (1995)	Comedy, Drama	Buddy Ackerman, an influential movie mogul, hires Guy, a naïve young writer, as his assistant. Guy, who had just graduated from film school, believes that his new job is a golden opportunity. Despite warnings from Rex, the outgoing assistant who has become hardened under Buddy's reign, Guy remains optimistic.Buddy turns out to be the boss from hell; he treats Guy like a slave, subjects him to sadistic (and public) verbal abuse, and has him bending over backward to do meaningless errands that go beyond just his work life. Guy is humiliated and forced to bear the brunt of his insults. Guy's only solace is his new girlfriend Dawn, a producer at Buddy's firm. When Buddy apparently fires Guy in a phone call, Guy finally snaps and takes Buddy hostage in order to exact revenge. He ties Buddy up and subjects him to severe beatings, torture and mind games. It is later revealed that due to a botched call waiting function on Buddy's home phone, Guy hears Buddy and Dawn arranging a rendezvous at Buddy's house.Once in Guy's power, Buddy reveals for the first time a human, vulnerable side. He tells Guy that his wife had been shot, raped, and murdered on Christmas Eve twelve years prior, and reveals that he, too, was once a bullied assistant to powerful, tyrannical men and spent a decade putting up with such abuse to become successful himself. He also reveals that abusing Guy was his way of teaching Guy that he must earn his success. Dawn arrives at the scene to find Guy aiming a gun at Buddy's face and insists that she had only agreed to see Buddy as a way of helping Guy's career. Dawn pleads with Guy to put down the gun, whereupon Buddy tells Guy that he has to pull the trigger in order to get ahead in the business. After a moment's indecision, Buddy screams at Guy to shoot, which Guy does.It is revealed that Guy killed Dawn, who is blamed for kidnapping and torturing Buddy, and was subsequently promoted. Later, Guy coldly tells a former colleague to find out what he really wants and then do anything to get it, echoing the numerous times Buddy told Guy. A beaten up Buddy then passes by Guy's office, making eye contact with him and silently gesturing to call him into his office for a meeting. Guy excuses himself and goes into Buddy's office, ignoring his ringing telephone. Buddy shuts his office doors as other employees walk by.
790	Tommy Boy (1995)	Comedy	After seven years at college, friendly but dim-witted Thomas R. "Tommy" Callahan III barely graduates from Marquette University and returns to his hometown of Sandusky, Ohio. His father, widowed industrialist Thomas R. "Big Tom" Callahan Jr., gives him an executive job at the family's auto parts plant, Callahan Auto, and reveals he will marry Beverly Barrish-Burns, whom he had met at a fat farm, with her son Paul effectively becoming Tommy's new stepbrother. However, Big Tom suddenly suffers a fatal heart attack during the wedding reception. After the funeral, doubting the company will survive without Big Tom, the bank reneges on promises of a loan for a new brake pad division, requiring that the company's debts be resolved immediately. Tommy suggests that he will let the bank hold his few inherited shares and house in exchange for the bank giving time to sell 500,000 brake pads to prove the new division's viability; if he succeeds, the bank will underwrite the venture. Tommy then sets out on a cross-country sales trip with Big Tom's sardonic and sycophantic assistant Richard Hayden, a childhood acquaintance who is particularly antagonistic towards Tommy.Meanwhile, sales manager Michelle Brock, a high school classmate and love interest of Tommy's, notices Beverly and Paul kissing romantically; they reveal themselves as married con artists with criminal records. Instead of eventually suing for divorce and taking half of Big Tom's estate, Beverly has inherited a controlling interest in the company. To convert that into cash, she seeks a quick sale to self-described "auto parts king" Ray Zalinsky, owner and operator of rival automotive parts company Zalinsky Auto Parts in Chicago.On the road, Tommy's social anxiety and hyperactivity alienate several potential buyers. The lack of any progress leads to tension between Tommy and Richard, culminating in the near destruction of Richard's car and a fistfight. However, after witnessing Tommy persuade a waitress to serve him chicken wings at a restaurant after the kitchen has closed, Richard suggests he use his skill at reading people to make sales. The two reconcile and quickly reach their sales goal.However, Paul sabotages the company's computers, causing sales posted by Michelle to be either lost or rerouted. With half of the sales now canceled, the bank (now backed by Beverly and Paul) decides to sell Callahan Auto to Zalinsky. Hoping to persuade Zalinsky to reconsider, Tommy and Richard board a plane to Chicago posing as flight attendants. In Chicago, they briefly meet with Zalinsky, but he tells them he desires the reputation connected with the Callahan brand, planning to shutter the company and lay off its workers, which, in turn, would financially ruin the town.Tommy and Richard are denied entrance to the Zalinsky board room since Tommy has no standing. As they wallow on the curb in self-pity, Michelle quickly arrives with Paul and Beverly's police records. Tommy devises a plan: dressed as a suicide bomber by using road flares, he attracts the attention of a live television news crew and, along with Michelle and Richard, forces his way back into the board room. Back in Sandusky, Callahan workers watch the drama on television. In a final move of pure persuasion, Tommy quotes Zalinsky's own advertising slogan, claiming he stands for the "American working man." As the television audience watches, Zalinsky signs Tommy's purchase order for 500,000 brake pads. Although Zalinsky nullifies the purchase order as he will soon own Callahan Auto, Michelle arrives with Paul's police records, which include outstanding warrants for fraud.Since Beverly is still married to Paul, her marriage to Big Tom was bigamous and therefore never legal. All of Big Tom's controlling shares thus belong to his son. When Tommy refuses to sell the shares, the deal with Zalinsky is off, and since Tommy still holds Zalinsky's purchase order, the company is saved. Paul attempts to flee, but accidentally triggers a crash test mechanism that subdues him, and he is subsequently arrested. Zalinsky admits defeat, honoring the sales order, and invites Beverly to dinner. Back in Sandusky, Tommy gives a speech at the plant saying he will take his presidency of Callahan Auto seriously to keep the workers steadily employed. Sailing in his dinghy on a lake, Tommy tells his father's spirit he will continue his legacy at Callahan and says he must go ashore to have dinner with Michelle and her family, having begun a relationship with her.
791	Baby-Sitters Club, The (1995)	Children's	The Baby-Sitters Club (also known as the BSC) is a series of novels written by Ann M. Martin and published by Scholastic between 1986 and 2000. Collectively, the series has sold more than 190 million copies. Martin has authored an estimated 60–80 novels in the series, while subsequent titles have been written by ghostwriters such as Peter Lerangis. The Baby-Sitters Club is about a group of friends living in the fictional, suburban town of Stoneybrook, Connecticut, who run a local babysitting service called the "Baby-Sitters Club". The original four members are Kristy Thomas (founder and president), Mary Anne Spier (secretary), Claudia Kishi (vice-president), and Stacey McGill (treasurer), but the number of members varies throughout the series. The novels are told in first person and deal with issues such as illness, divorce, and moving house. As the series progresses, Dawn Schafer (Alternate Officer), Mallory Pike and Jessi Ramsey (Junior Officers), Logan Bruno (Associate Member), Shannon Kilbourne (second Associate Member), and Abby Stevenson (Replacement Alternate Officer for Dawn) join the Baby-Sitters Club.
792	Bullets Over Broadway (1994)	Comedy	In 1928, David Shayne is an idealistic young playwright newly arrived on Broadway from Pittsburgh. Desperate to gain financing for his play, God of Our Fathers, he is persuaded by producer Julian Marx to cast actress Olive Neal, the girlfriend of gangster Nick Valenti, in a minor role.Compensating for his frustration with the demanding and talentless Olive, David is thrilled to cast alcoholic faded star Helen Sinclair in the lead role, along with the dieting British thespian Warner Purcell. Rehearsals are soon thrown into chaos when Olive shows up escorted by Cheech, a mob henchman, who insists on watching rehearsals.Eventually Cheech starts giving notes on the script to David, who is initially angered by the intrusion but quickly realizes the ideas are excellent. Cheech, who barely learned to read before burning down his school, has a natural talent for playwriting, but is not interested in taking any credit. The cast members herald the revised script as genius, disparaging his initial draft as dull and pompous.Buoyed by their imminent success, David and the actors succumb to their vices. His partner, Ellen, catches him cheating on her with Helen. Warner indulges in overeating and begins an affair with Olive, which he attempts to break off when Cheech threatens his life. Growing increasingly frustrated with Olive's poor acting, Cheech tries to have her fired from the production. After David reminds him he cannot get rid of Olive, Cheech murders her and dumps her body in a river.Olive's murder is widely assumed to be part of an inter-gang conflict, but David immediately senses the truth and argues with Cheech. Regretting his mistakes, David is dismayed to learn that Ellen is leaving him for his hedonistic Marxist friend Sheldon Flender.On opening night, Valenti accuses Cheech of Olive's murder, which he denies. Henchmen Rocco and Aldo chase Cheech backstage while the play is being performed, shooting him. With his dying words, Cheech gives David a new final line for the play. The play is a critical and commercial success, but David skips the after-party to confront Flender. He confesses his lack of talent and proposes marriage to Ellen, who accepts his newfound desire to leave high society and move back to Pittsburgh.
793	Crooklyn (1994)	Comedy	In 1973, 9-year-old Troy Carmichael and her brothers Clinton, Wendell, Nate, and Joseph live in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn with their parents Woody, a struggling musician, and Carolyn, a schoolteacher. The neighborhood is filled with colorful people, such as Tony Eyes, the Carmichaels' next-door neighbor, whose house emits the foul smell of dog feces; Tommy La-La, who continuously sings; and Snuffy and Right Hand Man, glue sniffers; and war veteran Vic Powell, who rents from the Carmichaels and lives upstairs.One day, the Carmichael children get into an argument with Tony after he sees Wendell throwing trash into his area. It escalates when their mother Carolyn and several neighborhood children get involved. But Vic comes downstairs and punches Tony in the face. Troy, who has sneaked out to the corner store, sees Vic getting arrested as she leaves the store.One night, Woody and Carolyn argue about money; Carolyn resents Woody for using their money carelessly to fund his solo career. As the argument escalates, Carolyn yells for the children to turn off the television; later she turns it off herself. Clinton turns his back on her and she grabs him for disobeying. Woody grabs her and carries her out of the room, and down the stairs. Nate jumps on his father's back as the other children hold Carolyn apart; she hurts her ankle in the struggle. Carolyn kicks Woody out of the house, but later he brings her flowers and they reconcile.The family decides to go on a trip but, as they are leaving, a worker from Con Ed arrives to shut off the electricity due to an unpaid bill. The family has to postpone the trip and use candles for light.A few days later, the family travels to the South to stay with affluent relatives. Troy stays for a longer period with her cousin, Viola, who was adopted by Uncle Clem and Aunt Song. Troy has fun with Viola despite disliking her snobby aunt and her dog, Queenie. On Troy's tenth birthday, she gets a letter from her mother. After reading the letter and dealing with bickering between Viola and Aunt Song, Troy decides she wants to go home.When Troy returns to New York, her Aunt Maxine and Uncle Brown pick her up at the airport. Troy later learns her mother is in the hospital; she is taken to see her. Later that evening, Woody tells the kids that their mother has cancer and must stay in the hospital. The boys cry, but Troy remains stoic. Troy begins filling her mother's role. Carolyn continues to be treated in the hospital but later dies.Afterward, one of Troy's brothers wonders if they have to dress up for their mother's funeral. On the day of the funeral, Troy's Aunt Maxine coaxes her into trying on the new clothes she's brought, telling her it would make Carolyn proud. Troy calmly says that her mother has a strong dislike of polyester and would never let her wear it. Then she tells her father that she is not going to the funeral. After he says that Carolyn would want them all together at church, Troy agrees to go.At the house gathering after the funeral, Troy is withdrawn. Joseph comes inside crying, saying that Snuffy and Right Hand Man robbed him. Following her mother's wishes for her to protect her younger brother, Troy takes a baseball bat outside and hits Snuffy, telling him to go sniff glue on his own block.Early the next morning, Troy dreams she's hearing her mother's voice. She goes downstairs and sees her father trying to kill a rat in the kitchen. He says that it is all right to cry, and that even her oldest brother Clinton has cried. Troy concludes that it is good that her mother's suffering has ended.As the summer ends, the Carmichael family and their friends gradually resume their lives. Troy assumes the matriarch role left by her mother. Carolyn's spirit visits Troy, praising her for taking on such responsibilities.
794	It Could Happen to You (1994)	Drama, Romance	Police officer Charlie Lang is kind and generous. He loves his job and enjoys a strong rapport with the Queens neighborhood where he lives. His wife Muriel works in a hairdressing salon. Muriel is greedy, selfish, and materialistic; she constantly complains about their situation in life.Waitress Yvonne Biasi, also kind and generous, is newly bankrupt. Her estranged husband Eddie has taken her credit card and spent $12,000 without her consent. The court holds her responsible for the entire bill; moreover, her boss docks her pay for the time she spent in court.Yvonne hits it off with Charlie while waiting on him at the diner where she works. Charlie, not having enough money for a tip, instead offers Yvonne double the tip tomorrow or half of his prospective lottery winnings. He wins a $4 million share of a $64 million lottery prize the next day. Charlie makes good on his offer to split the prize with Yvonne, despite Muriel's protests. Charlie and Yvonne become instant celebrities, while Muriel becomes a spokesperson for her favorite beauty products.Yvonne buys the diner, and fires her ex-boss. She also sets up a table, with Charlie's name, at which people who cannot afford food can eat for free. Meanwhile, Charlie is wounded while foiling two would-be-robbers at a grocery store. Following a commendation, he takes mandatory leave from the NYPD.Charlie and Yvonne are invited to a gathering on a chartered boat for the lottery winners and members of high society. They miss the cruise so they bond over dinner. Muriel flirts with the wealthy Jack Gross.Muriel throws Charlie out of their apartment and demands a divorce, ostensibly because she is fed up with his charitable nature. That evening, Yvonne leaves her apartment after her husband Eddie shows up - threatening to stay unless he gets $50,000 from her. Charlie and Yvonne run into each other at the Plaza Hotel, where they spend the night together.At Muriel's and Charlie's divorce proceedings, she demands all the money that he won for herself. Charlie acquiesces but draws the line when she also demands the half he gave Yvonne. The case goes to court, which rules in Muriel's favor.Yvonne, feeling guilty at having bankrupted Charlie and wrecked his marriage, pushes him away. But he is in love with her, insisting that he does not care about the money and is far better off without Muriel. Yvonne reciprocates.While ruminating about their future at Yvonne's closed diner, the new couple provide a homeless man with soup at the Charlie Lang Table. The man is actually undercover photojournalist Angel Dupree, the film's narrator; he takes photos of Yvonne and Charlie for the next day's headline in the New York Post, wherein Angel praises their willingness to support him, even in their own "darkest hour."As Charlie and Yvonne are preparing to move out of NYC, they receive mail from hundreds of New Yorkers who read Angel's expose. The mail consists of encouraging letters, along with "tips for the cop and the waitress" totaling about $600,000, which pays the couple's debts.Right after Muriel becomes "Mrs. Jack Gross," he turns out to be a con artist who flees the country once he steals all of her money. Broke, she moves back in with her mother in the Bronx, and returns to her old job as a manicurist. Yvonne divorces Eddie, who never gets the $50,000.Charlie returns to the police force, while Yvonne reclaims the diner. They get married and, for their honeymoon, enjoy a hot-air balloon-ride over Central Park.
795	Richie Rich (1994)	Children's, Comedy	Richie Rich, "the world's richest boy", lives in Chicago with his billionaire parents Richard Sr. and Regina. Under the care of butler Herbert Cadbury, scientist Professor Keenbean, and Dollar the Dog, Richie enjoys a luxurious but lonely life. At Richard's reopening of a United Tool factory, Richie sees union rep Diane Koscinski's daughter Gloria and her friends playing sandlot ball, and tries to befriend them.Lawrence Van Dough, the CFO of Rich Industries, plots with head of security Ferguson to kill the Riches and steal their fortune, believed to be stored in a secret vault. Ferguson plants a bomb among the Riches' gifts for Elizabeth II's birthday as they prepare to leave Chicago to visit her. Cadbury convinces Regina to let Richie stay home instead and arranges for a day with the sandlot, accompanied by Diane. Though initially bribed by Cadbury to come and play, the kids decline the money after genuinely having fun with Richie.Flying the plane themselves, Richard and Regina discover the bomb just before it explodes, crashing the plane into the ocean. Stranded on a life raft, Richie's parents are presumed dead, and Van Dough takes control of Rich Industries. He attempts to close the factory, prompting Richie to assume company leadership, with Cadbury as his legal guardian and business proxy. Determined to seize the Riches' fortune, Van Dough has Cadbury framed for the bomb, arrested, and petitions to take over as Richie's legal guardian. He then regains control of Rich Industries, removing Richie as the company's leader, evicting the remaining family servants, and installing his security team at Rich Manor to keep Richie prisoner.Overhearing Van Dough's plan to have Cadbury killed in jail, Keenbean warns Richie, who sneaks out and rescues Cadbury. They enlist the help of Gloria and Diane. Meanwhile, Van Dough and Ferguson threaten Keenbean into revealing that the family vault requires a voice-activated code from Richard and Regina. At sea, Richard eventually repairs his "Dadlink", a device allowing Richie to track him anywhere in the world. Richie finds the Dadlink's signal using Gloria's computer, but Ferguson intercepts the coordinates and kidnaps Richard and Regina.Richie and Gloria rally the sandlot kids to help break into Rich Manor with Cadbury and Diane, using Keenbean's inventions against Van Dough's men. However, one of Van Dough's men, Nash, eventually captures the group. Van Dough forces Richard and Regina to take him to the vault, while Ferguson and Nash force Richie, Cadbury, Diane, Gloria, Tony, Omar, and Pee Wee into a molecular reorganizer. Ferguson and Nash's plan to turn them into bedpans is thwarted by Keenbean, who gets Nash stuck to his invention of Cementia and knocks a blinded Ferguson out with help from his invention Robobee. Richie takes a bag of Keenbean's inventions to save Richard and Regina.Holding Richard and Regina at gunpoint, Van Dough is led to the vault hidden within "Mount Richmore", their gigantic mountainside family portrait that is in the process of being 3-D laser-carved into the rock. Once through the voice-activated doors, however, Van Dough discovers that none of the family's financial assets are inside the vault, but what the Riches value most: treasured family mementos and heirlooms. Richie confronts Van Dough, who shoots him, but the bullets prove harmless thanks to Keenbean's bulletproof spray. Van Dough pursues the Riches down the side of the mountain. The Riches come under attack from carving-laser blasts shot by Ferguson. Cadbury follows Ferguson and they fight; Cadbury eventually wins by bashing Ferguson over the head with a concrete picture of Regina, saving the Riches. Cadbury fires the laser at Van Dough, who ends up hanging upside down for dear life. Despite not liking to fire staff, Richard allows Richie to fire Van Dough, and Regina punches him in the face.Days later, Richie plays baseball with Gloria and his new friends for the United Tool team in Rich Manor's yard, coached by Cadbury, who kisses Diane. Van Dough and Ferguson serve as the manor's gardeners as part of their work release.
796	Speechless (1994)	Comedy, Romance	After meeting each other for the first time in the gift shop of the Las Cruces, New Mexico hotel where they are both staying, insomniac writers Julia Mann and Kevin Vallick fight over the last box of sleep medicine.Initially, they do not realize both are speechwriters for rival candidates in a New Mexico Senate election, so they both fall in love. Julia works for Democratic candidate Lloyd Wannamaker and Kevin for Republican candidate Ray Garvin. Inadvertently influencing each other's work, they discover each other's jobs when they are both invited to speak at a school. Both shocked, they end up attacking each other verbally on stage. Later, in their campaign speeches, they continue to argue, unbeknownst to everyone else. Their romance causes great confusion, as they have to decide if love and politics can mix.Also complicating matters are, amongst other things, Kevin's cutthroat ex-wife Annette, who got Kevin the job on the Republican's campaign. Julia's estranged fiancé, television war correspondent Robert "Baghdad Bob" Freed (also known as "Mr. Flak Jacket") turns up and wants her back. She had broken off the engagement, as she believed he wanted a cheering section more than he wanted a wife.Julia's organizer accidentally falls into Kevin's hands, and he hacks into her candidate's speech, making Wannamaker sound foolish. Then, Julia's team meets with Kevin's in his offices. He doesn't attend, but meets with Julia that night; she tells him she's engaged again and he warns her she's getting fired. She takes advice from him to make her candidate more loved by the people by having him help rescue a missing bear cub that has been dominating the news. This gives Julia a promotion to press secretary.At a televised debate, Julia breaks off the engagement, and immediately after Kevin tells her he's crazy for her. They sneak off, spending the night together. The next morning at dawn, Annette shows up, tasking Kevin to write a campaign ad. Not able to wake him, Julia writes a sitcom-style ad.The next morning, Kevin chews out Julia because he thinks she leaked financial info to the press, not thanking her for the successful ad. Later on, one of Julia's staff tells Kevin that both of their candidates took bribes. A man named Proctor is responsible for both bribes, but has chosen Wannamaker. Julia is told by the campaign manager, as they approach the stage in victory.Kevin arrives, interrupting Wannamaker's victory speech, to declare his love, swooping down into Julia's arms. The film closes with a news report given by Bob of Julia's late entry into a senatorial race, with Kevin as campaign manager.
797	Timecop (1994)	Action, Sci-Fi	In 1863, in Gainesville, Georgia, a time traveler armed with futuristic weapons slaughters five Confederate soldiers and steals their shipment of gold bullion.In 1994, following the invention of time travel by Dr. Hans Kleindast, the U.S. Department of Justice funds the creation of the Time Enforcement Commission (TEC) to prevent alterations to the past. While users cannot travel to the future as it has not yet occurred, they can change the past, creating ripples that reshape the present. Senator Aaron McComb volunteers to oversee the TEC, while police officer Eugene Matuzak is appointed its first commissioner. Police officer Max Walker is offered a TEC position, but before he can accept, he and his wife Melissa are attacked at their home by unknown assailants. Walker is left for dead while Melissa is killed in an explosion.By 2004, Walker, now a veteran TEC agent, travels back to 1929 to arrest his former partner Lyle Atwood, who is using future knowledge to profit from the stock market crash. Atwood confesses that he is working for McComb, who has been secretly funding his presidential campaign through illicit time travel. Fearing McComb will erase his entire family from history, Atwood refuses to testify when he is brought back to the present and is executed by the TEC. When McComb visits the TEC, Walker subtly implies his suspicions about him.After surviving an ambush at his home by McComb’s henchmen, Walker is assigned a new partner, Sarah Fielding. They travel back to 1994 to investigate a time disturbance, and discover a younger McComb about to be bought out of a computer chip company by his partner Jack Parker. The 2004 McComb arrives to stop the deal, warning his younger self that the chip will soon be worth billions. He also cautions him against physical contact with his older self, as the same matter from different times cannot occupy the same space without destroying both. McComb kills Parker, and Fielding betrays Walker, revealing she is working for McComb. In the ensuing shootout, McComb wounds Fielding and escapes back to 2004.Walker returns to a heavily altered 2004, where McComb is now a wealthy presidential frontrunner and has shut down the TEC to eliminate interference. Walker convinces Matuzak, who is unaware of the timeline changes, that they were once close friends. They deduce that McComb must be using Kleindast’s original time travel prototype, and Matuzak helps Walker return to 1994 before being killed by McComb’s guards. McComb concludes that Walker must be erased from history before he ever joined the TEC.In 1994, Walker finds a recovering Fielding at a hospital, and she agrees to testify against McComb. However, before he can secure her, she is murdered. While reviewing hospital records, Walker discovers that Melissa was pregnant when she was killed. Realizing this is the day of her murder, he tracks her down, reveals he is from the future, and convinces her to stop his younger self from leaving for work that night.That evening, McComb's henchmen attack the younger Walker, but both Walkers and Melissa fight them off. The 2004 McComb arrives, takes Melissa hostage, and threatens Walker with a C4 explosive. Accepting that his present self will die in the blast, McComb is confident that without Walker's interference his younger self will become president. However, Walker reveals that he has lured the 1994 McComb to the house. In a brief struggle he pushes the two McCombs together, causing them to merge into a writhing, screaming mass before disintegrating and disappearing from existence. Walker carries Melissa outside to safety before the house explodes, leaving her beside his unconscious younger self.Back in 2004, Walker finds that Matuzak and Fielding are alive and that McComb had mysteriously disappeared without trace in 1994, erasing his future crimes. Returning home, Walker discovers his house rebuilt and is reunited with Melissa and their young son.
798	Bad Company (1995)	Action	In Seattle, former CIA officer Nelson Crowe (Fishburne) is hired by Vic Grimes (Langella) for a position with his company nicknamed "The Toolshed." Grimes' firm employs people with intelligence service backgrounds to sell their talents with regard to extortion and corporate espionage to domestic and foreign corporations. Grimes' second in command, Margaret Wells (Barkin) begins working with Crowe and seduces him, enticing him with a plot to murder Grimes so they can take over the firm.The Toolshed's top client, Curl Industries, is being sued in a class action lawsuit in a case currently on appeal at the Washington State Supreme Court. Curl Industries is accused of poisoning the water supply to a small town, resulting in the birth of disabled children. Grimes gives Crowe $1 million to bribe one of the justices, Justin Beach, into swinging the verdict in favor of Curl Industries.Crowe and Toolshed operative Todd Stapp buy Justice Beach's $25,000 gambling debt from bookmaker Bobby Birdsong and pay for information on Beach's personal life from his friend, Les Goodwin. During a secret progress report meeting, Crowe is revealed to in fact be a mole for the CIA, albeit against his will. Crowe was dismissed from the agency on suspicion of stealing a $50,000 bribe meant for an Iraqi colonel.Crowe's former boss, William "Smitty" Smithfield, is threatening prison time for the disappearance of the bribe as leverage to get Crowe to infiltrate the Toolshed. The CIA intends to acquire the firm and use it as a black operations hub with Smitty in charge. During the meeting, as he turns over the $1 million bribe money for inspection, Crowe secretly records his conversation with Smitty, who also forces him to sign a receipt. Stapp later discovers Crowe's secret objective and extorts a payoff from Smitty to remain silent about it.Beach accepts the $1 million bribe delivered by Crowe. He and his mistress Julie Ames sign a receipt to ensure Beach's cooperation. Beach buys tickets for a flight to the Caribbean and sends Julie ahead with the money, telling her he intends to leave his wife and join her. After reneging on his agreement and voting against Curl Industries, Beach commits suicide.Despite the setback caused by Beach's death and his vote, Wells and Crowe continue with their plan to murder Grimes. Wells spends a romantic weekend with Grimes at his fishing cabin. Crowe sneaks in and shoots Grimes, then beats Wells to make it appear like the murder was a robbery gone wrong.Wells and Crowe then take over the Toolshed, though Wells now rebuffs Crowe's affections towards her, having used him to get what she wanted. Upon hearing of her lover's death, Julie travels to Europe, sending Goodwin postcards telling him how she's enjoying spending the $1 million. Goodwin sells this information to Crowe, who takes it to Wells. Wells orders Crowe to find and kill Julie because of her knowledge of the bribe attempt. Smitty confronts Wells in her office at the Toolshed and informs her of the CIA's plan to take over and also of Crowe's involvement in the agency's infiltration.Julie buys a gun from Goodwin and goes to Crowe's apartment to kill him in revenge for Beach's death. She arrives shortly after Wells, who also came to kill Crowe. In a chaotic shootout, Julie blindly fires at both as Crowe and Wells shoot each other dead.Julie somehow remains unharmed. As she meticulously picks up her shell casings, she finds Crowe's briefcase containing incriminating evidence, including the tape of his conversations with Smitty and the receipt she and Beach signed. After burning the receipt, Julie mails the tape to the U.S. Attorney's office to expose the corrupt dealings of both the CIA and the Toolshed. She then leaves town for good, alone.
799	Boys Life (1995)	Drama	Lifelong friends Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett are devoted Miami Police narcotics detectives investigating $100 million of seized Mafia heroin, their biggest career bust which was stolen from a secure police vault. Internal Affairs suspects that it was an inside job and threatens to shut down the entire department unless they recover the drugs within 72 hours.Mike asks one of his informants and ex-girlfriend Maxine "Max" Logan to look for people who are newly rich and therefore suspects. She gets herself and her best friend Julie Mott hired as escorts by Eddie Dominguez, a crooked former cop.The party is soon interrupted by Dominguez's French drug kingpin boss Fouchet and his henchmen Casper, Ferguson, and Noah. To further cover his tracks because of this slip up, one of Fouchet's henchmen kill Dominguez and Fouchet kills Max, while Julie manages to escape. The madam who hired Julie and Max is disposed of by Noah, who then knocks out Mike as he investigates Max's death.Frantically calling the police, Julie insists on talking only to Mike, who is following up on a lead with the Madam. Knowing she never met Mike, captain Conrad Howard forces Marcus to impersonate him to talk to her. At her apartment, Marcus and Julie are attacked by some of Fouchet's henchmen, one of whom Marcus kills.When they rendezvous with Mike, Marcus and Mike have to impersonate each other, with Mike living at the Burnett residence while Marcus stays with Julie at Mike's. They struggle to keep up the charade in Julie's presence, and she soon begins to suspect the truth.Looking through mugshots, Julie identifies Noah as one of the henchmen. The partners go to Club Hell, one of Noah's known hangouts, and she follows unbeknownst to them. After being spotted, Marcus knocks Casper unconscious during a bathroom fight. Julie tries to kill Fouchet, but Marcus stops her.In the ensuing car chase, Mike kills Noah. The three manage to get away, but are caught on camera by a news helicopter. The ensuing report is later seen by Marcus's family, who were told that he was temporarily reassigned to Cleveland.Mike and Marcus meet their old informant Jojo and learn about the location of the chemist who is cutting the stolen drugs. The three return to Mike's apartment, where Marcus's wife Theresa confronts them and confirms Julie's suspicion they have been impersonating each other. Fouchet and his gang show up and kidnap Julie.Mike and Marcus's department is shut down by Internal Affairs. Despite being reassigned, Howard delays the order, giving Mike and Marcus more time to solve the case. They access Dominguez's private police database profile and learn that the police secretary Francine is his former girlfriend. She was being blackmailed by Fouchet and Dominguez after they took nude photos of her, threatening to post them at her kids' school.Mike, Marcus, and detectives Sanchez and Ruiz, head to the Miami-Opa Locka Executive Airport. During a fierce shootout, they kill Fouchet's remaining henchmen, including Casper and Ferguson, and rescue Julie. They chase a fleeing Fouchet and force his car into a concrete barrier. As he tries to flee, Mike pulls his sidearm on him and commands him to freeze while Marcus tells Mike that Fouchet is not worth killing. Mike instead shoots him in the leg and closes in on him, kicks his gun away, then pauses before attempting to arrest him at gunpoint.After a tense conversation with Marcus while chasing Fouchet, Fouchet surreptitiously draws a gun but is shot to death by Mike after seeing the sunlight reflection off Fouchet's gun flash across Marcus' face before he can kill Marcus, avenging Max's death. An exhausted Marcus leaves Julie with Mike handcuffing them to each other and heads home, eager to be reunited with his family.
800	In the Mouth of Madness (1995)	Horror, Thriller	In New York City, insurance investigator John Trent narrowly survives an attack by an axe-wielding man with deformed pupils. John investigates a claim by book publisher Arcane regarding the disappearance of acclaimed horror author Sutter Cane, whose latest novel, In the Mouth of Madness, is due for release. Arcane's director, Jackson Harglow, assigns Sutter's editor, Linda Styles, to assist John, who believes their claim is an elaborate publicity stunt.John realizes Sutter's book covers form a map to the fictional town of Hobb's End, New Hampshire, the setting of Sutter's stories. John and Linda set out to find the location. While he sleeps during the drive, Linda experiences surreal phenomena, including passing a young cyclist who later appears as an elderly man, and the road disappearing. After abruptly arriving in Hobb's End, the pair encounter landmarks from Sutter's novels, and check in at the local hotel run by Mrs. Pickman, one of his characters. John suspects the experience is staged, but Linda admits that while Sutter's disappearance was a hoax, the current events are not. The pair visit the church, which Sutter's books describe as built on a site of ancient evil predating humanity, filled with unimaginable pain and suffering. Linda seemingly predicts the arrival of enraged townspeople demanding the return of their missing children.At the hotel, Linda claims that events are unfolding as described in Sutter's new novel, which depicts the end of everything. Linda returns to the church and confronts Sutter, who exposes her to his unfinished manuscript, which drives her insane. Sutter confesses that he believed his stories were fictional, but later realized "they" had been guiding him. Disoriented, Linda returns to the hotel, where she and Mrs. Pickman transform into monsters, forcing John to flee. Outside, he is confronted by a mob of mutated townsfolk and seeks refuge in a bar, where one of the residents commits suicide, stating he was written to do so. John attempts to escape Hobb's End, but is repeatedly teleported back to the town's center. After crashing his car in frustration, he awakens inside the church, where he is met by Linda and Sutter.Sutter explains that the sheer number of people who believe in his work has made his narratives real, dissolving the boundaries between reality and fantasy and enabling the return of the "old ones". He claims to have written into existence both Hobb's End and John who is written to deliver the completed manuscript to Arcane. John rejects the idea that he is a fictional creation, but Sutter instructs him to follow a tunnel back to reality. Sutter then tears himself apart, creating a portal through which the old ones begin to emerge. Linda refuses to escape with John, explaining that she has already read the ending. John flees, pursued by monstrous entities, and suddenly finds himself waking up on a country road.John destroys the manuscript and returns to Arcane, where Jackson denies any knowledge of Linda. To his horror, Jackson reveals that John delivered the manuscript months earlier, and In the Mouth of Madness has since been published, with a film adaptation in production. Sometime later, a disheveled John encounters a Sutter fan with mutated eyes and kills him with an axe, leading to John's confinement in a mental asylum.After recounting his story to a doctor, John concludes that humanity will soon be reduced to a myth "they" will tell their children. That night, inhuman screams echo through the asylum before his cell door is torn open. John discovers the facility abandoned and overhears a radio broadcast reporting an epidemic of extreme violence and mutations spreading worldwide, with entire cities lost. Wandering into a cinema, he watches the film adaptation of In the Mouth of Madness. As scenes of his past actions unfold on screen—including his affirmation, "this is reality"—John breaks down laughing hysterically, consumed by the surreal realization.
801	Air Up There, The (1994)	Comedy	Jimmy Dolan is a college basketball assistant coach who wants to find a new star for his team since he believes this will get him a promotion to head coach at the school. He sees a home video of a prospect named Saleh and travels to Kenya to recruit him. Upon arriving in this country, Dolan finds himself confronted not only with the challenges of basketball but also with the challenges of adjusting to and learning how to live in the midst of a brand-new culture. Though Dolan is initially opposed by Saleh's father who is also the leader of the village, he later agrees to let his son play. Dolan and Saleh both teach each other life lessons before they take the court for one final game with everything on the line. One of the most dramatic scenes in the film involves the instruction of Saleh by Dolan regarding the "Jimmy Dolan Shake and Bake."
802	Hard Target (1993)	Action, Adventure, Crime, Thriller	In New Orleans, a homeless United States Force Recon Marine and Vietnam War veteran named Douglas Binder is the target of a hunt. He is given a belt containing $10,000 and told that he must reach the other side of the city to win the money and his life. Pursuing him is the hunt organizer and wealthy sportsman, Emil Fouchon, his lead right-hand mercenary Pik van Cleaf, a businessman named Mr. Lopacki–Fouchon's client who has paid $500,000 for the opportunity to hunt a human, and assassins including Stephan and Peterson. Binder fails to reach his destination and is killed by three crossbow bolts. Van Cleaf retrieves the money belt.While searching for her father, Binder's estranged daughter Natasha is attacked by a group of muggers, punks who saw that she had a lot of cash earlier and attempt to rape her. She is saved by a homeless man with exceptional martial arts skills named Chance Boudreaux, a former Force Recon Marine and a sailor, now currently out-of-work. Boudreaux is initially hesitant to involve himself in her mission, but as his merchant seaman union dues are in arrears, he reluctantly allows Natasha to hire him as her guide and bodyguard during her search. Unfortunately, the search goes slowly as the city's police force is on strike, making the hunters' livelihood easier to conduct.Natasha discovers that her father distributed fliers for a seedy recruiter named Randal Poe who has been secretly supplying Fouchon with homeless men with war experience and no family ties. Natasha questions Randal about her father's death, but they are discovered by an eavesdropping Van Cleaf. Fouchon and Van Cleaf beat Poe and cut his ear as a punishment for sending them a man with a daughter. New Orleans police detective Marie "May" Mitchell is reluctant to investigate Binder's disappearance until his charred body is discovered in the ashes of a derelict building. The death is deemed an accident, but Boudreaux searches the ruins and finds Binder's other matching dog tag,(as they always are given in pairs) which was pierced by one of the crossbow bolts. Van Cleaf's henchmen suddenly ambush Boudreaux and beat him unconscious to scare him and Natasha out of town. When he recovers, he offers Mitchell the dog tag as evidence that Binder was murdered. With the investigation getting closer, Van Cleaf and Fouchon decide to relocate their hunting business and begin eliminating "loose ends". The medical examiner who had been hiding the evidence of the hunt is killed along with Poe. Meanwhile, Boudreaux's friend, Elijah Roper, who is also homeless and former United States Army Special Forces is the next to participate in Fouchon's hunt and also ends up dead. Mitchell, Natasha and Boudreaux arrive moments later at Randal's car and are ambushed by Van Cleaf and several of his men. During the shootout, Mitchell is shot in the chest and dies. Boudreaux kills a handful of the mercenaries and escapes with Natasha. Fouchon and Van Cleaf assemble their mercenary team and five hired hunters to continue the chase.Boudreaux leads Natasha to his uncle Clarence Douvee's house deep in the bayou and enlists his help to defeat the men. Boudreaux, Natasha, and Douvee lead the hunting party to the "Mardi Gras graveyard" (a warehouse of old damaged Mardi Gras floats and statues) and kill off Fouchon's men one by one. Van Cleaf is finally gunned down by Boudreaux in a shootout. In the end, only Fouchon is left, but he holds Boudreaux at bay by taking Natasha hostage and stabbing Douvee in the chest with his arrow. Boudreaux charges him, attacking with a flurry of blows, and then drops a grenade in his pants. Fouchon attempts in vain to dismantle the grenade but gets incinerated in the explosion.It turns out that Douvee is still alive as the arrow Fouchon used only hit Douvee's whiskey flask. Boudreaux, Natasha, and Douvee make their way out of the warehouse.
803	Heaven & Earth (1993)	Action, Drama, War	Le Ly is a girl growing up in a Vietnamese village. Her life changes when communist insurgents show up in the village to defend against the forces of France and then the United States. During the American involvement, Le Ly is captured and tortured by South Vietnamese troops who suspect she is a spy for the North, and later raped by the Viet Cong because they suspect that she is a traitor to the North. After the rape, her relationship with her village is destroyed, and she and her family are forced to move.Her family moves to Saigon and she is employed by a family there. The master of the household misleads her into believing that he genuinely cares for her, and she falls for him and gets pregnant by him. The master's wife becomes enraged and Le Ly's whole family is forced to move back to their former province. There she meets Steve Butler, a Gunnery Sergeant in the United States Marine Corps. When she first meets him she is not interested in a boyfriend or marriage, having been through so much suffering. Steve falls for Le Ly and treats her very well, making a big difference in her life while in Vietnam.The two leave Vietnam and move to San Diego. Their life together begins well, but years of killing in the war have taken their toll on Steve, who becomes uncontrollably violent. The relationship falters, despite Le Ly's attempts to reconcile with Steve. After an impassioned plea by Le Ly for Steve to come back to her, he dies by suicide. Many years following this tragic experience, Le Ly returns to Vietnam with her sons. She briefly reunites with her eldest's father who she introduces his son to, and he tearfully embraces his son. She then takes her sons to her former village to meet her family and shows them where she came from.
804	Jimmy Hollywood (1994)	Comedy	Jimmy Alto is a failing actor living in Los Angeles. After increasing frustration with his career going nowhere and with crime in the city, Jimmy, along with his "spaced-out" best friend William, decides to take the law into his own hands.After losing his job as a waiter, Jimmy transforms himself into "Jericho," leader of a mock-vigilante group that videotapes criminals and then turns them over to the police. Jimmy enjoys the free publicity, anonymously, but eventually the police begin to close in on him, resulting in a tense standoff at the Grauman's Egyptian Theatre.
805	Manhattan Murder Mystery (1993)	Comedy, Mystery	Larry Lipton, an editor at HarperCollins, and his wife Carol have a pleasant encounter in the elevator with older neighbors, Paul and Lillian House. They are invited to an evening with the Houses where the women exchange information on exercise routines. The next day, Lillian dies of a heart attack, shocking the Liptons as she appeared robust and healthy. They become suspicious of Paul's cheerfulness after his wife's death. When Carol brings the widower a dessert, she finds a crematory urn under his kitchen sink that contradicts his story about Lillian's burial. Carol decides to investigate and steals the key to the House apartment from the super, entering when Paul is away and snooping to find two tickets to Paris and hotel reservations with a woman named “Helen Moss.” Carol dials the code for the last number dialed, and the phone is answered by someone saying “Waldron”. Paul returns while Carol is snooping, narrowly missing her hiding under the bed, but she manages to sneak out undetected. Paul later finds her reading glasses under the bed, but Carol pretends she lost them on the first visit, supposing the glasses were kicked under the bed. Appalled at his wife’s breaking and entering, Larry wants her to stop. Obsessed, Carol engages the cooperation of their more adventurous close friend, Ted, who becomes as obsessed as Carol with the mystery.Carol and Ted track down Helen Moss, an actress, whom they surveil. A few days later, Carol spots a woman who looks identical to Lillian on a passing bus. Larry suggests she has a twin, but Ted finds out Lillian has none. Ted and Carol follow the bus route to the end, discovering a shabby Hotel Waldron. Returning later, Carol and Larry find Lillian dead in the bedroom. The responding police find no trace of the body. Carol surmises that Paul was hiding in the closet when they found the body and then moved the body. Later, Carol and Larry find Lillian's body in the emergency exit panel of the elevator. They see Paul putting the body in a car and witness him disposing of the body by dropping it into an industrial melting furnace.Marcia Fox, an author that Larry publishes, is drawn into the amateur investigation when Larry sets her up on a date with Ted. Marcia theorizes that the dead body was Lillian's wealthy sister, who resembled her and had a heart attack while visiting the Houses. The Houses took advantage of the situation by claiming Lillian had died so Lillian could impersonate her sister, hiding at the Waldron Hotel, while cleaning out her sister’s bank accounts and liquidating her assets. After getting the funds, Paul double-crossed Lillian and killed her so he could run away with the younger Helen. Marcia devises a plan to trick Paul into incriminating himself by using Helen, someone he trusts, to claim she saw Lillian’s unincinerated body.Ted, a playwright theater owner, sets up a false audition for actress Helen Moss, having her read aloud a phony script with innocuous text written by Ted that will not tip off Helen while they secretly record her. Splicing together words from the recorded script, they create a phone call from Helen to Paul warning that she has been shown Lillian’s unincinerated body by blackmailers who want $200,000 to give up the body. Using five recorders with different combinations of phrases, they respond reasonably well to Paul’s anticipated questions to “Helen”, cutting the conversation short by saying, “I have to hang up.”The plan backfires when Paul kidnaps Carol and demands Lillian's body in exchange for her. At the run-down second-run movie theater Paul owns, where Carol is being held, Larry dodges Paul’s bullets in a film noir chase parody echoing the in-process showing of Orson Welles's The Lady from Shanghai during a similar shootout-in-a-room-full-of-mirrors sequence in the film. Mrs. Dalton, Paul's erstwhile loyal assistant and jealous spurned aging former lover, shoots Paul with a bitter reference to being used and discarded. Larry rescues Carol, and they call the police. Marcia's theory is proven correct; and Larry and Carol and Ted and Marcia pair off and enjoy separate celebratory dinners.
806	Menace II Society (1993)	Action, Crime, Drama	Kaydee "Caine" Lawson and his best friend Kevin "O-Dog" Anderson enter a liquor store to buy some malt liquor, but a Korean cashier and his wife suspiciously pressure them to purchase their drinks. As they depart, the cashier inadvertently insults O-Dog by remarking, "I feel sorry for your mother." Enraged, O-Dog murders him and his wife. He subsequently purloins the surveillance tape, loots both the cashier's wallet and the cash register, and escapes with Caine.In a flashback, Caine recalls that when he was 10, he lost his parents Tat and Karen to an unsuccessful drug deal and a heroin overdose, respectively. James "Pernell" Richards, Tat's business partner and Caine's "uncle", is jailed and serving life in prison. This led to Caine's maternal grandparents raising him in the crime-ridden Jordan Downs housing projects, where he met O-Dog and the two eventually joined a street gang.Years later, Caine graduates from high school. To celebrate, he and his cousin Harold attend a party, where O-Dog flaunts the surveillance tape to a group of their closest friends, greatly upsetting Caine. Later, while the duo are departing from the party, carjackers ambush them, killing Harold and wounding Caine. After learning the carjackers' whereabouts, Caine, O-Dog and their friend A-Wax ambush and gun them down, avenging Harold.Sometime later, Caine visits Ronnie, Pernell's younger girlfriend, and bonds with her young son Anthony. One night, Chauncey (a friend of Caine and O-Dog), orders them to steal an expensive car from a parking garage, but they are caught and arrested. O-Dog is released, but Caine is detained as his fingerprints match those on a dropped beer bottle during the liquor store murders. During an interrogation, a detective attempts to disorient Caine by repeatedly changing the questions, but Caine is eventually released. Caine's other friends, Stacy and Sharif, invite him to accompany them to Kansas, but he declines, fearing that he will never survive outside of his familiar criminal life. His religious grandfather and Mr. Butler (Sharif's father and a schoolteacher) both advise him to change his ways, lest he be jailed or killed. Caine begins purchasing and cooking large amounts of crack cocaine, quickly becoming a dealer and hardened member of the gang. He romances a local girl named Ilena and has sexual intercourse with her. One night, cops stop and assault him and Sharif before deliberately dumping them in a Hispanic neighborhood, expecting them to be further assaulted by Hispanic gang members. Surprisingly, the gang members sympathetically take them to a hospital instead. During his hospitalization, Ronnie invites Caine to accompany her to her new secretarial job in Atlanta. Initially hesitant, he ultimately agrees. At a party, Caine witnesses an inebriated Chauncey making sexual advances towards Ronnie. Angered, Caine pistol whips Chauncey, but is soon restrained by Stacy and Sharif. Chauncey retaliatorily sends his copy of the surveillance tape to the police. Ilena calls Caine about her pregnancy, but he denies paternity and rejects her.Ronnie and Caine visit Pernell in prison. Pernell encourages an emotional Caine to be a more positive influence for Anthony and relocate to Atlanta. Afterwards, Caine returns home, but Ilena's criminal cousin approaches him outside his house. An argument about Ilena and her pregnancy ensues, causing Caine to brutally stomp on Ilena's cousin in front of his onlooking neighbors. Caine's grandfather promptly comes outside, stops Caine and brings him inside. Finally having had enough of Caine's violent, trouble-prone ways, Caine's grandparents eject him from their house, despite his pleas to stay until he leaves for Atlanta. Learning from their friend Doc of Chauncey's betrayal, a now-wanted Caine and O-Dog seek refuge at Ronnie's and other friends' houses. O-Dog vows revenge on Chauncey while Ilena's cousin gathers his friends to seek revenge on Caine.As Caine and Ronnie prepare to depart for Atlanta, Ilena's cousin and his friends approach Ronnie's house and engage in a drive-by shootout, instantly killing Sharif and fatally wounding Caine as he shields Anthony. Afterwards, Stacy and Ronnie emerge from the house, tending to Caine and Anthony, respectively. As Caine's life flashes before him, he recalls his grandfather asking him whether he cares about being alive, and he realizes in his dying moment that he does. But now it was too late.
807	Poetic Justice (1993)	Drama	Justice is a young African American woman living in South Central, Los Angeles, named by her deceased mother who became pregnant with her while attending law school. After her boyfriend Markell is fatally shot while they are on an outing at a drive-in movie, Justice becomes deeply depressed, spending most of her time with her cat named Whiteboy in the house that she inherited from her grandmother, and only venturing outdoors to commute to her job at a local beauty salon. A talented poet, she reads many of her poems (in real life written by Maya Angelou) throughout the film, both to other characters and in voice-over.While she is working at the salon one day, a postal clerk named Lucky arrives and attempts to charm her. She and her female boss Jessie rebuff his advances, taunting him with their lesbian-esque "relationship". He has also suffered from tragic events, as he had to forcibly remove his young daughter Keisha, the main focus in his life, from the presence of her mother (nicknamed "Angel"), his former girlfriend who was using drugs (having developed an addiction to crack coaine) and having sexual intercourse with her drug dealer while leaving Keisha unattended in the apartment. He dreams of a professional career in music and shows considerable promise, but insists that his cousin Kalil is the true talent.Justice's friend Iesha coaxes her into an excursion to Oakland with her own boyfriend Chicago, Lucky's co-worker. Justice warily acquiesces, mainly because she is obliged to attend a hair show in the area and her automobile had broken down at the last minute. Unbeknownst to her, Lucky has provided a postal van for the group to travel in, and she is displeased at the reality of having to share it with him and their two mutual friends. They soften their initial animosity towards each other as they gradually discover their similarities.The quartet makes several detours off the I-5 expressway during their trek; at a family reunion barbecue, they pose incognito as cousins. Iesha and Chicago's troubled relationship becomes apparent although there were ample hints earlier, as Iesha openly flirts with another man at the barbecue, and Chicago broods watching her behavior. The couple argues in the mail truck until Justice reveals Iesha's issues with alcohol. Iesha vomits and tearfully apologizes to her, promising to obtain treatment.At the next stop, an African marketplace and cultural fair, Lucky and Justice bond over a heartfelt discussion of their respective lives. Next, they stop at a beach, contemplating their separate situations in internal monologues. Afterward, the friction between Chicago and Iesha explodes when Iesha informs him that she has been seeing someone on the side, and he physically attacks her. Lucky initially decides to abstain until Justice defends Iesha by kicking Chicago in the groin, who retaliatorily attacks her. Lucky incapacitates Chicago, and he, Justice and a bleeding and shaken Iesha abandon him.Further up the coast at a scenic lookout, Lucky sympathizes with Justice as she discloses her past, including her mother's passing two years earlier. Upon the trio's arrival in Oakland, he reveals to her the existence of his daughter, but before she can respond, he notices ambulances outside his aunt Audrey's residence, and is stunned when they are informed that Kalil, with whom he had been working on recording music, has been shot and killed. Blaming himself for not arriving in town sooner as he could have prevented the shooting, he drops off the ladies at a nearby motel and berates Justice for distracting him during their journey. Jessie visits the ladies at the motel before the hair show and advises them about men. Lucky's uncle and aunt give him Kalil's recording equipment, inspiring him to quit his job and focus on both his recording career and Keisha.Months later, Lucky, having gained full custody of his daughter, re-encounters Justice at the beauty salon, introducing her to Keisha. Remorseful over his cruel conduct towards Justice in Oakland, he apologizes. She smiles at him coyly and they passionately kiss before she turns to focus on Keisha's hair. Justice's and Lucky's eyes meet over Keisha's head and they smile at each other, as strongly connected as ever.
808	Program, The (1993)	Action, Drama	ESU Timberwolves coach Sam Winters must win this season or be fired. Sophomore quarterback Joe Kane spends Christmas with his alcoholic family while junior Alvin Mack gives his mother a door knocker for the house he will buy when he turns pro. Running back Darnell Jefferson is recruited to ESU. Autumn, an ESU student, gives him a tour; they bond and kiss.Kane introduces Jefferson to Mack, backup quarterback Bobby Collins and senior Steve Lattimer who has gained 35 pounds of muscle since last season. Fumbling at practice, Jefferson must carry a football with him at all times. Jefferson discovers Autumn is dating starting tailback Ray Griffen when he goes to her for tutoring. Mack tells Jefferson he will stay eligible if he's talented; he only needs to know how to sign an NFL contract. Jefferson is neither surprised nor worried when he fails the test; he convinces Autumn to tutor him. Sports Illustrated declares Kane a Heisman Trophy candidate; the pressure and stress cause him to drink. Meeting tennis player Camille after riding on his motorcycle, they start dating.Mack is shown to be barely literate, but has a strong ability to understand complex football strategy during film study. Meanwhile, the offensive coordinator fears Lattimer is on steroids, but Winters trusts him. When Lattimer is named starting defensive end, he shatters car windows with his head, screaming, "STARTING DEFENSE!! PLACE AT THE TABLE!!" Witnessed by the coordinators, they do not tell Winters, but warn Lattimer the NCAA will be drug-testing at the start of the season.The Timberwolves open the season with victories, though Griffen isn't effective as tailback and Jefferson is doing well. Uncomfortable with monetary donations from wealthy alumni as he improves, Mack tells him to take it. Jefferson and Autumn begin a relationship, but she is ashamed to tell her father, another former ESU football player. She goes back with Griffen, who plans to attend medical school.When ESU loses a close game to Michigan, with another Heisman candidate, Kane is put in doubt. When Winters sees Lattimer is juicing, he wants to suspend him for the season, but his defensive coordinator warns him it could jeopardize his draft status. Lattimer is suspended for three games after confessing to Winters, but they keep the doping secret. When Mack criticizes him, Lattimer says, "You do what you have to do to play."After the Michigan game, Kane gets drunk and is charged with a DWI. Coach Winters negotiates a plea with the DA: all charges dropped if Kane completes a 28-day program (missing four games and ending his Heisman candidacy). They must win three more games in the next five weeks to win the conference championship. Collins and the team go 2-1 in the first three games. Lattimer passes his drug test after the three weeks, returning for the penultimate game of the season against Iowa.The game is close, but Mack has a career-ending knee injury and Lattimer is run over at the goal line. Kane finishes his 28 days, reaching out to Camille, whom he didn't speak to in rehab, and also to his father. He buys him a plane ticket to the final game against Georgia Tech. Meanwhile, Lattimer resumes steroids, having an associate replace his tainted urine with clean to pass his next drug test.In the final game, Jefferson is the starting tailback and Griffen is fullback. Winter realizes Lattimer has continued taking steroids without failing a drug test. Kane rallies the team to victory in the fourth quarter, securing a major bowl game and saving Winters's job. They both realize Kane will likely make another run at the Heisman as a senior. Lattimer sits on the bench crying instead of celebrating, realizing he won't be able to play professionally without steroids.After the game, Autumn presents Jefferson to her father as her boyfriend, Kane reunites with Camille, and the coaches go recruit for next year.
809	Rising Sun (1993)	Action, Drama, Mystery	During a commencement gala at the newly opened Los Angeles headquarters of Nakamoto, a Japanese keiretsu, call girl Cheryl Lynn Austin was strangled while having rough sex on the boardroom table. LAPD Lieutenant Webster "Web" Smith and John Connor, a former police captain and expert on Japanese affairs, are sent to act as liaison between the Japanese executives and the investigating officer, Smith's former partner Tom Graham. During the initial investigation, Connor and Smith review surveillance camera footage, and realize that one of the discs is missing.Smith and Connor suspect Eddie Sakamura, Cheryl's boyfriend and agent of a Nakamoto rival, of killing her, and interrogate him at a house party. Sakamura promises to bring Connor something, and Connor reluctantly lets him go after confiscating his passport. Ishihara, a Nakamoto employee whom Connor had previously interrogated, delivers the missing disc, which clearly shows Sakamura having sex with Cheryl and strangling her. Graham and Smith lead a SWAT raid on Sakamura's house. He tries to flee in a Vector W8 sports car, but crashes and is killed.Smith learns that Sakamura had attempted to contact him about the missing disc, so he and Connor take the disc to an expert, Jingo Asakuma, who reveals that the disc has been digitally altered to implicate Sakamura.Nakamoto is in the midst of sensitive negotiations for the acquisition of an American semiconductor company, with Senator John Morton, a guest at the party, abruptly changing his stance on a bill that would prevent the merger from going through. Suspecting his sudden shift is somehow related to the murder, Connor and Smith attempt to interview him at his campaign office, but without success. Upon returning to Smith's apartment, the duo find Sakamura alive and well. He reveals that he was being tailed that day by Tanaka, a Nakamoto security agent attempting to locate the original disc. Not wanting to be seen with Sakamura, Tanaka stole his sports car and committed suicide by crashing it. Sakamura gives Connor the original disc, but before he can leave, Lt. Graham arrives with Ishihara. Sakamura is killed fighting off Ishihara's men, and Smith is shot and left for dead, surviving only thanks to a bulletproof vest.After being interrogated, Smith is put on paid leave due to an ongoing investigation of an earlier corruption charge. Regrouping with Connor and Jingo, the three view the original surveillance footage, which shows Senator Morton having sex with Cheryl and performing erotic asphyxiation on her. Falsely believing he killed her, Morton changes his position on the regulation bill to stay in Nakamoto's good graces. After leaving the boardroom, the footage shows another figure approaching and killing Cheryl by strangulation.Hoping to draw the killer out, Connor and Smith fax Morton stills of the footage showing his involvement in the murder. Morton contacts Ishihara, revealing the executive to be in on the cover-up, and then Morton commits suicide. Connor, Smith, and Jingo interrupt the merger negotiations to show Nakamoto President Yoshida the surveillance footage. Bob Richmond, an American lawyer working for Nakamoto, reveals that he is the real killer and tries to run away, only to be killed by Eddie Sakamura's yakuza friends.Yoshida maintains his and his colleagues' innocence, quietly exiling Ishihara to a desk job back in Japan. Smith drives Jingo home, where she casts doubt on whether Richmond was really the murderer, or if he was simply taking the fall to protect someone higher up in the company.
810	Shadow, The (1994)	Action	Following the First World War, Lamont Cranston sets himself up as a drug kingpin and warlord in Tibet. The Tulku, a holy man who exhibits psychic abilities, abducts Cranston and offers him a chance to become a force for good. Cranston initially refuses and is attacked by the Tulku's Phurba, a mystical flying dagger. Ultimately, Cranston becomes the Tulku's student and develops psychic abilities of his own, including how to hypnotize others and bend their perceptions so that he becomes invisible, save for his shadow.Cranston returns to New York City seven years later and resumes his former life as a wealthy playboy, while secretly operating as The Shadow—a vigilante who terrorizes the city's underworld. He recruits some of those he saves from criminals to act as his agents, providing him with information and specialist knowledge. His identity is largely unknown, especially to his Uncle Wainwright, who happens to be the Police Commissioner of New York, whom he has to regularly hypnotize in order to keep the police from interfering with him. Cranston's secret identity is endangered upon meeting Margo Lane, a socialite who is also telepathic.Shiwan Khan, a powerful rogue protégé of the Tulku, arrives in New York inside Genghis Khan's sarcophagus. As Khan's last descendant, Shiwan plans to fulfill his ancestor's ambitions of world domination. He proposes an alliance to Cranston, who refuses. After acquiring a rare coin from Khan, Cranston learns that it is made of bronzium, a metal that could be used for nuclear fission, and that Margo's father Reinhardt—a scientist working on energy research for the War Department—has become uncharacteristically reclusive and aloof. Cranston deduces that Khan has compelled Reinhardt to create an atomic bomb.Khan hypnotizes Margo and commands her to kill The Shadow. Cranston breaks Khan's hypnotic hold on her, but she learns his secret identity. Reinhardt's assistant Farley Claymore allies with Khan to produce a working bomb, which Khan uses to hold New York to ransom. The Shadow eventually discovers Khan's location: the luxurious Hotel Monolith, a building that Khan has rendered forgotten and invisible to the city's inhabitants. Entering the hotel for a showdown with Khan, The Shadow is subdued by the Phurba before he turns it against Khan, disrupting Khan's hypnotic control over Reinhardt and the city. While Margo and Reinhardt disarm the bomb, The Shadow pursues Khan through the hotel and defeats him by telekinetically hurling a broken shard of glass into his frontal lobe.Khan awakens in the padded cell of a mental hospital. One of the doctors tells Khan that they were able to save his life by removing a part of his brain, nullifying Khan's psychic abilities, before walking away and revealing a ring the Shadow gives to his agents. Cranston and Margo begin a relationship and join forces to fight the criminal underworld.
811	Thirty-Two Short Films About Glenn Gould (1993)	Documentary	With memories revolving around the family's cottage near Lake Simcoe, Glenn Gould recalls how in his childhood, he had ostensibly made the decision to become a concert pianist at age five. In fact, he believes his mother had already chosen that career for him. He recalls being able to read music before he could read books, and learned the music of Johann Sebastian Bach from his mother. Gould later imagines interviewing himself, in which he confronts himself about why he chose to quit giving concerts at the age of 32, preferring to communicate to his audience through media instead. Gould reminds himself that the musician is inescapably an autocrat, no matter how benign.In crafting radio documentaries, Gould works on a piece called The Idea of North, which touches on the effects the environment has on the solitude and isolation of the people of Northern Canada. In a media interview, Gould reveals that The Idea of North is one of only five of his documentaries about isolation, and that he intends to make a comedy next because he is tired of serious expression. Interviewers also push him to explain how he could achieve his level of musical perfection without interest in being overly technical in his piano playing. They ask why he insists on being interviewed only over the telephone. Others question if Gould's supposed obsession in technology is merely a smokescreen to keep his distance from real people.As the markets plummet, Gould picks up word from the bodyguard of the visiting Sheik Yamani to invest in an obscure company called Sotex Resources, which is set to benefit from an exploration contract. Gould becomes the only client to profit in the wake of financial meltdown. However, Margaret Pacsu, a friend, notices Gould's bathroom is stocked heavily with various pills, including Valium, Trifluoperazine and Librax. Gould laughs off the idea that he is taking all of the pills simultaneously, and Pacsu does not notice any effects on his personality. As his birthday approaches, Gould becomes concerned that no one will attend his funeral, despite being aware of strong record sales in Central Europe and Japan. Gould dies at age 50 of a stroke. His cousin, Jessie Greig, says Gould was wrong and his funeral was heavily attended. He had noted that Voyager I and Voyager II, space probes launched for possible contact with extraterrestrial intelligence, contain Bach's music as played by Gould.
812	Andre (1994)	Adventure, Children's	Peter Andre (born Peter James Andrea; 27 February 1973) is a British-Australian singer, songwriter, and media personality. Born in England to Cypriot parents and raised in Australia, Andre achieved success in the mid-1990s as a singer, topping the UK Singles Chart with "Flava" and "I Feel You" in 1996. After featuring in the third series of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! in 2004, he found renewed popularity and his 1995 hit "Mysterious Girl" reached No. 1 upon reissue. He has continued his career in music and television, notably competing in the thirteenth series of Strictly Come Dancing (2015) and starring in the Katie & Peter TV franchise (2004–2009) with his then-wife Katie Price, whom he met when both took part in I'm a Celebrity.
813	Celluloid Closet, The (1995)	Documentary	The Celluloid Closet: Homosexuality in the Movies is a non-fiction book by film historian and LGBT activist Vito Russo, first published in 1981 by Harper & Row. The book examines the history of depictions of homosexuality in film, particularly in Hollywood films, from queer coded to overt portrayals. A revised edition of the book was published in 1987, with 80 additional pages. The book was released after two books of the same subject Parker Tyler's 1972 book Screening the Sexes and Richard Dyer's 1977 Gays and Film, even though Russo complained at the time of the release that no gay writer had produced any meaningful criticism of homosexuality in the movies. The Celluloid Closet book was prefigured by a live lecture/film clip presentation of the same name, which Russo first presented in 1972 and would go on to deliver at colleges, universities, and small cinemas. After Russo's death in 1990, The Celluloid Closet book was adapted into a 1995 documentary film of the same name directed by Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman.
814	Great Day in Harlem, A (1994)	Documentary	A Great Day in Harlem or Harlem 1958 is a black-and-white photograph of 57 jazz musicians in Harlem, New York, taken by freelance photographer Art Kane for Esquire magazine on August 12, 1958. The idea for the photo came from Esquire's art director, Robert Benton, rather than Kane. However, after being given the commission, it seems that Kane was responsible for choosing the location for the shoot. The subjects are shown at 17 East 126th Street, between Fifth and Madison Avenue, where police had temporarily blocked off traffic. Published as the centerfold of the January 1959 ("Golden Age of Jazz") issue of Esquire, the image was captured with a Hasselblad camera, and earned Kane his first Art Directors Club of New York gold medal for photography. It has been called "the most iconic photograph in jazz history," and is a credited artistic inspiration that led to Gordon Parks' 1998 XXL-commissioned "A Great Day in Hip Hop" homage to Harlem, forty years later, and Patrick Nichols' subsequent 2024 AGO-commissioned Canadian spinoff, "A Great Day in Toronto Hip Hop." The scene portrayed through Kane’s photograph is something of an anachronism, as by 1957 Harlem was no longer the "hotbed" of jazz it had been in the 1940s, and had "forfeited its place in sun" to 52nd Street in Midtown Manhattan. Many musicians who were formerly resident in the area had already moved to middle-class parts of New York, or did so shortly thereafter. Kane himself was not that certain who would turn up on the day, as Esquire staff had merely issued a general invitation through the local musicians' union, recording studios, music writers, and nightclub owners. In 2018, a book was published to mark the 60th anniversary of the event, with forewords by Quincy Jones and Benny Golson, and an introduction by Kane's son, Jonathan. Following the death of Benny Golson in September 2024, Sonny Rollins is the last living adult musician featured in the photograph. Interviewed for a December 2024 article in The New York Times, Rollins gave his view of the photograph's significance at that time, when racism and segregation was pervasive: "It just seemed like we weren't appreciated ... mainly because jazz was a Black art. I think that picture humanized a lot of the myth of what people thought jazz was."
815	One Fine Day (1996)	Drama, Romance	Melanie Parker is an architect whose day gets off to a bad start when she is late to drop off her son Sammy at school, due to the forgetfulness of fellow divorced father Jack Taylor, a New York Daily News reporter whose daughter, Maggie, is thrust into his care that morning by his former wife who leaves to go on her honeymoon with her new husband. The children arrive just a moment too late to go on a school field trip, a Circle Line boat cruise. Their parents realize that, on top of hectically busy schedules, they must work together that day to supervise the children. In the confusion of sharing a taxi, they accidentally switch cell phones, causing each of them, all morning, to receive calls intended for the other one, which they then have to relay to the other person.Melanie must make an architectural design presentation to an important client. Jack has to find a source for a scoop on the New York mayor's mob connections. Sammy causes havoc at Melanie's office with his toy cars, causing her to trip and break her scale model display. In frustration, she takes him to a day care center (which is having a "Superhero Day"), where she coincidentally comes across Jack trying to convince Maggie to stay and behave herself. They create impromptu costumes for the children, using his imagination and her resourcefulness. She takes her model to a shop to get it quickly repaired. Having left for a meeting, she panics when she receives a phone call from Sammy about another child having a psychedelic drug. She phones Jack in desperation and asks him to pick up the children. He agrees, on the condition that she take over their care at 3:15 while he chases down a potential news source.While in Melanie's care, Maggie goes missing from a store and wanders some distance down a crowded midtown sidewalk. Melanie breaks down in despair at the police station, files a missing child report, and then goes to a mayoral press conference to find Jack. He is notified by the police that Maggie has been found, and makes it to the press conference just barely in time to confront the mayor with his scoop about corruption. He had earlier tracked down its source, just as she was leaving a beauty salon in a limousine. Although they have been antagonistic, Melanie and Jack work together to take the children, by taxi, to a soccer game. She insists that she will have time first to do her presentation to the new clients, despite him protesting that it will make them late for the game. She begins her pitch over drinks at the 21 Club lounge, but upon seeing Sammy in high spirits, she realizes that she cares more about him than her job. Insisting that she must leave immediately to be with him, she fully expects to be fired, but the clients are impressed.At the game, Melanie meets with her former husband, Eddie, a musician; he informs her that he will not be able to take Sammy fishing in the summer as he will be touring as a drummer with Bruce Springsteen instead. That evening, Jack wants a reason to visit Melanie's apartment, so he takes Maggie to buy goldfish to replace the ones that were eaten earlier in the day by a cat. At Melanie's apartment, the children watch The Wizard of Oz while she and Jack share a first kiss. She goes to the bathroom to freshen up; when she returns, an exhausted Jack is asleep on the sofa. She joins him and they fall asleep together, with the children happily observing.
816	Candyman: Farewell to the Flesh (1995)	Horror	Three years after the Candyman murders in Chicago, Professor Phillip Purcell writes a book about the Candyman legend and hosts a lecture event in New Orleans discussing his life. He reveals Candyman's real name to be Daniel Robitaille and that he was born to enslaved Africans after the American Civil War. When Purcell is light-heartedly challenged by a member of the audience, he jokingly summons the Candyman in the mirror-like reflection of his book.After the event, Purcell runs into Ethan Tarrant, one of the attendees. Ethan's father, Coleman, was murdered while investigating the deaths of three men in a manner similar to the Candyman legend. Ethan angrily says that Purcell caused his father's death by telling him the Candyman doesn't exist, and that the Candyman then killed him. At first polite, Purcell becomes annoyed at Ethan's behaviour. He goes to a nearby bar, but is pursued and attacked by Ethan, who is thrown out by the barman. Purcell goes to the restroom to clean blood from his face and is killed by the Candyman. The case is handled by Detective Ray Levesque and his partner, Pam Carver. They consider Ethan a suspect given his confrontation with Purcell.Ethan's mother, Octavia, and his younger sister Annie, an art teacher, come to the station to defend him. Ethan is pressured by Levesque, who believes him to be guilty. In the meantime, Matthew Ellis, one of Annie's students, claims to have seen the Candyman. Annie tries to discredit the legend by invoking his name. Her husband, Paul, becomes one of his victims. The Candyman stalks Annie so he may kill her, and reveals that she is pregnant with Paul's daughter.At home one morning, Annie gets a visit from a couple of her students about Matthew disappearing. Annie meets with his father, Reverend Ellis, and learns Matthew had dreams of the Candyman and sketched out the events of his death. After talking with Ethan to uncover more on their father's murder, Annie visits Honore Thibideaux, Coleman's friend, unaware that Levesque is following her as a suspect. Honore tells Annie about Daniel Robitaille and his affair with a white woman named Caroline that led to his death and earning him the name "Candyman". Caroline's father taunted the dying Daniel with Caroline's mirror, capturing a part of his soul. Caroline hid the mirror in Daniel's birthplace and granted him the ability to kill when called upon. Annie's father believed that if the mirror is destroyed, it will end the curse.The Candyman appears and kills Honore. Levesque finds Honore's body and believes Annie killed him. Annie returns to Matthew's house and his father shows her documents of Daniel's birth and realizes he was born in the same house she was. The reverend leads Annie to a cemetery where she sees his grave with Caroline buried next to him and indicating that they had a daughter named Isabel. Going through old family pictures, Annie discovers she is a descendant of theirs and that Caroline bought Daniel's house where Annie and Ethan later grew up as children, and where Ethan discovered Coleman died as a result of him summoning the Candyman to defeat him.At the police station, Levesque tries to get Ethan to admit that Annie did the killings and he is covering for her. Levesque is killed by the Candyman after summoning him to mock Ethan, who is shot dead when he tries to escape. Annie confronts Octavia about the Candyman, and Octavia admits that Coleman tried to link their family to the Candyman, and continues to deny him to protect her family's name; incensed by her disbelief, the Candyman kills her, and Annie flees. With the police on her trail, Annie runs into Carver, who tells her she has seen how Levesque died on camera footage. She lets Annie escape.Annie goes to Daniel's birthplace and finds Matthew in an old shed. She falls through the stairs into the flooded basement, where she finds Caroline's mirror and the Candyman. Before he can sacrifice her, Annie destroys the mirror, annihilating him. The slave quarters crashes into the river, but Matthew saves Annie. Annie returns Matthew home where they both are blessed by Reverend Ellis at his church.Five years later, Annie teaches her young daughter Caroline about her family history, naming her after Daniel's lover. After Annie kisses her goodnight and leaves the room, Caroline starts to chant the Candyman's name. Annie stops her and tells her to go to bed.
817	Frisk (1995)	Drama	Frisk is a 1995 American drama film directed by Todd Verow, based on the 1991 novel of the same name by author Dennis Cooper. It is a first-person narrative about a serial killer. Dennis (Michael Gunther) describes a series of ritual murders in letters to his sometime lover and best friend Julian (Jaie Laplante) and Julian's younger brother Kevin (Raoul O'Connell), an object of desire to Dennis. Verow once explained in an interview "we really need to concentrate on what makes us unique, what makes us interesting and what makes us dangerous". It is banned in the UK due to its content. It was rejected by the BBFC in 1998, and although still banned in UK, it has been shown without a certificate at London's ICA cinema. It was the closing night attraction at the 1996 San Francisco International Lesbian and Gay Film Festival. When screened in Manhattan, several cinema viewers left during the violent scenes. Bob Mould mooted scoring the film in 1993. Dennis Cooper's work, he said, "deals with a lot of fetishes and fantasies and free-floating imagery, which I like a lot. I've read the book. It's pretty harsh. It's pretty gay."
818	Girl 6 (1996)	Comedy	Judy, a young and timid African-American aspiring actress living in New York City, attends an audition with Quentin Tarantino for what he describes as "the greatest romantic, African-American film ever made". Judy grows apprehensive when asked to expose her breasts, as the role requires nudity. She reluctantly complies, but then uneasily storms out of the audition.Afterwards, Judy's agent Murray, having worked hard to arrange an audition with such a prestigious director, furiously drops her from his roster of clients. Her melodramatic acting coach also criticizes her apathy towards her acting art and the entertainment industry overall, insisting that Judy should have simply followed Tarantino's directions. This, coupled with Judy's financial issues preventing her from paying her coach for her services, results in Judy being dropped from her roster of clients as well.Now unable to secure regular acting roles, Judy attempts numerous jobs. While returning home on the subway one night from one of her jobs as a waitress at a nightclub, she encounters a classified advertisement in the newspaper for a "friendly phone line" and another with the headline "mo' money, mo' money, mo' money", circling both. At a call center specializing in customer service and phone sex, she interviews and connects with the assertively friendly manager Lil. A striptease artist who operates a phone sex company, one among several businesses that Judy interviews with, invites her to work unrestricted from her own residence. However, as she currently cannot afford her own private telephone line, which is required for the job, she decides to reserve this opportunity for future reference.Ultimately, Lil hires Judy as a phone sex operator at the call center. During orientation, Lil explains that although most women on the team are African-American, they should always assume the appearance of being Caucasian, unless the caller specifically requests otherwise. Assigned the moniker "Girl 6", Judy immediately settles into her new job. Her sports memorabilia-obsessed cousin and best friend Jimmy, who lives in the same apartment complex as her, worries that her new job might distract her from her acting career, but she assures him that phone sex is essentially considered a form of acting. While running errands, she occasionally encounters her kleptomaniac ex-husband, explaining her current occupation.Having gradually become more confident and uninhibited, Judy bonds with "Bob Regular", an Arizona native who requests her specifically, for whom she adopts the alias "Lovely". Unlike other clients whom she engages with at her workplace, he converses with her in a friendly, intellectual manner, mostly about his ailing mother who is suffering from cancer. When he reveals one day he is in town for business, they arrange to meet in-person at Coney Island for lunch. As she anxiously awaits his arrival, a man passes her by; assuming he is Bob, she attempts to attract his attention, but he simply ignores her.Shortly after despondently returning to work, Judy receives a disturbing call from a verbally abusive man. Lil, monitoring her call, disconnects him and reminds her to exercise more caution with the men that call in. Nevertheless, the man repeatedly reconnects to Judy's line, further harassing her. Noticing Judy's exhaustion, Lil temporarily dismisses her so she can gradually restore her mental health. However, Judy, now able to afford a private line, decides to continue her phone sex career at home, ignoring Jimmy's and her ex-husband's attempts to contact her.One night, Judy engages in a conversation with a sadistic caller who fantasizes about strangling her, soon identifying him as the same abusive man who previously harassed her. As he reveals her current address, she breaks down and lashes out at him, massively pleasing him. Terrified, she runs upstairs to Jimmy's apartment for protection, telling him she has decided to abandon her phone sex career and move to Los Angeles to resume her acting career. Before departing, she reconciles with her ex-husband.In Los Angeles, Judy attends an audition with Ron Silver who, in a similar manner to Tarantino back in New York City, asks her to expose her breasts. This time, however, she assertively departs from the audition. Having reclaimed her dignity, she confidently strolls down the Hollywood Walk of Fame, crossing the street towards Grauman's Chinese Theatre.
819	Eddie (1996)	Comedy	Edward Rubin Griffin (born July 15, 1968) is an American stand-up comedian and actor. He is best known for portraying Eddie Sherman in the sitcom Malcolm & Eddie, the title character in the 2002 comedy film Undercover Brother, and Tiberius Jefferson "T.J." Hicks in Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo (1999) and Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo (2005). He also portrayed Lester Matthews in John Q. (2002), Orpheus in Scary Movie 3 (2003), Pope Sweet Jesus in Norbit (2007), and voiced Richard Pryor on Black Dynamite (2012–2015). Griffin was ranked at number 62 on Comedy Central's list of the 100 Greatest Stand-Ups of All Time.
820	Space Jam (1996)	Adventure, Animation, Children's, Comedy, Fantasy	In 1973, a young Michael Jordan tells his father, James, about his dreams of playing in the NBA. Twenty years later, following James’ death, Jordan retires from basketball to pursue a career in baseball.In outer space, amusement park Moron Mountain is in decline. Its proprietor, Mr. Swackhammer, learns of the Looney Tunes from the Nerdlucks, his quintet of alien minions, and orders them to abduct the Tunes to serve as attractions. The Nerdlucks enter the Tunes' universe hidden in the center of the Earth and hold them hostage before Bugs Bunny convinces them to allow the Tunes to defend themselves. The Tunes take advantage of the Nerdlucks' small stature and challenge them to a basketball game. After seeing a documentary about basketball, the Nerdlucks infiltrate various NBA games, stealing the talents of Charles Barkley, Shawn Bradley, Patrick Ewing, Larry Johnson, and Muggsy Bogues. They use these talents to transform into hulking and adept versions of themselves known as the "Monstars".Deciding they need help, the Looney Tunes pull Jordan into their universe as he golfs with Bill Murray, Larry Bird, and Jordan's assistant, Stan Podolak, where Bugs explains their situation to Jordan. However, Jordan is initially reluctant to help, but later agrees after a confrontation with the Monstars, and forms the "Tune Squad” with the Tunes; they are joined by Lola Bunny, with whom Bugs is enamored. To prepare himself, Jordan sends Bugs and Daffy Duck to his house to obtain his basketball gear. Jordan's children aid them and agree to keep the game a secret, while Stan, searching for Jordan, notices Bugs and Daffy, follows them to their world, and joins the team. Meanwhile, the incapacity of the five players results in a nationwide panic that culminates in the season's suspension. The players unsuccessfully try to restore their skills through various methods.The game between the Tune Squad and the Monstars commences, with Swackhammer arriving to observe. The Monstars dominate the first half, lowering the Tune Squad's morale. During halftime, Stan surreptitiously learns how the Monstars obtained their talent and informs the Tune Squad. Disguising a bottle of water as "secret stuff", Bugs and Jordan motivate the Tune Squad, who improve in the second half using their cartoon antics. During a time-out, Jordan raises the stakes with Swackhammer: if the Tune Squad wins, the Monstars must relinquish their stolen talent, and if the Monstars win, Jordan will spend the rest of his life being Moron Mountain's newest attraction. On Swackhammer's command, the Monstars play more aggressively, injuring most of the Tune Squad.With only ten seconds left in the game, the Tune Squad is down by one point and one player, with only Jordan, Bugs, Lola, and Daffy still able to play. Murray unexpectedly arrives and joins the team. In the final seconds, Jordan gains the ball with Murray's assistance but is pulled back by the Monstars. On Bugs' advice, Jordan uses cartoon physics to extend his arm and achieve a slam dunk, winning the game with a buzzer beater. After Swackhammer scolds the Monstars for their failure, Jordan helps them realize that they only served him because they were once smaller. Having had enough of their boss's behavior towards them, the Monstars insert Swackhammer inside a missile that sends him to the moon. After relinquishing their stolen talent, the Nerdlucks decide to join the Tunes, while Jordan and Stan return to Earth and return the talent to the five players, whose remarks convince Jordan to return to the NBA.
821	Mrs. Winterbourne (1996)	Comedy, Romance	On her 18th birthday, Connie Doyle meets lowlife Steve DeCunzo. She moves in with him and winds up pregnant. He kicks her out when she won't abort the baby, denying responsibility. Months later, a destitute Connie gets inadvertently swept aboard a train at Grand Central Terminal. With no ticket and no money, Connie is rescued by Hugh Winterbourne, who takes her to his private compartment. She meets his wife, Patricia, who is also pregnant. Patricia and Connie bond, and Patricia shows Connie her wedding band, which has the couple's names engraved on the inside. Patricia encourages Connie to try the ring on. When the train suddenly crashes, Patricia is thrown outside, leaving Connie the only one in the private compartment.Eight days later, Connie wakes up in the hospital to discover she has given birth to a baby boy. Connie was found in the Winterbourne's sleeper car wearing the wedding band, and has been mistaken for Patricia.  She also learns "the other pregnant woman on the train" (Patricia, mistaken for Connie) and Hugh both died in the crash. She tries to explain, but is prevented from doing so by the hospital staff, who believe her to be hysterical. Hugh's mother, Grace, who has a bad heart, had never met Patricia before, and so assumes Connie is Patricia.  Grace calls asking Connie to come to the Winterbourne estate. With nowhere else to go, Connie accepts the offer and is driven there by Paco, the loyal chauffeur. There, Connie meets Bill, Hugh's identical twin brother. When the shock of seeing the twin of the man she is claiming as her deceased husband wears off, she nervously begins her new life. She names her newborn son Hughie, after his supposed father. Her new life is very different, and she finds it difficult to adjust. She is helped by Grace, who accepts anything she does, and gives her a socialite make-over.Meanwhile, since the police think that Patricia was Connie, they tell Steve that Connie and his unborn baby have died. Steve doesn't really seem to care, which disturbs his new girlfriend.Bill questions Connie closely, suspicious of inconsistencies in her story. Annoyed by this, Grace forces Connie on Bill one day, and Bill and Connie walk around Boston, and begin to bond. During the day, Connie accidentally signs her real name, which Bill notices. He investigates, learning her real identity. Bill prepares to expose Connie when he learns that Grace plans to change her will to include Connie and baby Hughie. However, he changes his mind when Connie becomes upset and begs Grace not to include her and Hughie in the will, proving to him that Connie is not after the family's money. Connie's protests make Grace want to include them even more and the will is signed. Bill and Connie are then called to help a drunk Paco, heart-broken from a recent failed romance, to his bed. He demands that Bill and Connie dance a tango before he will fall asleep. They do so, and end up sharing several kisses. Grace meets a love-struck Bill as he is leaving, and, hearing him confess concern over what Hugh would think if Bill has feelings for Hugh's (possible) widow, assures him that his brother would want him to be happy.Connie receives an anonymous letter asking "Who are you? And whose baby is that?" She has been feeling guilty for taking advantage of Grace's (and now Bill's) kindness, but worries that any revelation of the truth would endanger Grace's life. Connie decides to leave with Hughie, and is found packing by Bill. Bill tries to convince her to stay, proposing to her. He tells her to think about it overnight. Connie decides to run away anyway. Paco follows her to the train station, tells her about his own shady past, and makes her realize she and the baby are just as valuable to Grace as Grace is to them. Connie returns home to find Grace has had a heart attack because of her sudden disappearance. She and Grace talk about Bill's proposal, and Grace tells Connie to never take the baby away again. Connie decides to accept the situation, and agrees to marry Bill as Patricia Winterbourne.Steve saw a publicity shot of Connie as Patricia, and sent her that letter. He blackmails her to meet with him the next day, or else he will go to Grace, possibly giving her another heart attack. Grace, seeing Connie's distress from afar, sends Paco after Steve as he leaves, to discover his identity. At Steve's motel, Connie writes him a check to leave her and the baby alone, but Steve only wants it to force her into a worse scheme - pretending to kidnap Hughie, ransoming him back. If Connie goes to the police, Steve will use the check as proof that Connie approached him with the idea. Connie, terrified that Grace will die if she is frightened about Hughie being kidnapped, returns to the estate, and steals a pistol from a display case, then returns to the motel to frighten Steve into returning the incriminating check. She does not at first realize that Steve is already dead, and the pistol accidentally goes off when she finds out. Bill rushes in on the echo of the gunshot, and both Bill and Connie deny causing Steve's death. Connie talks Bill out of calling the police, and searches briefly for her own check. Failing to find it, she and Bill flee the scene, not knowing that Paco sees their fight from outside the motel. It is then that Connie begins to tell Bill about the lie she has been living, but Bill reveals that he already knows Connie's true identity, and that he loves her anyway.The next day, which happens to be their wedding day, the priest tells Bill and Connie that Grace is outside the church, confessing to Steve's murder to the police lieutenant who came asking for Patricia Winterbourne. They rush to Grace's side, and each confesses to the murder themselves, trying to shield the others. Paco arrives in time to add his confession to the mix.The police officers tell them they already have the murderer in custody. They only came to the church to question Connie about her check to Steve. The murderer was the woman Steve started seeing after dumping Connie. Like Connie, she had gotten pregnant and Steve had abandoned her.Connie confesses the truth about Hughie's parentage to Grace, who says she'll still accept Connie and Hughie, adding that she'd like more grandchildren.  The wedding goes ahead, and Bill presents Connie with a wedding ring that has 'Bill & Connie' engraved on the inside (the ring she wore in the hospital having had 'Hugh & Patricia' in it). Thus Connie, who had been pretending to be Mrs. Winterbourne, finally becomes a real Mrs. Winterbourne.
822	Faces (1968)	Drama	Richard Forst is the middle-aged chairman of the board of a finance corporation. After a meeting about potentially funding a film project, he and his coworker and friend Freddie go to a bar, where they meet some women and go home with Jeannie Rapp, a prostitute. The trio laugh and dance, until Freddie, sensing that Jeannie likes Richard more than him, breaks the mood by asking Jeannie how much she charges. An uncomfortable interaction follows, and Freddie leaves. Richard leaves shortly thereafter, but not before sharing a kiss with Jeannie.At home, Richard and his wife, Maria, have a conversation about gender politics over dinner that is alternately cold and marked by hysterical laughter. They briefly touch on their relationship before tensely retiring to separate parts of the house, but, after a bit, Richard finds Maria and tells her that he wants a divorce. Her initial laughter fades when he says he is serious, and he calls Jeannie to arrange to meet her and leaves.After Jeannie fails to meet Richard at a nightclub, he goes to her house, where he finds her and a friend entertaining two businessmen from out of town. As Jeannie had diplomatically been trying to leave to meet Richard, Jim McCarthy, the more senior of the out of town businessmen, invites Richard in, and the jealousy in the air leads to posturing between him and Richard—they even get physical before returning to verbal digs and exchanging old jokes. Eventually, the businessmen leave with Jeannie's friend, who calls another woman for Jim, and Richard and Jeannie spend the night together. He tells her not to get serious, and she tells him that she is starting to have feelings for him.Meanwhile, Maria and three of her married friends go to the Whisky a Go Go, where they sit and watch the dancers. A young man named Chet comes over and tries to get Maria to dance with him, but she refuses, and her friend Florence gets up instead. The quartet go back to Maria's house, where Chet puts on some music and begins to dance, until Maria turns off the stereo and tries to have a polite conversation. They talk about social norms and the differences between the worldviews of their husbands and Chet's younger generation, and Chet goes along, though he has a hard time keeping a straight face. Florence asks him to get up and dance, and he makes up songs about Florence and Billie Mae to fill the silence. Just as Louise, Freddie's very prim wife, is starting to loosen up, Chet says he feels they are being foolish, offending Louise, who goes home. Billie Mae also leaves, and Florence asks Chet to drive her home. Alone, Maria closes up the house, but Chet returns, and he and Maria make love.In the morning, Jeannie returns to her bedroom after doing some tidying up to see Richard getting dressed. Feeling that he is slipping away from her, she lightheartedly tries to remind him of how close they were the night before. He asks her to stop being silly and be herself, she says she does not know how else to be, and they part, reciting "Peter Piper" and laughing.Chet awakens to find Maria unconscious in the bathroom, having attempted suicide by taking an overdose of sleeping pills. Deciding against calling for an ambulance, he puts her in the shower, gives her coffee, walks her around, makes her vomit, and repeatedly slaps her. She gradually revives, and they have a genuine conversation and hold each other. Richard arrives, surprising them, and he catches Chet jumping out the bedroom window. Hypocritically, he becomes furious with Maria for cheating on him, but, worn out after her suicide attempt, she is not intimidated and responds by saying that she hates her life and does not love him. Silent now, Richard gets cigarettes, and he and Maria sit on their staircase like strangers, get up and pass each other without acknowledgement, and go to different floors.
823	Mulholland Falls (1996)	Crime, Film-Noir, Thriller	In the early 1950s, a four-man squad of LAPD detectives, frustrated with the rules and weaknesses of the legal system stopping them from more aggressively battling crime, commit an extrajudicial execution when they toss Jack Flynn, a powerful gangster from Chicago, off a cliff on Mulholland Drive, nicknamed "Mulholland Falls" for all the criminals they have thrown to their deaths.The squad leader, Lieutenant Maxwell Hoover, and his partners Ellery Coolidge, Eddie Hall, and Arthur Relyea are brought in to investigate the suspicious death of a young woman whose body was found at a construction site. An examination reveals that every bone in her body is broken and the coroner comments that she looks as though she "jumped off a cliff" even though there are no cliffs nearby. The woman turns out to be someone Hoover knew very well: a prostitute named Allison Pond. The detectives receive a film of Allison having sex in a motel room, taken by a camera hidden behind a two-way mirror. Allison's friend, Jimmy Fields, admits that he made numerous such films, including one with Hoover in it. Fields is subsequently murdered while being guarded by Hall and Relyea.Radioactive glass is found in Allison's foot, which leads the detectives to the Nevada Test Site, where they are quickly caught by base security. Their superior, Col. Fitzgerald, threatens to have the squad arrested and prosecuted for trespassing on a secret government facility, but the team is able to escape their predicament when the man in the film is identified as the civilian commander of the base, retired Gen. Thomas Timms. Timms, the head of the Atomic Energy Commission, confirms that he slept with Pond, but has an alibi for the day of her death. An FBI agent visits the LAPD and personally asks the chief to stop the investigation; when his request is denied, Hoover's house is ransacked by federal agents with a search warrant, who fail to recover the film. Hoover brutally assaults the FBI agent, after which another film is delivered to his wife Kate, showing her husband and Allison having sex in the motel.The blackmailer turns out to be Fitzgerald, who demands the film of Timms with Allison be brought to him. Hoover realizes that Fields' film footage of Allison also includes images of "atomic soldiers", American servicemen who were unwillingly used by Fitzgerald as guinea pigs for A-bomb tests before being transferred to a secure military hospital ward on his orders; the colonel intends to let them die so he can avoid being held accountable. Hoover and Coolidge fly to the base, and secretly deliver the film to Timms, who is terminally ill with cancer himself, so he can expose Fitzgerald's wrongdoing.For their return trip to Los Angeles, Hoover and Coolidge board a C-47 cargo plane, where they are joined by Fitzgerald and his aide, the Captain. During the flight, Hoover deduces how Pond was murdered and tells Coolidge that Fitzgerald is going to kill them the same way - by throwing them out of the plane in mid-flight. In a vicious struggle, the detectives fight for their lives. Coolidge charges the Captain as gunshots go off. The detectives are finally able to throw the Captain and Fitzgerald out of the plane, both falling to their deaths. The pilot is also accidentally shot, but manages a crash landing before he dies. Coolidge celebrates the landing until realizing that he, too, has been shot, also dying at the scene.Hoover cannot reconcile with his wife at Coolidge's funeral because she feels betrayed and heartbroken, and afterwards, she leaves him for good. With the news that his unit has been disbanded in order to protect the LAPD's image, Hoover is left with nothing.
824	Great White Hype, The (1996)	Comedy	James "The Grim Reaper" Roper (Damon Wayans), the undefeated heavyweight boxing champ of the world, defeats his latest challenger with ease and visits an after-party thrown by Rev. Fred Sultan (Samuel L. Jackson), a conniving and manipulative businessman who also acts as Roper's fight promoter. After telling the attendees that the fight was a financial flop, Sultan concludes that boxing events have become far less profitable because audience members are tired of watching only black boxers fight each other. Sultan predicts that a white contender, even one without a viable chance of winning, would create a huge payday like the Larry Holmes vs. Gerry Cooney fight; next, he vows to either find or "create" a white contender for Roper to face in the ring.After failing to find a white boxer currently in the sport suitable by any means, Sultan discovers that Roper actually lost to a white boxer, Terry Conklin (Peter Berg), back in his amateur days. Sultan and his unethical crew find Conklin in Cleveland, where he fronts a heavy metal band, advocates peace and Buddhism, and constantly preaches progressive social issues. Conklin is uninterested in returning to boxing to face Roper, though he is eventually coaxed to do so through ego-stroking by Sultan and a promise of $10 million to help his quest in eradicating homelessness.Conklin arrives in Las Vegas and starts to train for his return to the ring. Thanks to shady dealing, Conklin suddenly is named the No. 8 challenger in the world. Boxing pundits and officials easily see the scam unfolding and label the fight a disgrace. However, the prospect of a white vs. black fight continues to hold the prospect of a large payoff. Conklin gets in shape quickly, regaining some of his old form, while Roper dismisses the fight as a joke - to the point where he puts on 25 pounds and is barely able to run after an ice cream truck.Meanwhile, crusading television journalist Mitchell Kane (Jeff Goldblum) has finally gathered enough evidence to disgrace the unethical Sultan, but at the last moment, Kane is seduced by power and joins Sultan's squad. As Sultan's ego grows, Kane sees an opportunity to usurp his position. Though Conklin was never believed to stand a chance in the fight, Kane recognizes that he may actually win, and has Conklin sign with him rather than Sultan. Throughout all this, the true top contender to the heavyweight title, Marvin Shabazz (Michael Jace), and his trainer Hassan El Ruk'n (Jamie Foxx) are repeatedly denied the rightful chance to a fight, and they proceed to cause a headache for everyone involved in the hype scam.Sultan and his crew use the media to promote the fight and publicize the white vs. black angle, even fabricating an Irish ancestor for Conklin. The racial angle works, and money starts to pour in. On the fight day, Millions tune into Pay-Per-View on the day of the fight, and Kane is confident about a new era beginning with a Conklin upset. The fight begins, and Conklin and Roper trade several punches and insults with each other, appearing to be evenly matched. Conklin then hits Roper with a strong punch, hurting him and sending him into the ropes. Roper, feeling the effects of his lack of conditioning, knows he must end the fight immediately. He attacks Conklin with a barrage of punches that knocks him to the canvas, ending the fight. Conklin quits boxing again, Kane's plan falls short, Sultan reaps a huge profit, and Roper's critics are silenced. Shabazz, refusing to wait any longer, attacks Roper inside the ring and gets into a fistfight with him, while Sultan screams to not give away something they can sell. Shabazz knocks Roper out, and Sultan steps over Roper's unconscious body and announces that the two boxers will face each other next.The film ends with Sultan, his crew, Roper and hundreds of attendees and paparazzi celebrating their financial success.
825	Arrival, The (1996)	Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller	Zane Zaminsky and Calvin, radio astronomers employed by SETI, detect and record an extraterrestrial radio signal from Wolf 336, a star located 14 light-years away from Earth. Zane reports his discovery to his supervisor, Phil "Gordi" Gordian, at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), but Gordi dismisses the findings and later destroys the tape. Zane is terminated due to alleged budget cuts and blacklisted, which prevents him from working at other telescopes. While having troubles with his girlfriend Char, Zane takes up a job as a television satellite dish installer and secretly creates his own telescope array with the aid of his customers' dishes in the neighborhood. He operates it covertly from his attic with the assistance of his young next-door neighbor, Kiki.After again locating the extraterrestrial radio signal, Zane realizes that it is being drowned out by a terrestrial signal originating from a Mexican radio station. He attempts to seek the help of Calvin but finds that he has died, supposedly due to carbon monoxide poisoning (though he was actually murdered). Zane travels to Mexico and discovers that the radio station has just been destroyed by fire. Exploring the area, he stumbles upon a recently constructed power plant where he meets Ilana Green, a climatologist from NCAR, whose atmospheric analysis equipment is confiscated by the plant's aggressive security forces. Before they are released from the plant, Zane notices that one of the guards resembles Gordi. Ilana explains that the Earth's temperature has rapidly increased by a few degrees, leading to the melting of polar ice and a shift in the ecosystem. She is investigating the power plant, which seems to be one of several recently built facilities across the world that may be responsible for the rise in temperature. As Zane and Ilana regroup, Gordi dispatches agents disguised as gardeners to release a device in Zane's attic that makes his equipment vanish. Zane leaves Ilana at the hotel and goes to investigate the power plant, but scorpions planted in her room kill her.Sneaking into the power plant, Zane discovers it is a facade for an extraterrestrial base. The aliens blend in with humanity by wearing an external skin, and the base emits massive amounts of greenhouse gases. Zane escapes and returns to the nearby town to seek help from the local inspector. However, the aliens bring Ilana's body to the police station, making Zane a suspect in her death, prompting him to flee back to the United States. Zane confronts Gordi at the JPL headquarters and coerces him into confessing that the aliens are raising Earth's temperature to eliminate the human race and create a more livable environment for themselves (like terraforming). Gordi suggests aliens were behind recent NASA failures, saying "Ask yourself why an antenna won't deploy on a deep-space probe. Or ask how they could launch a $6 billion telescope  without testing its mirror." Zane secretly records the conversation and reveals the recording to Gordi, who dispatches agents to apprehend Zane.Returning home, Zane discovers that his attic has been emptied of all equipment. He enlists the help of Char and Kiki to journey to a radio astronomy array with the intention of sending his recording to a news satellite. Gordi and his agents sabotage the telescope controls, so Zane entrusts the tape to Kiki and instructs him to transmit it when given the signal. Zane and Char run to the telescope's base, lock themselves in the control room, and make the necessary adjustments. When Zane orders Kiki to activate the tape, Kiki reveals himself to be an alien agent and unlocks the door. Gordi enters and seizes the tape.Zane subdues Gordi and his agents with liquid nitrogen. While retrieving the tape from Gordi's jacket, one of the agents accidentally releases a sphere that begins to engulf the room. Zane and Char flee upward through the radio telescope station's access shaft before the device causes the base to implode and the antenna to collapse onto it. From their vantage point stop the antenna, they spot Kiki below and tell him to inform the other aliens that Zane will soon broadcast the tape.
826	Phantom, The (1996)	Adventure	In the early 16th century, a young boy helplessly witnesses his father killed by Kabai Sengh, the vicious pirate leader of the Sengh Brotherhood, who attacked their ship. The boy jumps overboard and is washed ashore on Bengalla, an Asian island where local tribesmen find him and take him to their village. There he is given the Skull Ring, swears to devote his life to resisting vice and enforcing virtue, and as an adult, adopts the identity of "The Phantom", a masked avenger. The role of the Phantom is passed on from father to son through 400 years, leading people to believe in a single, immortal figure.In 1938, Kit Walker, the 21st Phantom, finds Quill leading a group of grave robbers in the jungle. They are searching a burial place for one of the Skulls of Touganda, which grants its owner a tremendously destructive power. Kit saves the native boy they kidnapped to be their guide and captures Quill's men, leaving them for the Jungle Patrol to pick up. Revealed to be a Sengh Brotherhood member and the man who killed Kit's father – whose ghost frequently appears to give Kit advice – Quill flees with the Skull and returns to the United States.In New York City, Kit's college girlfriend, Diana Palmer, is a frequent traveler whose uncle, Dave, is the famous owner of the World Tribune newspaper. The paper has been investigating power-hungry businessman Xander Drax, a shady character with a reputation for dealing with criminals. Palmer has uncovered Drax's connection to a mysterious spider web symbol, which he traces back to the Bengalla Jungle. He sends Diana to investigate but makes the mistake of telling New York's treacherous police commissioner Farley, who is allied with Drax, of Diana's trip. Drax's female air pirates led by femme fatale, Sala, hijack the plane; Diana is abducted and taken to their waterfront base in Bengalla. Having been informed of Diana's abduction by the Jungle Patrol's captain, Phillip Horton, Kit rescues her and escapes from Quill and his men to his headquarters, the Skull Cave.In New York, Kit meets with David Palmer at the World Tribune and once again meets with Diana, who has mixed feelings about him since his sudden disappearance several years before. Diana's would-be suitor Jimmy Wells mentions he had seen one of the skulls in the Museum of World History, so Kit and Diana hurry there. Drax and his men capture them, steal the second Skull and unite it with the first, revealing the location of the third Skull on an uncharted island in the Andaman Sea, known as the Devil's Vortex. Kit escapes and, as the Phantom, evades the police outside the museum. Meanwhile, after Sala reveals that Diana is Kit's girlfriend, she flies Drax, Quill, and Diana to the Devil's Vortex, not knowing that Kit has hitched a ride on one of the plane's landing pontoons.On the island, Drax meets with the pirate Kabai Sengh, direct descendant of the Brotherhood's original leader, who possesses the third Skull. Sengh warns Drax of the Fourth Skull's existence, which controls the power of the other three. Kit appears and battles both men, with Kabai Sengh killed by sharks, and Diana and Sala cooperate to defeat the other villains. Drax unites the three Skulls and turns their power against Kit; Quill is accidentally hit and disintegrated in the process. Kit uses the Fourth Skull – his own magic ring – to turn the Skulls' power back against them, destroying them and Drax in a powerful explosion. As the energy causes a volcanic eruption, Kit narrowly escapes with Diana and Sala.Returning to Bengalla, Diana reveals to Kit that she has figured out his secret and double identity. Kit removes his mask, telling her that he can only disclose all of his secrets to one person, the woman he intends to marry, but she leaves again for New York. Kit's father laments his son's failure to pursue Diana but states that she will return to the Phantom's jungle, and Kit, one day.
827	Daylight (1996)	Action, Adventure, Thriller	In upstate New York, barrels of volatile toxic waste are loaded onto trucks to be illegally disposed of at a site in New Jersey. The trucks enter a tunnel beneath the Hudson River along with other commuters, including struggling playwright Maddy Thompson, a bus of juvenile offenders, a vacationing family, an elderly couple with a dog, and athlete Roy Nord. Meanwhile, a gang steals a briefcase and gems and flees by car into the tunnel, pursued by the New York Police Department (NYPD). The gang loses control of their vehicle and crashes into one of the waste trucks, causing an explosive blast that seals the tunnel off from the outside, fills it with toxic gas, and kills dozens of commuters.Caught on the outside of the tunnel collapse, former New York City Emergency Medical Services Chief Kit Latura, now working as a taxi driver, rushes to help whomever he can. Encountering his former EMS colleagues, Kit suggests intentionally collapsing the roof to protect the trapped survivors from the fumes, but is dismissed by their commander, Wilson, who is killed when the unstable tunnel collapses further. Kit enters the sealed tunnel through the ventilation system, risking his life as the fans can only be slowed down for a short time.Survivors band around Nord, who believes that he can exit through the mid-river passage, a service corridor running between the north and south tubes. Kit arrives and warns Nord that the passage could soon come down, but Nord dismisses the possibility. Kit escapes as the passage collapses, killing Nord and causing another explosion which kills a juvenile offender.Water begins seeping in from the river above, and Kit uses an explosive to stop the leak. Police officer George Tyrell returns from investigating the Manhattan end and is crushed under a truck as the road shifts. The group frees him before he can drown, but he is left with a broken neck. The water level continues to rise, and the angry survivors confront Kit. He claims that he can slow it down but not stop it, as the clean-up effort on the Manhattan side of the tunnel is causing water to enter their side. There are sleeping quarters beside the tunnels (leftover from the tunnel's construction), and Kit asks George how to access them. Kit finds one by swimming under a security booth and leads the group to this area, but George has to be left behind. He gives Kit a bracelet intended for his girlfriend Grace.Elderly survivor Eleanor is distressed that her late son's dog Cooper is missing. She refuses to go on, then passes away, presumably from hypothermia. The group moves to another room as the first one floods, convincing Eleanor's husband Roger to come with them. As they reach the top of an old wooden staircase, Kit notices Cooper swimming in the water below and dives down to rescue him, passing him up to a survivor, but a beam falls and destroys the lower half, sending Kit into the water. Maddy tries to help Kit up, but she falls as well, as more of the staircase is knocked down. Kit orders the rest of the group to leave. The majority of the group escape through a manhole into daylight while the corridor caves in behind them, leaving Kit and Maddy behind in the rising water.Kit and Maddy swim around looking for an exit, with the main highway tunnel now almost completely submerged. Kit realizes that he will have to use his explosives to cause a "blow out" and rip the tunnel roof open. A mass of mud crushes Kit, and Maddy tries to pull him out. The blast forces Maddy towards the surface, but Kit gets stuck in the mud. Maddy finds a barely conscious Kit and keeps him afloat as a boat discovers them offshore. Lying on a stretcher, Kit sees Grace in the crowd and hands her George's bracelet. Maddy insists on riding with him in the ambulance; Kit agrees, but suggests “We better take the bridge”.
828	Alaska (1996)	Adventure, Children's	A pilot named Jake Barnes is flying a plane over the Alaskan wilderness delivering toilet paper on behalf of an air company called Quincy Air Service. Meanwhile, a polar bear cub and its mother are shown playing in the snow, not knowing that they are being watched by a pair of poachers named Colin Perry and Mr. Koontz. The mother bear is murdered by Perry while the cub is captured and put into a cage, as Perry intends to sell him alive to a client in Hong Kong for a fortune, despite Koontz insisting that they kill the cub.Jake's daughter Jessie and her friend Chip are observing wildlife in their kayaks before heading home. As Jake finally lands, he meets up with his son Sean, who got caught for spilling oil on the deck. As it turns out, Sean is taking out his frustrations over the family's moving to Alaska following his mother's death, despite Jake's insistence that they need to move on. Jake is then assigned to make an emergency run at Douglas, but his plane's engines stall, causing him to lose control and crash somewhere close to Devils Thumb. Frustrated by the lack of search effort by the police, Sean and Jessie go out to find their father on their own.As they kayak through the chilly waters of the Gulf of Alaska, they pull up to shore where they found a camp belonging to Perry and Koontz. Discovering the cub locked inside a cage and his mother's skin, the kids set the cub free before they all escape. Upon returning to the camp, Perry and Koontz learn that the cub has escaped, and Perry decides to recapture him despite Koontz's objections. Eventually, Perry meets up with the kids at a campsite and confronts them for setting the bear free before leaving.The next day, Jessie and Sean continue in their search to find their missing father. Leaving the kayak, they begin searching on foot while the polar bear cub follows them. Perry and Koontz are also on the kids' trail, deducing that the cub is following them. Just as Charlie is arriving on his helicopter to find the kids, Perry and Koontz hide away the kids' kayak while giving Charlie a piece of the oar in hopes of sending him on a wild goose chase.After going through a mountain drop, the kids take refuge inside a old rusty cabin before taking a canoe to continue their search down a river. However, they lose their canoe in a waterfall, though they end up being rescued by Chip and his grandfather Ben, who are out on a caribou hunt. Chip's father wants to send Jessie and Sean home, but Ben and Chip wish to help the two on their journey. Sean and Jessie then proceed on their quest with the polar bear cub, whom Sean nicknamed Cubby, by their side. In the meantime, Charlie finds the poachers' camp and reports it to the police before heading back to Devils Thumb, realizing that Perry and Koontz lied to him.Eventually, Cubby is able to lead the kids close to Devils Thumb, but Perry and Koontz ambush the kids with their helicopter before tranquilizing Cubby with a dart. Loading the cub into the helicopter, Perry and Koontz fly away, but as Koontz didn't load the dart with enough tranquilizer fluids, Cubby wakes up and gets into a scuffle with Perry. As Koontz is forced to lower the helicopter, Cubby bites Perry's right knee, causing Perry to accidentally shoot Koontz with a tranquilizer dart and disable the helicopter's controls. As Cubby escapes away back to Devils Thumb, Sean and Jessie continue on in their search for their missing father. They stumble upon some wreckage from his plane crash and finally locate him after he fires a flare into the air.Jessie lowers Sean down the side of the mountain to reach Jake. Just as it looks like Jessie is going to lose control of the rope, Cubby comes to the rescue by helping Jessie pull the rope to reel both Jake and Sean back to safety. As the Barnes family is reunited, Charlie shows up to complete the rescue after Sean fires another flare to alert him of their location. In the meantime, Perry and Koontz are forced to trek on foot after their helicopter is disabled, upset that they have lost Cubby and that they will possibly be tracked down by the authorities. Charlie and the Barnes family then return Cubby back to the wilderness, where he meets up with a new polar bear family after bidding goodbye to the kids.
829	Fled (1996)	Action, Adventure	An interrogator prepares a man to take the stand against mob boss Frank Matajano on an Air Force base.  A driver delivers takeout, which is taken to the interrogation room.  Once opened, it explodes, killing the witness.  In court, a judge places court on recess until the attorney general can bring sufficient evidence against Matajano.  The attorney general angrily demands a U.S. marshal, Pat Schiller (Robert John Burke), get evidence in 72 hours to replace the killed witness.On a chain gang, an inmate harasses Luke Dodge (Stephen Baldwin), who fights back.  When Charles Piper (Laurence Fishburne) intervenes, the guards chain him and Dodge together, and then Dodge and Piper begin fighting.  The guards discuss a plan in hushed tones and change their magazines, but before they do anything, the inmate who attacked Dodge snatches a gun and starts a shootout.  During the confusion, he, Dodge and Piper escape.  The cop who arrested Dodge, Matthew 'Gib' Gibson (Will Patton) picks up a magazine at the crime scene.  A fellow cop informs him that the attorney general asked him to place Dodge on that chain gang against protocol.  Suspicious, he runs off into the woods and finds the third convict, who is shot and killed by Marshal Schiller.  Dodge and Piper argue about their plan; Dodge reveals he needs to escape to collect $5 million he stole.  Piper demands half in exchange for his help.Gibson begins to grow suspicious of the marshal's motives and circumstances when he finds out the company from which Dodge stole the money by hacking did not press charges; the company is owned by Matajano.  Matajano commissions the hitman from the food delivery to recover a computer disc from, then kill, Dodge.  Gibson reveals the magazine he found at the escape scene had blanks—the guards were never intended to kill anyone, and it was supposed to be a setup.Piper and Dodge are cornered by a hunter whom Piper attacks, causing him to have a heart attack.  They take his car and drop his body at a hospital, then demand a woman named Cora (Salma Hayek) drive them to a hideout.  At her house, they change clothes and part ways—Piper gives Dodge his harmonica for good luck.  Dodge goes to a strip club to meet up with his girlfriend; after arranging to meet his hacking partner, Puffy, at a massage parlor to hand off the disc, Matajano's thugs enter their hotel room and kill her and begin to torture Dodge.  Piper arrives and kills several of the hitmen, escaping with Dodge.  He reveals that he's an undercover cop that Marshal Schiller hired to break Dodge out of prison so that he could recover the disc in exchange for exonerating him from an undercover drug bust that went bad in New York.  The disc has evidence the attorney general needs against Matajano.At the massage parlor, Dodge meets up with Puffy, who is immediately shot by Matajano's men.  Gibson, who hired a private investigator to get him information on Dodge, also arrives and participates in the gunfight.  Piper and Dodge escape on special Ducati motorcycles left by Puffy; Gibson is reprimanded for not leaving the case to the attorney general.  Not knowing the location of the disc, Piper and Dodge get desperate.  Dodge notices a clue on his bike that lead them to the Georgia Dome and the disc, with Cora's help.  The marshal (revealed to be working for Matajano to get the disc before the attorney general), Gibson, Dodge and Piper all end up in a gunfight.  Piper and Dodge again escape with Cora's help, telling the attorney general they will hand off the disc at the top of Stone Mountain.Dodge and Piper lead Matajano's men on a chase up the mountain which results in Piper killing them; he meets up with Dodge and they ride a skycar up the mountain.  The marshal, presumed dead in the gunfight, stops the car and demands the disc.  Piper eventually throws him from the car and they hand the disc off to the attorney general, who exonerates them both and gets Piper his job back in New York.
830	Power 98 (1995)	Action, Mystery, Thriller	Power FM 98.1 (call sign: 2VLY) is a local radio station in the Hunter Valley of New South Wales, Australia. It is based in Muswellbrook, and serves listeners in Muswellbrook, Singleton, Scone, Aberdeen, Merriwa, Murrurundi and surrounding areas. It is owned and operated by ARN, and is licensed to subsidiary Radio Hunter Valley, along with sister stations 2NM and 94.5 Hot Country. Along with 2NM, it operates from studios at 100 Bridge Street, Muswellbrook. Power FM commenced operations on 7 June 1995, as Radio Hunter Valley's supplementary licence, following a series of test simulcasts of 2NM. The station transmits on 98.1 MHz on the FM band, from a transmitter site atop Mount Arthur, near the town of Muswellbrook. The station is licensed to operate at 20 kilowatts, but is reportedly restricted to 10 kilowatts to prevent its signal from spilling into the nearby Newcastle and Tamworth markets. The station also operates a translator on 102.7 MHz in Merriwa, broadcasting from the Bandera Downs transmission site with a power output of 50 watts. This frequency was launched in 2004 with the support of the federal government's radio blackspots program. Currently, the station airs an adult contemporary format, featuring music from the 1980s through to today's top 40 hits, aimed at an audience aged under 35. In 2009, it began streaming its programs online, along with 2NM. In November 2021, Power FM, along with other stations owned by Grant Broadcasters, were acquired by the ARN. This deal will allow Grant's stations, including Power FM, to access ARN's iHeartRadio platform in regional areas. The deal was finalized on 4 January 2022. It is expected Power FM 98.1 will integrate with ARN's KIIS Network, but will retain its current name according to the press release from ARN.
831	Escape from L.A. (1996)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi, Thriller	In 2000, a massive earthquake strikes the city of Los Angeles, cutting it off from the mainland as the San Fernando Valley floods. Declaring that God is punishing Los Angeles for its sins, a theocratic presidential candidate wins election to a lifetime term of office. He orders the United States capital relocated from Washington, D.C. to his hometown of Lynchburg, Virginia and enacts a series of strict morality laws, banning such things as smoking, alcohol, drugs, premarital sex, firearms, profanity, and red meat. Violators are given a choice between loss of U.S. citizenship and permanent deportation to the new Los Angeles Island, or repentance and death by electrocution. Escape from the island is made impossible due to a containment wall erected along the mainland shore and a heavy federal police presence monitoring the area.By 2013, the U.S. has developed a superweapon known as the "Sword of Damocles," a satellite system capable of targeting electronic devices anywhere in the world and rendering them useless. The president intends to use it to dominate the world by destroying hostile nations' ability to function. His daughter Utopia steals the remote control for the system and escapes to Los Angeles Island in order to deliver it to Cuervo Jones, a Peruvian Shining Path revolutionary. Cuervo has marshaled an invasion force of third world nations and is planning to attack the U.S.Facing deportation for a series of crimes, Snake Plissken is offered a chance to earn a pardon by traveling to the island and recovering the remote, a task that a previous rescue team failed to accomplish. To force his compliance, the president has one of his officers infect Snake with a virus that will kill him within ten hours and promises that he will receive the cure upon completing the mission. The president is not concerned with Utopia's safety, regarding her as a traitor.Snake is issued equipment and sent to Los Angeles in a one-man submarine. As he explores the island, he meets "Map to the Stars" Eddie, a swindler who sells interactive tours and is one of Cuervo's associates. Along the way, Snake is helped by Pipeline, a surfing enthusiast; Taslima, a woman deported for her Muslim faith; and Hershe Las Palmas (formerly Carjack Malone), a trans woman and past criminal associate of Snake's.Eddie captures Snake and turns him over to Cuervo, who uses the Sword of Damocles to shut down Lynchburg in retaliation for Snake's presence. Cuervo threatens to inflict the same fate on the rest of the U.S. unless his demands are met. Snake escapes, and teams up with Hershe and her soldiers. The group travels by glider to the invasion staging area, at the "Happy Kingdom" in Anaheim. During a fight against Cuervo's troops, Snake takes the remote and Eddie alters one of the units he sells for his tours to match it. Snake, Eddie, Utopia, Hershe, and a group of Hershe's soldiers escape the island in a helicopter. Eddie shoots Cuervo, who fires a rocket launcher and hits the helicopter before dying. Hershe and her men are incinerated, Eddie jumps clear at liftoff, and Snake and Utopia do the same over the mainland and leave the helicopter to crash once Snake alerts the president to their approach.At the crash site, the president and his officers find that both Snake and Utopia are carrying remotes and take the one held by Utopia (slipped into her pocket without her noticing), thinking that Snake has switched them. As Utopia is taken to the electric chair, Snake learns that the virus infecting him only causes a severe case of influenza that subsides within hours. The president tries to use Utopia's remote to neutralize an invasion force threatening Florida, but it only plays a recorded introduction to one of Eddie's tours.Furious, the president orders his officers to kill Snake on the spot, but he proves to be only a hologram projected from a miniature camera that had been issued to him. Disgusted at the world's never-ending class warfare, he programs the real remote and triggers every satellite in the Sword of Damocles system, deactivating all technology on Earth and saving Utopia from electrocution as the power fails. Snake tosses the now-useless camera aside and lights a cigarette, then blows out the match and mutters, "Welcome to the human race."
832	Bogus (1996)	Children's, Drama, Fantasy	Albert Franklin lives with his mum Lorraine Franklin in Nevada who works as a showgirl. One evening, on her way home after work, she is killed in an automobile accident.Lorraine named her foster sister Harriet Franklin as Albert's godmother in her will. At first insisting she has zero instincts or interest in being responsible for a child, upon learning that without her he will end up in foster care, she grudgingly accepts.Albert unhappily leaves his Nevada home by plane to Newark, New Jersey. On the plane Bogus is 'born' from a sketch he drew on the journey. Harriet is late picking up Albert, and soon discovers that he has a friend no one else can see. The little boy resists all offers of help, repeating over and over to Bogus that he doesn't like it there. As he won't come down for dinner, she leaves a sandwich and milk in his room. He goes to school the next day and again she is late getting him.Albert wanders off with Bogus and they wind up in the park. Meanwhile, Harriet and school personnel go looking for him, finding him as he's dueling with his invisible friend. On the way to her appointment with Bob, they discuss magic, he is a firm believer and she isn't at all.Hoping to expand her business, the meeting with Bob is to convince him and the bank to invest in her. He plays make-believe with Albert, then invites him to Doug's, his also young son's, birthday party. Later, at the party, Harriet is asked by a magician to participate in the show and she refuses vehemently.That night, at home, Albert acknowledges that the party magician was terrible, then shows her a better trick. When he tries to show her another, she shoos him away, saying she's too busy and angering him. In the aftermath, Harriet begins to hear Bogus’s voice faintly, telling her that she is intentionally shutting out Albert and wrongly keeping him at a distance.The next evening, Albert sneaks out while the babysitter is sleeping, as he sees magician Monsieur Antoine he knows from Vegas is playing that night in Atlantic City. He grabs a bus there. His magician friends have him sleep, and he dreams about his mum.In the meantime, Harriet sees the ad for the magician in Atlantic City and collects him in her car. She puts him to bed and finally, in the kitchen, she is able to see Bogus as she opens her mind. They dance together and then she comes back into reality in the living room.Going into Albert's room to tell him she sees Bogus, Harriet discovers he's climbing the fire escape to the roof. In his mind, he's following his mother to heaven. Harriet calls him from the roof, encouraging to make the last few steps. The fantasy vanishes for him, and he makes it up and into her arms. They promise to try to be a family for each other.Flying to Nevada, Albert and Harriet visit Lorraine's grave. Later, they goof around, play-acting. Bogus says goodbye and they don't notice.
833	Bulletproof (1996)	Action	Archie Moses is a small-time thief in Los Angeles who smuggles drugs for drug lord Frank Colton, who launders his drug money through a car dealership. Moses is unaware that his best friend, Rock Keats, is actually LAPD undercover cop Jack Carter, who befriended him to infiltrate Colton's gang.Carter has Moses include him in Colton's next drug shipment, secretly planning to arrest Colton and take in Moses, whom he has come to care about, unharmed. Carter's undercover status is revealed before he can enact his plan, however, a hurt Moses pulls a gun on him. During the raid on Colton's warehouse, an out of control crane hits Moses in the back, causing him to accidentally shoot Carter in the head. He then flees the state, and is subsequently found and arrested.Carter miraculously survives and makes a full recovery with the aid of his physical therapist, Dr. Traci Flynn, with whom he falls in love. Moses is brought into custody, and he agrees to testify against Colton, but the trial is set to take place at the other side of the country. Carter's superior officer, Capt. Jensen, orders him to personally transfer Moses to the courtroom.Carter harbors resentment against Moses, and tensions escalate once the simple transfer goes awry. Colton learns through bribed federal agents and LAPD officers of Moses' attempt to testify against him. As they flee from Colton's men, Carter and Moses slowly mend their friendship, and are successful in returning to Carter's precinct. However, Colton apparently holds Flynn hostage, and blackmails Carter into turning Moses over to save Flynn.Carter and Moses pretend to comply with Colton, and shoot their way through Colton's guards. It is later revealed that Flynn is on Colton's payroll, and is responsible for leaking Carter's and Moses' whereabouts to him. Moses takes a bullet in the shoulder to save Carter's life, giving him time enough to arrest Flynn, then shoots Colton dead. Moses gives the incriminating documents on Colton to Carter, who allows him to escape. He heads to Mexico to become a bullfighter, with Carter and Moses' mother later accompanying him.
834	Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers (1995)	Horror, Thriller	Six years after the events of the previous film, Michael Myers and his nine-year-old niece Jamie Lloyd have been abducted by the Man in Black and his Druid-like cult at an unknown facility with medical staff. By Halloween Eve, a now fifteen-year-old Jamie has been impregnated and gives birth. With a help of a nurse, who soon becomes Michael's first victim, she escapes with her baby in a stolen pickup truck with Michael in pursuit.Meanwhile, a now retired Dr. Loomis is visited by his friend Dr. Terence Wynn, the chief administrator of Smith's Grove Sanitarium, where Michael had been incarcerated as a boy. As Wynn asks Loomis to return to Smith's Grove, they overhear Jamie's plea for help on a local radio station. Michael catches up with Jamie and kills her, only to find that she has hidden her child elsewhere.In Haddonfield, the old Myers house is now owned by relatives of Laurie Strode's adoptive family: John and Debra Strode, their adult children Kara and Tim, and Kara's six-year-old son Danny, who is tormented by visions of the Man in Black telling him to kill. At the Blankenship boarding house across the street lives Tommy Doyle, the boy Laurie babysat in 1978, now a recluse obsessed with Michael's motives. Also hearing Jamie's cry for help, Tommy tracks the call down to a bus station and finds the baby, whom he names Steven. Tommy crosses paths with Loomis, who visits Debra to warn her. After Loomis leaves, Michael kills Debra with an axe.Tommy locates Kara and Danny and takes them to safety at the boarding house. He tells Kara that he believes Michael is under the influence of Thorn, an ancient Druid curse that drives a person to kill their family on Halloween, and that Steven will be his final sacrifice. Tommy then leaves to meet Loomis at the local harvest festival. Michael electrocutes John in his home before going to the harvest festival and killing radio host Barry Simms, after which he follows Kara's brother Tim and his girlfriend Beth back to the house.Meanwhile, Mrs. Blankenship recounts the history of Halloween to Danny and tells Kara she was babysitting Michael the night he killed his sister in which he heard a voice telling him to do so. Mrs. Blankenship also states how Danny hears the same voice, implying that Danny is to follow down the same path. The Man in Black beckons Danny to the Myers house. Kara rescues Danny, discovering the corpses of Tim, Beth, and Debra upstairs, and is pursued by Michael. Upon returning to the boarding house, they discover the Man in Black to be Dr. Wynn. Cult members burst in and, with the help of Mrs. Blankenship, abduct Kara, Danny, and Steven and take them to Smith's Grove. Kara is locked in a maximum-security ward while the boys are kept in an operating room.Tommy and Loomis go to the sanitarium where Loomis confronts Wynn, who insinuates that the Smith's Grove staff have been studying pure evil to learn how to control it; Steven is implied to be the successful result of this. Wynn wants Loomis to join him, as he was the first to recognize the power of Michael's evil. Loomis refuses and is knocked out by a doctor. Meanwhile, Tommy frees Kara as Michael pursues them through the sanitarium. They watch as Wynn and his team prepare for a surgical procedure before Michael suddenly appears and turns against the cult, killing them all.Tommy and Kara rescue the kids as Michael chases them into a laboratory containing fetuses from Wynn's failed experiments to clone Michael's DNA. Tommy injects Michael with corrosive liquid and beats him unconscious with a lead pipe. Tommy, Kara, and the children leave Smith's Grove while Loomis stays behind, stating he has "some business to attend to." Inside, Michael's mask lies alone on the lab floor as Loomis screams in the background, leaving their fates unknown.
835	Gay Divorcee, The (1934)	Comedy, Musical, Romance	Guy Holden, a famous American dancer, is at a Paris nightclub with his friend, scatterbrained English lawyer Egbert Fitzgerald, when they both realize that they have forgotten their wallets. After Guy dances for the audience to avoid washing dishes to work off the bill, Egbert discovers his wallet in a different pocket.Traveling to England by ship, Guy encounters Mimi Glossop, whose dress has been caught when closing a trunk, asking Guy to call a porter to open the trunk to free her. Taking advantage of the situation, Guy teases her and attempts to free her dress, but ends up tearing the skirt at thigh level, angering Mimi. Chastised, Guy apologizes and gives Mimi his coat to cover up, and asks for her address to retrieve his coat, but Mimi insists that she will mail it back at the address he provides.Mimi returns the coat, paying the courier not to disclose her contact information. After searching for Mimi in London for two weeks, Guy ends up serendipitously rear-ending her car in traffic. As Mimi drives away and races to evade him, he chases her into the country. Taking a shortcut, Guy sets up a fake roadblock, trapping her, offering her an impromptu picnic and casually proposing marriage. Convinced that he is insane, she rebuffs his attempts to charm her and attempts to tear up notes with his phone number (but keeps one), but he learns that her name is Mimi.Coincidentally, Mimi seeks a divorce from her geologist husband, Cyril Glossop, who she has not seen for some time. Under the guidance of her domineering and much-married Aunt Hortense, she consults bumbling lawyer Egbert Fitzgerald, once a fiancé of her aunt. He arranges for Mimi to spend a night at a seaside hotel in Brightbourne and to be caught flagrante delicto in a staged "adulterous relationship", a purpose for which he hires a professional co-respondent, Rodolfo Tonetti. In an unrelated previous conversation with Guy, Egbert had been impressed when Guy philosophically used the phrase, "Chance is the fool's name for fate". Without Guy's knowledge and without intending any connection, Egbert gives Mimi the expression as a code phrase to identify her co-respondent.Accompanying his friend Egbert to the hotel, the besotted and unaware Guy encounters Mimi, who has warmed up to him, and admits that she attempted to contact the phone number that he gave her. He sings Cole Porter's "Night and Day" to her, and they fall under a spell while dancing together. Wanting to impress Mimi, Guy waxes philosophical, inadvertently using the code phrase that Egbert has given Mimi to identify the co-respondent. Appalled, Mimi mistakes him for the co-respondent who she has been expecting, considering him not much more than a gigolo.When Mimi gives Guy her room number and makes it clear that she expects him "at midnight", Guy is astonished by her seemingly brazen attitude. Guy keeps the "appointment" in Mimi's bedroom, and Tonetti arrives, revealing the truth and clearing up the misunderstandings. Not trusting Tonetti alone with Mimi, Guy insists on staying, potentially thwarting the point of a co-respondent for Mimi's divorce case. Tonetti insists that Mimi and Guy not foil the plan by being seen together outside of the bedroom. While Tonetti is busy playing solitaire in another room, Guy and Mimi contrive to escape and dance the night away. An elaborate 16-minute dance sequence, "The Continental", follows, with Mimi singing the introduction, another singer and ensembles of dancers doing routines, and Guy and Mimi joining in.In the morning, after several mistakes with the waiter, Guy hides in the next room when Cyril arrives at the door, while Mimi and Tonetti pretend that they are lovers. When Cyril does not believe that Mimi would fall for Tonetti, Guy comes out and embraces Mimi in an attempt to convince Cyril that he is her lover, but to no avail. Cyril does not want a divorce from a wealthy wife. The unwitting waiter ultimately reveals that Cyril is an adulterer, having come to another hotel on previous occasions with another woman, thus clearing the way for Mimi to obtain a divorce and marry Guy.
836	Ninotchka (1939)	Comedy, Romance	Iranoff, Buljanoff and Kopalski, three agents from the Russian Board of Trade, arrive in Paris to sell jewelry confiscated from the aristocracy during the Russian Revolution of 1917.Count Alexis Rakonin, a White Russian nobleman reduced to employment as a waiter in the hotel where the trio are staying, overhears details of their mission and informs the former Russian Grand Duchess Swana  that her court jewels are to be sold by the three men. Swana's debonair paramour, Count Léon d'Algout offers to help retrieve the jewelry before it is sold.In their hotel suite, Iranoff, Buljanoff and Kopalski are negotiating with Mercier, a prominent Parisian jeweler, when Léon interrupts the meeting. He explains that the jewels were seized illegally by the Soviet government and a petition has been filed preventing their sale or removal. Mercier withdraws his offer to purchase the jewelry until the lawsuit is settled.The amiable, charming and cunning Léon treats the three Russians to an extravagant lunch, gets them drunk and easily wins their friendship and confidence. He sends a telegram to Moscow in their name suggesting a compromise.Displeased by the telegram, Moscow then sends Nina Ivanovna "Ninotchka" Yakushova, a special envoy whose goal is to win the lawsuit, complete the jewelry sale and return with the three renegade Russians. Ninotchka is methodical, rigid and stern, chastising Iranoff, Buljanoff and Kopalski for failing to complete their mission.Ninotchka and Léon first meet on the street near the hotel, their identities unknown to one another. He flirts, but she is uninterested. Intrigued, Léon follows her to the Eiffel Tower and shows her his home through a telescope. Ninotchka tells him he might be an interesting subject of study and suggests they go to his apartment. Léon, fascinated by Ninotchka, continues to flirt and he soon falls in love with her. They kiss, but are interrupted by a phone call from Buljanoff. Both then realize they are each other's adversaries over the jewelry and Ninotchka promptly leaves Léon's apartment, despite his protestations.The next day, Léon follows Ninotchka to a bistro where she again rebuffs him; but after valiant attempts at making her laugh, Léon finally breaks down her resistance and she falls in love with him. While attending to the various legal matters over the lawsuit, Ninotchka gradually becomes seduced by the west. At a dinner date with Léon where she unexpectedly meets Swana face-to-face (her rival for the jewelry and for Léon's affections), Ninotchka consumes champagne for the first time and quickly becomes intoxicated. The following afternoon, a hungover Ninotchka is awakened by Swana and discovers Rakonin has stolen the jewelry during the night. Swana has come to offer Ninotchka a proposition: the jewels will be returned and the litigation dropped if Ninotchka returns to Moscow immediately so that Swana can have Léon to herself. Ninotchka reluctantly agrees to Swana's proposal and after completing the sale of the jewelry to Mercier, she, Iranoff, Buljanoff and Kopalski fly back to Russia.Later that evening, Léon visits Swana and confesses his love for Ninotchka. Swana then informs Léon that Ninotchka has already left for Moscow. He attempts to follow her but is denied a Russian visa, because of his nobility.Sometime later in Moscow, Ninotchka invites her three comrades to dinner at her communal apartment and they nostalgically recall their time in Paris. After dinner, Ninotchka finally receives a letter from Léon, but it has been completely censored by the authorities, and she is devastated.More time passes; Commissar Razinin informs Ninotchka that Iranoff, Buljanoff and Kopalski were sent to Constantinople to sell furs but once again have failed to complete their mission. Against her wishes, Ninotchka is again sent by Razinin to investigate the situation and retrieve the trio.After Ninotchka arrives in Constantinople, the three Russians inform her that they have opened a restaurant and will not be returning to the Soviet Union. When Ninotchka asks them who is responsible for this idea, Buljanoff points to the balcony where Léon is standing. Léon explains that he was barred from entering Russia to win Ninotchka back, so he and Iranoff, Buljanoff and Kopalski conspired to get her to leave the country. He asks her to stay with him and she happily agrees.The final shot in the film is of Kopalski carrying a protest sign complaining that Iranoff and Buljanoff are unfair, because his name does not illuminate on the electric sign in front of their new restaurant.
837	Meet John Doe (1941)	Drama	A local newspaper, The Bulletin, is under new management and renamed The New Bulletin, with columnist Ann Mitchell being one of the staffers dismissed to "streamline" the paper, but not before being told to write one final column. Infuriated, Ann prints a letter from a fictional unemployed "John Doe" threatening suicide on Christmas Eve in protest of society's ills. When the letter causes a sensation among readers, and the paper's competition, The Chronicle, suspects a fraud and starts to investigate, editor Henry Connell is persuaded to rehire Ann, who schemes to boost the newspaper's sales by exploiting the fictional John Doe. From a number of derelicts who show up at the paper claiming to have written the original letter, Ann and Henry hire John Willoughby, a former baseball player and tramp in need of money to repair his injured arm, to play the role of John Doe. Ann starts to pen a series of articles in Doe's name, elaborating on the original letter's ideas of society's disregard for people in need.Willoughby gets $50, a new suit of clothes, and a plush hotel suite with his tramp friend "The Colonel", who launches into an extended diatribe against "helots", people who are trying to sell things, burdening others with ownership, tying them down with responsibilities that require money to pay for them, until they, too, become helots. Proposing to take Doe nationwide via the radio, Ann is given $100 a week by the Bulletin's publisher, D. B. Norton, to write radio speeches for Willoughby. Meanwhile, Willoughby is offered a $5,000 bribe from The Chronicle to admit the whole thing was a publicity stunt, but ultimately turns it down and delivers the speech Ann has written for him instead. Afterward, feeling conflicted, he runs away, riding the rails with the Colonel until they reach Millsville. "John Doe" is recognized at a diner and brought to City Hall, where he is met by Bert Hanson, who explains how he was inspired by Doe's words to start a "John Doe club" with his neighbors.The John Doe philosophy spreads across the country, developing into a broad grassroots movement whose simple slogan is, "Be a better neighbor". However, Norton secretly plans to channel support for Doe into support for his own national political ambitions. When a John Doe rally is scheduled, with John Doe clubs from throughout the country in attendance, Norton instructs Mitchell to write a speech for Willoughby in which he announces the foundation of a new political party and endorses Norton as its presidential candidate. On the night of the rally, Willoughby, who has come to believe in the John Doe philosophy himself, learns of Norton's treachery from a drunken Henry. He denounces Norton and tries to expose the plot at the rally, but his speech is interrupted by hordes of newsboys carrying a special edition of The New Bulletin exposing Doe as a fake. Norton claims Doe had deceived him and the staff of the newspaper, like everyone else, and cuts off the loudspeakers before Doe can defend himself. Despondent at letting his now-angry followers down, Willoughby attempts suicide by jumping from the roof of the City Hall on Christmas Eve, as indicated in the original John Doe letter. Ann, who has fallen in love with John, desperately tries to talk him out of jumping (saying that the first John Doe has already died for the sake of humanity), and Hanson and his neighbors tell him of their plan to restart their John Doe club. Convinced not to kill himself, John leaves, carrying a fainted Ann in his arms, and Henry turns to Norton and says, "There you are, Norton! The people! Try and lick that!".
838	In the Line of Duty 2 (1987)	Action	This is a list of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty in Canada. Unlike its neighbour, the United States, Canada lacks a complete database like that of the Officer Down Memorial Page. As a result, this list will never be fully complete, and can only include those deaths that are documented in one way or another. As such, deaths that lack documentation such as numerous law enforcement deaths prior to Confederation, and those law enforcement officers who died in the Halifax Explosion and Lower Canada Rebellion cannot be included. Additionally, due to the dynamic nature of this list, it requires regular edits to keep it up to date. This list also includes those who died in the line of duty outside of Canada, excluding peacekeeping missions and wars.
839	Loch Ness (1995)	Horror, Thriller	The Loch Ness Monster (Scottish Gaelic: Uilebheist Loch Nis), known affectionately as Nessie, is a mythical creature in Scottish folklore that is said to inhabit Loch Ness in the Scottish Highlands. It is often described as large, long-necked, and with one or more humps protruding from the water. Popular interest and belief in the creature has varied since it was brought to worldwide attention in 1933. Evidence of its existence is anecdotal, with a number of disputed photographs and sonar readings. The scientific community explains alleged sightings of the Loch Ness Monster as hoaxes, wishful thinking, and the misidentification of mundane objects. The pseudoscience and subculture of cryptozoology has placed particular emphasis on the creature.
840	Last Man Standing (1996)	Action, Drama, Western	In Prohibition-era Texas, wanderer John Smith drives into the small bordertown of Jericho. A young woman named Felina soon crosses the street, catching Smith's eye. Irish mobsters later surround his car. The lead hood warns Smith against staring at "Doyle's property" and smashes up his car.Stranded and with no money to get his car fixed, Smith talks to Sheriff Ed Galt; the cowardly Galt refuses to help him. At a hotel, Smith gets a drink and a room. He then visits Doyle's headquarters at a social club and challenges the hood to a duel, which Smith wins. Learning of the Irish hood's death, Fredo Strozzi, the head of Jericho's Italian gang, later offers Smith a job in his outfit. Strozzi wants to wipe out his rivals and spends heavily to recruit anyone who can fight into his gang. Smith agrees to his offer. Giorgio Carmonte, the son of a prominent Chicago mobster, monitors Strozzi's activities in Jericho. Carmonte distrusts Smith, who secretly seduces Strozzi's mistress, Lucy.Smith accompanies Strozzi's gang to the backcountry. Aided by Ramirez, a corrupt Mexican police lieutenant on Doyle's payroll, the gang ambushes Doyle's men there and seizes a caravan of illicit foreign liquor. Carmonte travels to Mexico to cut more deals with Ramirez. Smith later defects to Doyle's side and reveals Ramirez's betrayal. Doyle's right hand man Hickey travels to Mexico, kills Ramirez and a corrupt Border Patrol officer involved in the liquor trade, and kidnaps Carmonte. Doyle contacts Strozzi and demands a large ransom for Carmonte, as well as the return of his trucks. Strozzi in turn kidnaps Felina and offers to trade her instead. The two gangs eventually make the exchange.Smith is apprehended by Sheriff Galt, who brings him to meet with Captain Tom Pickett of the Texas Rangers. Pickett has been ordered to investigate the officer's death and says that the State of Texas will not tolerate Doyle and Strozzi's war any longer. He intends to bring Rangers in ten days to wipe out both sides if one is not destroyed within the week. If Pickett finds Smith there after ten days, he will kill him as well.Lucy reveals to Smith that Strozzi had her ear cut off for sleeping with him. Smith gives her money and gets her a ride out of town. The next day, Smith relays a false rumor that Strozzi is preparing to bring in more men. Playing on Doyle's obsession with Felina, Smith convinces Doyle that Strozzi will try to kidnap her again to learn where Lucy is being kept. Smith kills the men guarding Felina and gives her one of Doyle's cars to escape. The next day, Smith is waiting at the safehouse when Doyle arrives, and claims that Strozzi managed to kidnap Felina again. Doyle's new enforcer, Jack McCool, believes Smith's story but Hickey does not. Furious, Doyle vows to wipe out Strozzi's gang later that day.Smith's plan goes awry when Hickey ambushes him, having received word that Felina was spotted heading towards Mexico. Doyle imprisons Smith and has him tortured, demanding to know where Felina is. Smith, however, refuses to talk. Later that night, he overpowers his guards and escapes with Galt and the hotel's owner, Joe Monday. While driving out of town, they see Hickey and his men slaughtering Strozzi's gang at a roadhouse. Strozzi and Carmonte try to surrender but are gunned down.Smith takes refuge at a remote church. Two days later, Galt arrives and informs Smith that Monday was caught smuggling food and water to the church and that Doyle will probably torture him to death. He then hands Smith his pistols, saying that that is all the help he is willing to offer. Smith returns to town, kills McCool and the rest of Doyle's men, and rescues Monday. Doyle and Hickey are absent, having gone down to Mexico in a desperate search for Felina. Smith lures Doyle to his location and lets Monday take revenge by killing the gangster. Hickey pretends to surrender and tries to kill Smith, who outdraws and shoots him dead. Smith later gets into his newly repaired Ford and drives on to Mexico, his original destination.
841	Glimmer Man, The (1996)	Action, Thriller	Jack Cole was once a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) operative known as "the Glimmer Man", because he could move so quickly and quietly through the jungle that his victims would only see a glimmer before they died. Having retired from the CIA, Cole–versed in Buddhism and unaccustomed to working with others–has become a detective with the Los Angeles Police Department.Cole is partnered with Detective Jim Campbell, who has little patience for Cole's New Age philosophies and "outsider" attitude. Cole and Campbell must set aside their differences when they are assigned to track down a serial killer known as "the Family Man", named for his habit of killing entire households.The Family Man's latest victims turn out to be Cole's ex-wife Ellen and her current husband Andrew Dunleavy. When Cole's fingerprints are found on Ellen's body, Campbell and he suspect that Smith - Jack's former superior in the CIA - may be connected with the killings. Cole contacts Smith, who (unbeknownst to Campbell and him) has been working with local crime boss Frank Deverell.Cole and Campbell receive a tip that leads them to Christopher Maynard, who insists that the Family Man murders were actually committed by more than one killer. Only the slayings that occurred before Jack arrived in Los Angeles were Maynard's work; more recently, a second party has been massacring households and blaming it on Maynard, whom Cole is forced to shoot in self-defense.Seeking a lead on the "other" Family Man, Cole goes to the home of Sonya Roslov, Deverell's Russian translator and a recent victim of the serial killer. Jack finds out that the Roslovs had tickets to Russia, paid for by Deverell's company. The Family Man makes an unsuccessful attempt on the lives of both Cole and Campbell, blowing up the latter's apartment. The Family Man is revealed to work for both Deverell and Smith, who have murder contracts out on both of the detectives and also on Johnny, Deverell's own stepson.Cole and Campbell question Johnny's girlfriend, Millie, who tells them where to find Johnny. The detectives trick and kill a hitman sent by Johnny's stepfather. Johnny informs Campbell and Cole that Donald Cunningham, Deverell's private security chief, is the other Family Man, whose killings were confused with Maynard's. Johnny also reveals Smith's partnership with Deverell.The detectives confront Smith, who reveals that Deverell has been smuggling chemical weapons into the USA from Russia and selling said arms to the Serbian underworld. Smith is arranging contacts for the deal, which is being cut by the Russian Liberation Fighters (the Organizatsiya). The sale has been scheduled to take place at a welfare hotel in downtown Los Angeles.When Cole and Campbell storm the hotel to disrupt the weapons deal, Cunningham kills Deverell (because Deverell set up Cunningham for the LAPD, to clear himself of the arms-running charges) and wounds Campbell. Cole fights Cunningham, finally throwing him through a window to be impaled on a wrought iron fence.Campbell jokes that Cole has brought him nothing but bad luck ever since they became partners. Cole says he will keep that in mind, as Campbell is driven off to the hospital.
842	Pollyanna (1960)	Children's, Comedy, Drama	Pollyanna, the 11-year-old orphaned daughter of missionaries, arrives in the small town of Harrington to live with her rich and strict aunt Polly Harrington in the 1910s. Pollyanna is a very cheerful, talkative, and radically optimistic youngster who focuses on the goodness of life and always finds something to be glad about, no matter what the situation is. In doing so, Pollyanna's positive outlook on everything results in her making a wide variety of friends in the community, including the hypochondriac and grouchy Mrs. Snow and the acidic recluse Mr. Pendergast.Aunt Polly's wealth controls most of the town. When the citizens want a derelict orphanage razed and rebuilt, Aunt Polly opposes the idea, arguing that her father donated the building to the town, and it is an important landmark as such. The townspeople defy her by planning a carnival to raise funds for a new structure. Because of the control that Aunt Polly asserts over every facet of the town, however, many people feel reluctant to show their support.A group of citizens led by Aunt Polly's ex-boyfriend Dr. Edmond Chilton tries to persuade the town's minister Rev. Ford to publicly declare his support for the bazaar by reminding him that "nobody owns a church". Rev. Ford is reminded of the truth of that statement when Pollyanna delivers a note from Aunt Polly with recommendations to his sermon content.  This lesson is reinforced when Pollyanna shows Ford a locket from her late father, inscribed with a quote from Abraham Lincoln reading, "When you look for the bad in mankind expecting to find it, you surely will."First, Rev. Ford reads one of the so-called "Glad Passages" of the Bible at church the following Sunday, stating that a young member of the congregation pointed out how many such passages there are, having gained the gumption to defy Aunt Polly. He intends to read one a week from this time on and then declares his support for the bazaar and encourages all to attend. Aunt Polly becomes furious about their audacity, forbidding Pollyanna to participate. On the evening of the carnival, Pollyanna is locked in her attic bedroom by Aunt Polly but is "rescued" by playmate and fellow orphan Jimmy Bean, who reminds her that she will lead "America the Beautiful" at the high point of the event. She slips away with Jimmy's help and has a wonderful time at the carnival, winning her first-ever doll.Upon returning home, Pollyanna avoids Aunt Polly by climbing a tree to her attic bedroom. When trying to reach her bedroom window, she drops her new doll; Pollyanna then falls off the window ledge screaming and is knocked unconscious before being discovered by Aunt Polly and her maids.After realizing her legs are paralyzed and that she may not ever walk again, Pollyanna develops severe depression, jeopardizing her chance of recovery. Meanwhile, Aunt Polly feels extreme guilt when she realizes how her behavior has isolated her from the town and Pollyanna. While talking to Dr. Chilton, she admits that her niece needed love and it was something she never gave her. Dr. Chilton tells Aunt Polly that they can give Pollyanna the love together and help mend the isolation she put on the townsfolk.When the townspeople learn of Pollyanna's accident, they arrive at Aunt Polly's house with outpourings of love. Dr. Chilton carries the reluctant girl downstairs where the neighbors wish her health one by one. Pollyanna's spirit gradually returns to its usual hopefulness and love of life, and she also learns that Jimmy has been adopted by Mr. Pendergast. Pollyanna is embraced by her aunt before they leave Harrington with Dr. Chilton for an operation in Baltimore which would correct her injury and help her walk again. She also found that the town adopted a nickname, Gladtown.
843	Shaggy Dog, The (1959)	Children's, Comedy	Wilbur "Wilby" Daniels is a boy who creates often dangerous inventions. As a retired mailman who often ran afoul of canines, Wilby's father Wilson hates dogs, and cannot understand why his younger son, Montgomery "Moochie" Daniels, wants one.Wilby and his rival Buzz Miller go with French girl Francesca Andrassy to a museum. Buzz and Francesca eventually leave without Wilby. He later encounters Professor Plumcutt, whose newspaper Wilby used to deliver. Plumcutt mentions mystical ancient beliefs, including the legend of the Borgia family, who used shape-shifting as a weapon against their enemies.Wilby later collides with a table that holds a display case of jewelry. He accidentally ends up with one of the rings in the cuff of his pants. It is the cursed Borgia ring, and after reading the inscription on it ("In canis corpore transmuto", which, unknown to Wilby, means, "Into a dog's body I change"), he transforms into Chiffon, Francesca's Old English Sheepdog. Confused, Wilby, as a dog, goes to Plumcutt, who says that the Borgia curse can only be broken through a heroic act of selflessness. After getting chased out of his own house by an enraged Wilson, who fails to recognize him as a dog, Wilby continues to switch back and forth between human form and dog form. Only Moochie and Plumcutt know his true identity, as Wilby has spoken to them both in dog form.Francesca sees that Chiffon has been acting strangely. She asks her adoptive father, Dr. Andrassy, to watch over Chiffon for the night. Wilby, as a dog, eventually overhears Dr. Valasky and his associate Thurm discuss plans to steal a government secret.The next day, Wilby, as a dog, tells Moochie about the spies. Wilby reveals the secret to his dumbfounded father. As Wilby and Moochie discuss what to do next, Francesca's butler Stefano drags Wilby into the house. Moochie runs to his father to get help, who goes to the authorities, until Wilson finds himself accused of being either crazy or a spy.Stefano and Andrassy later discuss plans to steal a government secret, and Wilby, as a dog, overhears. He however transforms into human Wilby in front of the spies and is discovered, but not before he hears Andrassy expressing his wish to get rid of Francesca.The spies force Francesca to leave with them, leaving the human Wilby bound and gagged in the closet. Moochie sneaks into the house and discovers Wilby, who has once again transformed into a dog.When Buzz appears at the residence to take Francesca on a date, Wilby, still in his dog form, steals Buzz's hot rod automobile. Buzz reports this to officers Hansen and Kelly, who report the suspect as a "large shaggy dog" This is sighted by two policemen who decide to aid Kelly and Hansen. Wilson and Moochie follow Buzz and the police, who end up chasing everyone. The spies attempt to leave aboard a boat, but the police call in the water police to apprehend Andrassy and stop his boat. Wilby, in his dog form, swims up and wrestles with the men, as Francesca gets knocked out of the boat. Wilby drags her to shore, where Buzz tries to take credit for her rescue. This angers Wilby, who still a dog, attacks Buzz. Wilby's snarling turns into a tirade as Wilby finds himself wrestling with Buzz. Francesca awakens to see a wet Chiffon and hugs it, thinking that he was her rescuer. Noticing that he and Chiffon are seen together, Wilby realizes that he has broken the curse.Now that Wilson and Chiffon are declared heroes, Francesca can leave for Paris without Andrassy and Stefano, both of whom are arrested for espionage, and she gives Chiffon to the Daniels family as her way of thanking them. Since Wilson has gotten such commendation for foiling a spy ring because of "his love of dogs", he stops hating dogs and allows Moochie to care for Chiffon. Wilby and Buzz decide to forget their rivalry over Francesca and resume their friendship. Of course in a final scene Allison (Annette) gets a kind of revenge on Buzz and Wilby for being ignored in favor of Francesca. 
844	Freeway (1996)	Crime	Vanessa Lutz is a 14-year-old illiterate teenager living south of Los Angeles. Her mother, Ramona, is arrested in a prostitution sting, and her stepfather, Larry, is taken in on drug and child abuse charges. Social worker Mrs. Sheets comes to pick up Vanessa, but she runs away.Taking her mother's run-down car, Vanessa plans to live with her grandmother in Stockton. Along the way, she stops to see her boyfriend Chopper Wood, a gang member, to tell him about her trip. He gives her a gun to sell upon arriving at her destination. Shortly after Vanessa leaves, he is killed in a drive-by shooting. The car breaks down, leaving her on the side of the highway where she is picked up by Bob Wolverton, a counselor at a school for boys with emotional problems. He offers to take her as far as L.A.Over the long drive, Vanessa comes to trust Bob and confesses the details of her dysfunctional life, including sexual abuse by her stepfather and foster parents. That evening, Bob reveals he is a serial killer dubbed the "I-5 Killer" and attacks Vanessa. She turns the tables on him, however, and shoots him several times before fleeing to a diner where her blood-stained appearance prompts the owners to call 911. She is arrested and questioned by police detectives Mike Breer and Garnet Wallace, who write her off as a carjacker, even though she insists Bob tried to kill her and told her about his crimes.Bob survives, but the bullet wounds have left him severely handicapped and facially disfigured. Vanessa is put on trial and sent to prison, while Bob and his socialite wife Mimi, who knows nothing of his crimes, are treated like heroes.Initially scared, Vanessa makes friends in prison who include heroin-addicted lesbian Rhonda and a vicious Hispanic gang leader named Mesquita. Vanessa plots to escape to her grandmother's house and fashions a shiv from a toothbrush. During their transport to a maximum security prison, Vanessa and Mesquita escape after killing a security guard, and they go their separate ways.Re-examining evidence, the detectives realize Vanessa was telling the truth. They search Bob's home and find child pornography and human remains in a storage shed. Horrified, Mimi commits suicide. Evading the police, Bob travels to Vanessa's grandmother's trailer, using the address written on a picture Vanessa had shown him.Posing as a prostitute, Vanessa steals a car from a prospective john, driving to the trailer. She finds Bob in bed wearing her grandmother's nightgown and nightcap with the covers pulled up to his nose. A struggle ensues, culminating in her strangling him. Breer and Wallace arrive, finding the bodies of Bob and Vanessa's grandmother. Outside, Vanessa sits in a chair in a daze, and then asks the detectives if they have a cigarette. They all smile and laugh.
845	That Thing You Do! (1996)	Comedy	In 1964, aspiring jazz drummer Guy Patterson is working in his family's appliance store in Erie, Pennsylvania, when his friends Jimmy Mattingly II and Lenny Haise ask him to perform a song Jimmy wrote at a talent show with their band, because their regular drummer, Chad, broke his arm. They rehearse the song, a slow-tempo ballad called "That Thing You Do!", in Jimmy's garage, and Jimmy's girlfriend Faye Dolan proposes "The Oneders" (as in "one-ders"), a play on the Beatles, as the band's name. At the talent show, Guy forces the song into a faster tempo, winning the band the competition and earning a paying gig at Villapiano's, a local pizza parlor. After they decide to record the song and sell 45s of it, produced by Guy's Uncle Bob, local talent promoter Phil Horace notices the band, promising them radio airplay within 10 days. Lenny convinces the band to sign with him.Phil keeps his promise, and the song gets regular play on Pennsylvania radio, becoming an instant local hit.  He eventually books them for a showcase concert in Pittsburgh, where technical difficulties and the band's lack of stagecraft result in a disastrous performance. Afterward, Phil introduces a dispirited Guy to Mr. White, an A&R representative for Play-Tone Records, who offers the band a contract and becomes their manager. He renames the band "the Wonders" (as many people had mispronounced "Oneders" as "Oh-nee-ders"), advises them on style and presentation (including top brand musical instruments and matching suits, with Guy sporting sunglasses as his trademark), and places them on the Play-Tone tour of Midwestern state fairs, with Faye handling their wardrobes so she can stay on the tour with Jimmy.During the tour, the Wonders meet other acts, learn about the business, and improve their performing skills. "That Thing You Do!" garners national radio airplay, raising the band's popularity and eventually reaching number 7 on the Billboard Hot 100; Mr. White then sends them to Los Angeles for publicity, including radio and film appearances.  While the rest of the band has the time of their lives with their new-found stardom and success, Jimmy is increasingly irritable due to wanting to record a new album. On the day of their appearance on the Hollywood Television Showcase (a nationally televised live variety show), Mr. White replaces the absent bass guitarist, who has joined the Marine Corps, with experienced session guitarist Scott "Wolfman" Pell. Guy is hungover after meeting his idol, jazz pianist Del Paxton, while Jimmy is nervously vomiting and Lenny is preoccupied with his new girlfriend; still, the Wonders manage to successfully cooperate. When television captions display the individual members, Jimmy is visibly angered by an additional caption announcing his engagement.After the performance, Jimmy criticizes Faye in the dressing room, insinuating that she disclosed the engagement (although White implies that it was him). Faye, already disillusioned with Jimmy's increasing preoccupation with the band and everything else but her, breaks up with him. Lenny, meanwhile, elopes with his girlfriend in Las Vegas. The next day, at a scheduled recording session at Play-Tone's studio, Mr. White has provided new material for Jimmy and Guy to record, but Jimmy, insistent on recording his original songs, immediately quits when he is reminded that per their contract, Play-Tone dictates their material; Mr. White reassures Guy that short-lived one-hit wonders are common in the music industry. When Del visits the recording studio, he is impressed by Guy's impromptu drumming and they improvise a jazz song entitled "I Am Spartacus" after Guy's catchphrase. Returning to the hotel to check out, Guy tells a dejected Faye that he plans to stay in Los Angeles, while she says she will return to Erie. He pursues her and they finally admit their long-hidden feelings for each other before sharing a kiss.A picture-and-text epilogue reveals the fates of the band members. Jimmy formed a new band known as the Heardsmen, which made three albums for Play-Tone, all of which were certified gold, before becoming a successful record producer in Los Angeles. Lenny, currently single, manages the Golden Eagle Hotel and Casino in Laughlin, Nevada. The bass guitarist (named "T.B. Player" in the credits) served two tours of duty in Vietnam with the Marines and earned a Purple Heart for wounds sustained at the Battle of Khe Sanh, then worked in construction in Orlando, Florida. Finally, Guy and Faye married on April 30, 1965, and raised four children in Venice, California, before moving to Bainbridge Island, Washington and founding the Puget Sound Conservatory of Music, where Guy teaches jazz composition.
846	To Gillian on Her 37th Birthday (1996)	Drama, Romance	On her birthday, Gillian falls from the mast of a yacht on a family outing and dies. Distraught, Gillian's husband David Lewis turns their summer cottage in Nantucket, Massachusetts into a permanent home. He spends most of his time on the beach there, communicating with Gillian's spirit and unwittingly neglecting their daughter Rachel.On the second anniversary of Gillian's death, David invites her sister Esther Wheeler and her husband Paul to stay for the weekend. She insists on bringing her female friend Kevin Dollof, whom she hopes David will become romantically interested in. He, however, ignores her and proceeds with the ritualistic celebration of Gillian's birthday.At the beach house, Paul tries to discourage Esther from meddling in David's affairs. David goes for a run while Paul tries to confront him about his hermit-like behavior.As part of the special weekend ritual, they have a formal fancy dinner in the house. There Esther accuses David of holing himself in, neglecting Rachel and his literature professor background. He insists that he has taken a sabbatical to write a book, then stomps off to walk on the beach.There, David talks with Gillian. He talks about everyone's arrival and the pressure they are putting on him to move on. Gillian reminds him that Rachel must always come first. Once she has disappeared again, David comes face-to-face with Rachel and admits both that he talks to Gillian's imagined ghost and that he is not really writing a book.When Rachel comes in, Esther presses her, but she says that there is nothing to worry about. That night, sensing her sleeplessness, Paul discovers that Esther has a court appointment on Monday to petition that David lose custody for neglect, as Rachel is increasingly withdrawn and her grades have been slipping.The next day, David throws himself into the sand sculpture contest he has been preparing for weeks, determined to beat the child who won the previous year. Rachel's friend Cindy encourages her to wear a provocative bikini and strut down the beach. They attract most males on the beach, including Paul. When David sees Rachel being ogled at, he hurries to cover her up.David later calls out to a woman, probably due to heat stroke. Having mistaken her for Gillian, he then collapses. After waking up, David discovers that he has won the competition. Rachel is concerned, wishing that he would move on.Paul lets David know about Esther's court date on Monday to try to convince him to better hide his unusual behavior, so he races back to confront her. David tells her to get out, then Esther points out that she had thwarted his suicide attempt back in the day.Rachel goes to a party with Joey, a guy she met on the beach. David goes to the coast to talk with Gillian. Esther sends Kevin to talk to him, and she suggests that he is idolizing Gillian rather than recognising her flaws.As Rachel never consumed alcohol, Joey brings her back drunk after having only two drinks. She goes to bed to sleep it off. Rachel dreams that Gillian takes her night cycling, but wakes up screaming as a tractor-trailer almost hits her in the nightmare. She tells David that she can no longer stay with him there, as he cannot let Gillian go.The events of the weekend cause Esther and Paul to re-examine their relationship, as Cindy's flirty nature and his innuendo causes friction for the couple. When Cindy calls Paul's bluff, he does not try anything. Paul points out to Esther that they are both envious of David's bond with Gillian, as he is still crazy about her twenty years since they met whereas they are more companions.Seeing the Wheelers, Kevin and Rachel off at the ferry, David says goodbye to Rachel, who doubles back, declaring that she will not leave him. David says that he will stay one more day to board up the house and leave too, coming to realize that he can be an attentive father to Rachel without betraying Gillian's memory.
847	Looking for Richard (1996)	Documentary, Drama	Looking for Richard is a 1996 American documentary film directed by Al Pacino, in his directorial debut. It is a hybrid film, including both a filmed performance of selected scenes of William Shakespeare's Richard III and a documentary element which explores a broader examination of Shakespeare's continuing role and relevance in popular culture. The film was featured at the Sundance Film Festival in January 1996 and it was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival. Al Pacino won the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Documentaries.
848	Murder, My Sweet (1944)	Film-Noir, Thriller	With his eyes bandaged, private detective Philip Marlowe is interrogated by police lieutenant Randall about two murders.Marlowe tells how he was hired by ex-con Moose Malloy to locate Malloy's former girlfriend Velma Valento. They go to Florian's, the nightclub where Velma last worked as a singer, but no one remembers her. Marlowe tracks down Jessie Florian, the alcoholic widow of the nightclub's former owner, who hides a photo of Velma and says Velma is dead. Marlowe steals the photo and sees Jessie making a phone call as he leaves.The next morning, Lindsay Marriott hires Marlowe to be his bodyguard while he acts as a go-between to pay a ransom for some stolen jewels. During the job, Marlowe is knocked unconscious from behind. When he comes to, a young woman shines a flashlight on his face, then runs away. The money is gone, and Marriott has been brutally clubbed to death with a blackjack. When Marlowe reports the murder, the police ask him if he knows a Jules Amthor, and warn him not to interfere in the case.Ann Grayle tries to pry information out of Marlowe about the murder. She mentions that the jewels were jade, and introduces him to her weak, elderly, and wealthy father, Leuwen Grayle, and his seductive second wife, Helen. Grayle collects rare jade and was attempting to recover a stolen necklace. Jules Amthor, a psychic healer who treated both Helen and Marriott, shows up just as Marlowe is leaving. Helen retains Marlowe to try to recover the jade, but Ann tries bribing him to drop the case.In an attempt to locate the jade, Amthor has duped Moose into thinking that Marlowe knows where Velma is. Moose attacks and subdues Marlowe, then Amthor has Marlowe taken to Dr. Sonderberg's sanatorium, where he is drugged and held for three days. Marlowe escapes and convinces Moose that Amthor tricked him, then goes to Ann.When Marlowe learns that the police had asked Ann's father about the family beach house, which Marriott rented, Marlowe and Ann go there, where they find Helen hiding from the police. Ann leaves to tell her father where his missing wife is. Marlowe deduces that Helen hired him only to set him up for Amthor's interrogations and that Ann was trying to save him from the set-up. Helen attempts to entice Marlowe into helping her murder Amthor. Marlowe seems to go along with her plan, but finds Amthor dead already. Moose is waiting for Marlowe at his office. Marlowe shows Moose the photo of "Velma" he took from Jessie, and as he suspected, it is a fake intended to throw anyone looking for Velma off the track. In fact, Helen is Velma. Marlowe tells Moose to lie low until the next night, when he will take Moose to her.At the beach house, Marlowe has Moose wait outside while he meets with Helen to find out what happened to the necklace, but she pulls a gun on him. Jessie Florian had tipped her that Marlowe was looking for Velma, so she was faking the robbery and the ransom exchange to kill him. Helen killed Marriott while Marlowe went down into the canyon, and was about to kill Marlowe when Ann came along, worried that her jealous father might be trying to kill Marriott.As Helen is about to shoot Marlowe, a lovesick Grayle shows up with Ann. He takes Marlowe's gun and kills Helen/Velma. Moose hears the shot and comes in, finding Velma dead. Grayle admits to shooting her, and Moose lunges for Grayle, who shoots him. Marlowe attempts to intercede as the gun goes off and his eyes are burned by the flash. Two more shots are fired.His story concluded, the temporarily blinded private eye is told that Moose and Grayle shot each other in a struggle for Marlowe's gun. Marlowe is escorted out of the building by Detective Nulty, with Ann following them and overhearing every word. Marlowe expresses his attraction for Ann to the detective. In the back seat of a taxi cab, the bandaged Marlowe recognizes her perfume, and they kiss.
849	Days of Thunder (1990)	Action, Romance	Days of Thunder is a 1990 NASCAR racing simulation video game loosely based on the 1990 movie Days of Thunder. The game utilized elements from the movie, using a movie license from Paramount Pictures for its graphical elements, plot, and music soundtrack. It was released for the PC, the NES, the Game Boy, and many other formats. It was created by Argonaut Software and distributed by Mindscape Group. In 2009 Freeverse released an updated version for iOS.
850	Perfect Candidate, A (1996)	Documentary	A Perfect Candidate is a 1996 documentary about the 1994 U.S. Senate race in Virginia between Democrat Chuck Robb and Republican Oliver North. The film aired on television as part of the PBS series P.O.V. in 1997, earning the network an Emmy Award nomination.
851	Two or Three Things I Know About Her (1966)	Drama	Two or Three Things I Know About Her (French: Deux ou trois choses que je sais d'elle) is a 1967 French New Wave film written and directed by Jean-Luc Godard, one of three features he completed that year. As with the other two (La Chinoise and Weekend), it is considered both socially and stylistically radical. Village Voice critic Amy Taubin considers the film to be among the greatest achievements in filmmaking.
852	Bloody Child, The (1996)	Drama, Thriller	Moon Ga-young (Korean: 문가영; born July 10, 1996) is a South Korean actress and model. In 2005, she started on her career as a child model. The following year, in 2006, she made her debut as a child actress with the film Bloody Reunion. She is best known for her roles in Heartstrings (2011), Exo Next Door (2015), Tempted (2018), Welcome to Waikiki 2 (2019), Find Me in Your Memory (2020), True Beauty (2020–2021), Link: Eat, Love, Kill (2022), The Interest of Love (2022–2023) and My Dearest Nemesis (2025).
853	Braindead (1992)	Comedy, Horror	In 1957, on Skull Island, zoo official Stewart McAlden and his team attempts to smuggle out a Sumatran rat-monkey, a hybrid creature that resulted from the rape of tree monkeys by plague-carrying rats. While fleeing from the island's warrior natives, who demand the creature's return, Stewart is bitten by the rat-monkey. The crew, fearing the effects of the bite, dismembers and kills him. The captured rat-monkey is then shipped to Wellington Zoo in Newtown.In Hataitai, the meek Lionel Cosgrove lives with his domineering mother Vera in a Victorian mansion. To Vera's dismay, Lionel falls in love with Paquita María Sánchez, a Spanish Romani shopkeeper's daughter. When the two go on a date at Wellington Zoo, Vera stalks them and is bitten by the rat-monkey, which she promptly bludgeons with her heel.Over the following days, Vera grows more decrepit and dies before reanimating as a ravenous zombie. Vera devours Paquita's dog and kills the attending nurse, Mrs. McTavish, who also returns as a zombie. Although unable to comprehend what's going on, Lionel keeps them sedated with animal tranquilizers and locked in the basement. He frantically covers the mess as Paquita's grandmother comes over to visit and gives him a pendant for luck. Vera breaks out of the basement and is run over by a tram.Lionel arranges Vera's funeral and burial, keeping her tranquilized to protect the mourners. Later, he returns to the graveyard to administer more tranquilizer, but is beaten by a group of hoodlums who mistake him for a necrophiliac. Vera bursts from her grave and attacks the hoodlums. In the ensuing commotion, the gang leader, "Void," as well as the local priest, Father McGruder, are bitten and become zombies, prompting Lionel to lock them up in the basement as well. After discovering that the nurse and priest have copulated and produced a zombie baby, Lionel breaks up with Paquita to keep her safe.Lionel's uncle, Les, arrives to confront Lionel over Vera's estate. In the basement, Les sees the tranquilized zombies and mistakenly believes them to be dead bodies. He blackmails his nephew into relinquishing the house and his inheritance. Despite Lionel's objections, he invites his friends over for a housewarming party.During the party, Paquita arrives to make amends with Lionel. After discovering the zombies in the basement, Lionel explains the situation to her. She convinces him to use poison to kill the zombies. However, Lionel mistakenly injects them with an animal stimulant instead. The pair narrowly escapes as the invigorated zombies rush upstairs and infect the party guests. Lionel uses a lawn mower to mow through the zombies, while Paquita disposes of the still-hostile zombie body parts with a blender. Les enters the basement, where he is beheaded by Vera, who has now grown to monstrous proportions. Vera erupts from the basement and pursues Lionel and Paquita to the rooftop as the house catches fire from a burst gas pipe.Lionel confronts Vera and reveals that he witnessed her drowning his father and his mistress as a child, which caused his trauma. After he proclaims that he is no longer afraid of her, an enraged Vera stuffs Lionel into her stomach and prepares to kill Paquita. Lionel cuts his way out of his mother's body with the good luck pendant, causing Vera to fall into the burning house.Lionel and Paquita escape the burning rooftop just as the fire brigade arrives. They kiss and then walk away arm in arm.
854	Bad Taste (1987)	Comedy, Horror	After the town of Kaihoro's entire population disappear, the Astro Investigation and Defence Service (AIDS) sends their agents Derek, Frank, Ozzy, and Barry to investigate. They find the town overrun by man-eating space aliens disguised as humans in blue shirts. Barry kills one of the aliens and is attacked by others. After Derek notifies Frank and Ozzy, he begins torturing Robert, an alien they caught earlier. Robert's screaming attracts a number of aliens. Derek kills the would-be rescuers, but he is attacked by Robert and falls off a cliff ledge, to his presumed death.Meanwhile, charity collector Giles passes through Kaihoro. He escapes Robert's attack and comes to nearby house for help, only to get captured by another alien. Giles later wakes up in a tub of water filled with vegetables and is told he is about to be cooked and eaten. Derek wakes up in a seagull's nest with a hole in his head, so he uses a hat to keep his brains from leaking out.That night, Frank, Ozzy, and Barry infiltrate the aliens' house and find a room filled with bloody cardboard boxes, likely containing the corpses of former Kaihoro residents. They kill an alien, and Frank wears its shirt to infiltrate their meeting. He learns that the victims have been harvested for food and hears of their recent hostage, Giles. The alien later dine on Robert's vomit, and the disguised (and disgusted) Frank has to follow suit. He escapes and tells the others of the plan. They save Giles as the aliens sleep.At sunrise, they try to leave but are attacked by the aliens, and a gunfight ensues. Derek emerges and joins the fight, using his belt as a headband when the hat is shot off. He grabs a chainsaw from the boot of his car and heads for the aliens' house. As the group leaves with Giles, the alien leader (Lord Crumb) and his followers morph into their true form and follow. Ozzy uses a rocket launcher to explode Frank's car, which has been overrun by aliens.Frank and Ozzy hunt for Lord Crumb and kill many aliens along the way. Meanwhile, Derek kills an alien with his chainsaw and replaces the missing parts of his brain with its brain. An alien prepares to shoot Frank and Ozzy, but it is beheaded by Derek. Frank and Ozzy are shocked to see him alive, and see he has lost his mind.After they escape the house, Lord Crumb shoots Ozzy in the leg and Frank fires his rocket launcher at the leader, but misses. Lord Crumb knocked out Derek; the house transforms into a giant space ship and blasts off into space.On board, Derek looks out the window to see Earth. He ambushes Crumb and kills the alien with his chainsaw. He proclaims war on the alien, then puts on the alien leader's skin and laughs maniacally as he rockets towards the alien planet. Back on Earth, the survivors drive away in Derek's car.
855	Diva (1981)	Action, Drama, Mystery, Romance, Thriller	A young Parisian postman, Jules, is obsessed with opera, and particularly with Cynthia Hawkins, a beautiful and celebrated American soprano who has never allowed her singing to be recorded. Jules attends a recital where Hawkins sings the aria "Ebben? Ne andrò lontana" from the opera La Wally. He covertly makes a high-quality bootleg recording of her performance using a Nagra professional tape-recorder. Afterwards, he steals the gown she was wearing from her dressing room.Later, Jules accidentally comes into possession of an audio cassette with the recorded testimony of a prostitute, Nadia, which exposes a senior police officer, Commissaire divisionnaire Jean Saporta, as the boss of a drug trafficking and prostitution racket. Nadia drops the cassette in the bag of the postman's moped moments before she is killed by Saporta's two henchmen, "L' Antillais" and "Le Curé" ("The West Indian" and "The Priest").Two police officers, Paula and Zatopek, are now after Jules. Seeking Nadia's cassette, they only know that it incriminates a prominent gangster but not that the gangster is actually their boss. Jules is also being hunted by Saporta's two henchmen, as well as by two Taiwanese men who want his unique and valuable recording of Cynthia Hawkins. Jules seeks refuge from all these pursuers with his new friends, a mysterious bohemian named Serge Gorodish and his companion, Alba, a young Vietnamese-French thief.Jules decides to return Cynthia Hawkins' dress at her luxury hotel. She is initially angry, but eventually forgives him. She is intrigued by Jules' adoration and a kind of romantic relationship develops, expressed by the background of a piano instrumental, as they walk around Paris in the Jardin des Tuileries early one morning. The Taiwanese try to blackmail Cynthia into signing a recording contract with them. Although they do not possess Jules' recording of her performance, they claim they do and threaten to release it as a pirated record if she does not cooperate; she indignantly refuses.Jules is spotted and chased by the two police officers, but he escapes by riding his moped through the Paris Métro system. He takes refuge in the apartment of a prostitute friend (an unnamed character), but flees when he realizes she is part of Saporta's criminal network and will likely betray him; he leaves just before L' Antillais and Le Curé arrive. The enforcers catch up with him and Jules is shot, but Gorodish rescues Jules just before Le Curé can kill him. Gorodish and Alba drive the wounded Jules to a safe house outside Paris, a remote lighthouse, in Gorodish's antique Citroën Traction Avant.Gorodish is now in possession of the recording that incriminates Saporta and he uses it to blackmail the Commissaire. The two meet in a large, abandoned factory; Saporta pays off Gorodish, but intends to kill him – before the meeting, he had placed a remote control bomb under Gorodish's car. The two Taiwanese interrupt them and steal the cassette at gunpoint, believing it to be Jules' recording of Cynthia Hawkins. They attempt to drive away in Gorodish's car, but are killed when Saporta detonates his bomb with the intention of killing Gorodish. Gorodish then drives away in an identical Citroën that he had hidden in advance.Meanwhile, Jules returns to Paris to give Cynthia his bootleg recording, but L'Antillais and Le Curé are lying in wait for him outside her hotel. They abduct Jules and take him back to his loft apartment with the intention of killing him and faking his suicide. However, police officer Paula has been keeping Jules' apartment under surveillance; she saves him by killing Le Curé and wounding L'Antillais. Saporta then appears, kills his surviving henchman, and attempts to kill Jules and Paula, intending to make it look like his henchmen shot them. Gorodish once again saves the day, by tricking Saporta into entering an empty elevator shaft and falling to his death.At the end of the film, Jules meets Cynthia at an empty theatre, where he plays the La Wally recording for her. She expresses her nervousness about it because she had "never heard [herself] sing."
856	Night on Earth (1991)	Comedy, Drama	Night on Earth is a 1991 comedy-drama anthology film written, produced, and directed by Jim Jarmusch. It is a collection of five vignettes that take place roughly simultaneously on the same night, concerning the temporary bond formed between taxi driver and passenger in five cities: Los Angeles, New York City, Paris, Rome, and Helsinki. Jarmusch wrote the screenplay in approximately eight days, and the choice of certain cities was largely based on the actors with whom he wanted to work. The accompanying soundtrack is by Tom Waits. The Criterion Collection released the film on DVD and Blu-ray on April 9, 2019.
857	Paris Was a Woman (1995)	Documentary	American history teacher Kate lives in Canada with her fiancé Charlie, a doctor. When Charlie urges her to accompany him to Paris for an upcoming conference, she declines, partly due to her fear of flying, lactose intolerance and her pending application to become a Canadian citizen.Days later, Charlie calls Kate, saying he has fallen in love with a French woman, Juliette, and will not be returning. Determined to win him back, Kate boards a flight to Paris and is seated next to smarmy Frenchman Luc Teyssier, whom she instantly dislikes. Luc, who comes from a family of vintners, is smuggling a stolen diamond necklace in an American grape vine. He plans to sell the necklace and use the vine to create his own vineyard. Knowing Kate is unlikely to be searched at customs, he hides them in her bag.At the airport in Paris, Luc is spotted by Inspector Jean-Paul Cardon, who offers him a ride home and searches his bag for signs of criminality. Cardon is aware of Luc's profession but encourages him to stop and is unwilling to arrest him because Luc once saved his life.Kate waits for Charlie in the lobby of his hotel, but faints when she sees him kissing the beautiful, glamorous Juliette. A French thief, Bob, steals her luggage while she's out. Luc arrives to retrieve the vine and necklace, and helps Kate identify the thief, whom Luc knows. At Bob's apartment, he admits to having sold her passport and given away her clothes, but the vine is still there.Kate attempts to get help from both the American and Canadian embassies, but she is denied help as she sought Canadian citizenship without disclosing a prior felony conviction for possession of marijuana. She books a train to Cannes to pursue Charlie, who is traveling with Juliette to meet her parents. Luc, having discovered the necklace is not with the vine and must be in Kate's bag, arrives and pretends to be interested in helping her win Charlie back.That night, Kate kisses Luc in her sleep. He is disturbed to realize his attraction to her. In the morning, Kate describes a "delicious dream," while sampling copious amounts of French cheese, but they soon make her ill. The pair get off the train at La Ravelle in Paulhaguet, which Luc reluctantly admits is his hometown. He takes Kate to his family's vineyard. She learns about his family and that he gambled away his rights to the family vineyard in a poker game, but is knowledgeable about wine and has a clear passion for it. As they board the train for Cannes, Kate playfully reveals she found the necklace.Luc advises Kate to mimic the romantic attitudes of French women, who act indifferent toward men and play hard to get. Kate approaches Charlie and Juliette on the beach. She admits to having come to France to win Charlie back, but now claims Luc is her lover and she's realized that the life she was building with Charlie was boring and no longer interests her. That afternoon, Cardon approaches Kate, telling her the necklace is stolen and asking her to hand it over to him so that Luc will not be arrested. She convinces Luc to let her sell the necklace to Cartier.Kate has dinner with Charlie to discuss the details of dividing their shared property in Canada. He is intrigued by her newfound indifference to him, while Luc distracts Juliette. Kate and Charlie go back to her room, but Kate rejects his advances, realizing she no longer loves him. Luc goes to bed with Juliette, but stops when he calls her "Kate."The next morning, Kate tells Luc she has won Charlie back. She returns the necklace to Cardon and then gives Luc a check, supposedly from Cartier, which is actually a check for her life savings. She then leaves with Luc's gratitude and heads for the airport. Cardon approaches Luc, who witnesses Charlie and Juliette reconciling, and reveals what Kate has done for him. Luc finds Kate on the airplane and confesses his love for her. They are last seen kissing passionately on the vineyard they now own together.
858	Amityville: Dollhouse (1996)	Horror	Newlyweds Bill and Claire Martin move their new family into a new house constructed by Bill himself. Shortly after moving in, Bill finds a dollhouse (modeled after 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, New York) in the shed. He brings it into the house and puts it in the garage. Later that night, Bill notices the fireplace in the house turns on by itself, heating the entire home. He has a hallucination of his daughter Jessica burning to death in the fireplace. The following morning, Claire finds the dollhouse in the garage and suggests giving it to Jessica for her birthday, as their car had moved forward in the garage by itself, wrecking the present they'd bought her. At her birthday party, Jessica's aunt Marla and uncle Tobias arrive. Jessica is elated over the dollhouse and finds a chest of miniature dolls inside it. Her aunt and uncle, however, seem inexplicably nervous regarding the toys.In the ensuing days, numerous strange incidents occur: Jimmy, Claire's son, loses his pet mouse, which finds its way into the dollhouse; simultaneously, Jessica is confronted by an enormous white mouse hiding under her bed. Claire also begins to have unexpected sexual urges toward Todd, Bill's teenage son, and fantasizes about him while having sex with Bill. Nightmares plague Bill about voodoo dolls, demons, and his family being murdered. In conversation with Marla, Bill reveals he suffered from similar dreams as a child, including a premonitory dream of his parents dying in a fire, which came true. Jimmy also experiences supernatural visitations from his deceased father, who appears to him as a decaying zombie, urging him to murder Bill.One afternoon, Todd brings his girlfriend, Dana, to the home. While in an exterior shed on the property, the two find newspaper clippings about the foundation on which Bill built their new home: they surmise that the new house was built around the fireplace from the original home. The two begin to have sex, but a large fly attacks them and tries to burrow into Todd's ear. The following evening, Bill and Claire go out for dinner, leaving Todd to babysit Jimmy and Jessica. Todd invites Dana over and sends the children to bed. While Todd makes cocktails in the kitchen, Dana's hair inexplicably catches fire, leaving her in a coma with disfiguring burns. Todd blames his father for the accident, believing a faulty coil in the fireplace's gas line caused it.Meanwhile, Marla and Tobias, who apparently practice magic, have taken one of the dolls from Jessica's dollhouse. They perform a ritual on the doll and watch it come to life, possessed by a demon whom Tobias identifies as “Gamigin”. Objects begin to fly around their home, injuring Marla, and Tobias stabs the doll with a knife, impaling a large fly. Later, Claire finds an unexplained bruise on Jimmy's face and believes Bill hit him. Jimmy tries to tell her that it was his father who hit him because he tried to warn Bill about his father's intention to kill him, but she doesn't believe it. She shuts Bill out of the house, only to be confronted by the zombie of her deceased husband, who ties her and Jimmy up and forces them to sit by the fireplace. Bill attempts to enter the house through the garage but is knocked unconscious by carbon monoxide fumes from his car, which begins running by itself. Tobias arrives at the home and is able to save Bill. The two enter the home: Tobias has the voodoo doll he had taken from the dollhouse with him.Tobias and Bill fight with the zombie, and Tobias calls to Jimmy to get the doll; Jimmy throws the voodoo doll into the fireplace, causing the zombie to disappear. Todd is then visited by an apparition of Dana, who is in the hospital: she attempts to kill him, but Claire intercedes. The family attempts to flee the house but cannot find Jessica. Scrawled on a piece of paper, they find a list of observations Jessica has made about the dollhouse, one of which reads: "My hand disappears in the fireplace." Bill realizes the fireplace is a portal to somewhere else. Bill and Tobias enter the fireplace and realize they have entered the dollhouse. They find Jessica on the floor, surrounded by bloodied remnants of the voodoo dolls. Tobias casts a protective spell, allowing Bill and Jessica to flee: Tobias, however, is dragged away by the demons that have escaped from the dolls, of which Gamigin is the leader. Bill destroys the dollhouse by tossing it into the fireplace. As they flee in their car, the house explodes behind them.
859	April Fool's Day (1986)	Comedy, Horror	On the weekend leading up to April Fools' Day, a group of college friends, consisting of Harvey Edison, Nikki Brashares, Rob Ferris, Skip St. John, Nan Youngblood, Chaz Vyshinski, Kit Graham, and Arch Cummings, gather to celebrate spring break by spending the weekend at the island mansion of Skip's cousin and Vassar student Muffy St. John. As Muffy prepares details around the house, she finds an old jack-in-the-box and recalls receiving the toy at a childhood birthday party. Her friends, meanwhile, joke around on the pier while awaiting the ferry. En route to the island, as their antics become more boisterous, local deckhand Buck is seriously injured in a gruesome accident.Once on the island, it turns out that Muffy has set up a variety of pranks throughout the mansion, ranging from simple gags such as a whoopee cushion and dribble glasses and exploding cigars to more complex and disturbing pranks, such as an audiotape of a baby crying in Nan's room and heroin paraphernalia in Arch's wardrobe. Despite this, the group tries to relax, until Skip goes missing, and Kit catches a glimpse of what looks like his dead body. Soon, Arch and Nan also go missing. During a search for the pair, Nikki falls into the island's well, where she finds the severed heads of Skip and Arch, along with the dead body of Nan. The remaining group members then discover that the phone lines are dead and there is no way to get off the island until Monday.One after another, members of the group either vanish or get killed, and their bodies are later found. After putting some clues together, Kit and Rob realize that everyone's earlier assumption is wrong. It also turns out that Muffy has a violently insane twin sister named Buffy, who has escaped. The "Muffy" they have been around since the first night was Buffy, pretending to be Muffy. They discover Muffy's severed head in the basement.Buffy chases them with a curved butcher's knife, and the couple gets separated. Kit flees from Buffy by escaping into the living room, where she finds everyone else alive and calmly waiting for her. It was all a joke, or more accurately, a dress rehearsal. Muffy reveals that she hopes to turn the mansion into a resort offering a weekend of staged horror. She even had Buck, a friend who does special effects and make-up in Hollywood, help. Each "victim" agreed to participate as things were explained to them. Everyone has a huge laugh, and they break out many bottles of champagne.Later that night, a half-drunk Muffy enters her room and finds a wrapped present on her bed. She unwraps it, and the present is a nondescript jack-in-the-box. Savoring the surprise, she turns the handle slowly and when "Jack" finally pops out, Nan, who knew Muffy from acting class, emerges from behind her and slits her throat with a razor. Muffy screams, but then realizes she is not bleeding and that Nan used a trick razor and stage blood.Lying on its side, the jack-in-the-box winks.
860	Believers, The (1987)	Horror, Thriller	After his wife Lisa dies from an accidental electrocution, psychologist Cal Jamison relocates with his young son, Chris, from Minneapolis to New York City, where Cal begins working as a police psychologist for the New York City Police Department. The city has been plagued by a series of brutal, ritualistic child murders. The first victim is a young boy found murdered in an abandoned movie theater. A policeman named Tom Lopez frantically phones in the discovery of the body, and claims the crimes are being committed by members of a Hispanic cult practicing a malevolent version of brujería. Cal is appointed to examine Tom, who raves about the cult's powerful leader.A second victim is found eviscerated on a makeshift altar beneath a dock in Staten Island. Cal begins to inquire about brujería to Carmen, his housekeeper and nanny, who practices a benevolent form of it, leaving protection charms in the apartment for Cal and Chris. The following day, Tom, paranoid and being followed by mysterious men, stabs himself to death in a diner. Later, Cal and his new girlfriend, Jessica, attend a party where a mysterious Caribbean man, Palo, attempts to steal a necklace from Jessica; shortly before, Jessica had left her compact in the bathroom, and unbeknownst to Jessica, Palo rubs the pad with his fingers. When Cal returns home, he finds Carmen performing a ritual on Chris, and angrily throws her out of the house, despite the fact that she assures him she is attempting to protect him.Chris accompanies his affluent Aunt Kate and Uncle Dennis on a trip to stay at their country home. Meanwhile, Cal and Jessica consult Oscar Sezine, a friend of Tom's, who believes the cult is planning a ritualized murder for the summer solstice in four days time. Oscar performs a purification ritual in an attempt to ensure the safety of Chris, whom he worries may be targeted as a sacrifice for the solstice. The next morning, Jessica finds a boil on her face and falls ill. Before departing to reunite with Kate, Dennis, and Chris in the country, Cal receives a frantic phone call from police lieutenant Sean McTaggert. Cal arrives at McTaggert's apartment, finding it in disarray, and McTaggert seated with a gun, rambling in a paranoid manner. He shows Cal a photo and secret file he uncovered documenting elite businessman Robert Calder's ritual murder of his own son. Cal leaves with the file at McTaggert's insistence. After he leaves, McTaggert commits suicide.Meanwhile, Jessica has a panic attack after the boil on her face bursts and baby spiders break free from the wound. While Cal tends to Jessica in the hospital, Kate leaves him a voice message that she has changed her plans and is going to return Chris to him, but the message is cut short. Unaware Kate has called, Cal departs the hospital with his friend Marty, who drives him to Kate and Dennis's country house. Upon arriving, Dennis tells Cal that Kate has gone to a 24-hour grocery store. In the living room, Dennis recounts his and Kate's travels to the Sudan when Kate was a graduate student, and how they witnessed the power of a human sacrifice after allowing their gravely ill son to be sacrificed to end a drought. Palo and Calder then enter the room, along with a number of other cultists, urging Cal to join, and stating that Chris has been predestined to become a sacrifice.Cal flees the house through an upstairs window after finding Chris no longer in his room. In the boathouse, Cal finds Kate's dead body before he is knocked unconscious by Palo. Cal is driven to an abandoned factory, where Chris's ritual murder is to be carried out among the cult. Cal thwarts the sacrifice by stabbing Dennis to death, and Marty, who followed them to the warehouse, comes to Cal's aid, shooting various cultists  from an upper landing. Calder abducts Chris and the two ascend to the top of the warehouse in a freight elevator. Marty is incapacitated with a blowpipe dart by Palo, but not before he severely burns Palo's face, blinding him. Cal manages to chase Calder into a storage room, stabbing him to death before retrieving Chris. Cal puts Chris down and a blinded Palo attacks Cal, but falls off the scaffolding when Chris coaxes him toward him and is impaled on rebar below. Cal carries Chris and they escape from the warehouse.Some time later, Cal, Jessica and Chris are living happily on a farm in the country, and Jessica is pregnant. Following their barking dog to the barn, Cal investigates the barn loft and finds an altar adorned with religious icons, fresh produce, loaves of bread, and various sacrificed animals. Hearing sounds from below he sees Jessica has come in. She confesses to making the shrine saying "I did it for us. We'll be safe now." Cal stares in shock as the screen fades to black.
861	Nosferatu a Venezia (1986)	Horror	In 1850, Jonathan Harker is an estate agent in Wismar, Germany. His employer, Renfield, tasks him to visit Count Dracula, who wishes to buy a property in the town. Leaving his wife Lucy behind, Harker travels to Transylvania. En route, he stops at an inn, where the locals beg for him to stay away from the accursed castle. Ignoring the villagers' pleas, Harker continues his journey and arrives at Dracula's castle, where he meets the Count, a man with large ears, pale skin, sharp teeth and long fingernails.The Count is enchanted by a small portrait of Lucy and agrees to purchase the Wismar property. As Jonathan's visit progresses, he is haunted at night by several encounters with Dracula. In Wismar, Lucy is tormented by nightmares, plagued by images of impending doom. Meanwhile, Renfield is committed to an asylum, having apparently gone insane and bitten a cow. To Harker's horror, he finds the Count asleep in a coffin, confirming to him that Dracula is indeed a vampire. That night, Dracula leaves for Wismar, taking coffins filled with the cursed earth that he needs for his vampiric rest. Harker finds himself imprisoned in the castle and attempts to escape through a window, severely injuring himself in the process. Taken to a hospital, he becomes increasingly ill.Dracula travels with his coffins by ship to Wismar, systematically killing the ship's crew during the voyage. Death spreads throughout the town on the ship's arrival, which the local doctors, including Abraham Van Helsing, attribute to a plague caused by the rats from the ship, which begin swarming through the streets. The ailing Jonathan is transported home, but does not appear to recognize Lucy and says the sunlight is hurting him. That night, Dracula visits Lucy. Weary and unable to die, he demands some of the love that she gives to Jonathan, to no avail.Now certain that something other than plague is responsible for the deaths, Lucy tries to convince the townspeople, who are skeptical and uninterested as they engage in a danse macabre and have a last supper. From a book given to Jonathan by the Transylvanians, Lucy discovers she can defeat Dracula by distracting him until dawn, at which time the rays of the sun will destroy him, but only at the cost of her own life. Jonathan's illness grows worse as his memory worsens and his skin turns pale. Dracula sends Renfield, who has escaped from the asylum, north to Riga as the forerunner for an outbreak of the Black Death.Lucy spreads crumbled, consecrated Hosts in Dracula's coffins and around Jonathan and the chair he is sitting in. That night, she lures Dracula to her bedroom, where he drinks her blood. She distracts Dracula from the call of the rooster, and at the first light of day he dies. Van Helsing arrives to discover Lucy dead but victorious. He then drives a stake through the heart of Dracula to make sure that Lucy's sacrifice was not in vain. Awakening from his sickness, Jonathan has Van Helsing arrested for Dracula's murder. Getting a maid to sweep away the crumbled Host from around his chair, Jonathan, now a vampire, then states that he has much to do and rides away on horseback, garbed in the same fluttering black as Dracula.
862	Jingle All the Way (1996)	Adventure, Children's, Comedy	In Minneapolis, workaholic mattress salesman Howard Langston loves his wife, Liz, and nine-year-old son, Jamie, but rarely finds time for them. He is often put in a bad light by his neighbor, divorcé Ted Maltin, who harbors unrequited feelings for Liz.  After missing Jamie's karate class graduation due to being pulled over by Officer Hummel, Howard resolves to redeem himself by fulfilling his Christmas wish for a Turbo Man action figure based on the popular television superhero, despite Liz having asked him to buy the toy two weeks earlier, which Howard forgot about. On Christmas Eve, Howard sets out to buy the toy, but finds that every store has sold out, and in the process develops a rivalry with Myron Larabee, a postal worker father with the same goal.In desperation, Howard attempts to buy a figure from a counterfeit ring run by con artists dressed in Santa suits, which results in a massive fight in the warehouse that is broken up by the police. Howard narrowly escapes arrest by posing as an undercover officer. Exhausted at his failure and out of fuel, Howard goes to Mickey's Diner and calls home, intending to tell Liz the truth. Jamie answers the phone but keeps reminding him of his promise to be home on time for the annual Holiday Wintertainment Parade. Losing his patience, Howard yells at Jamie. When he tries to apologize, Jamie scolds him for not keeping his promises, causing Howard to feel guilty.Howard finds Myron at the diner, where they overhear a radio station advertising a competition for a Turbo Man doll. The ensuing fight between them results in the diner's phone getting disconnected, forcing them to race to the radio station on foot, where the DJ reveals that the competition was actually for a Turbo Man gift certificate. The police arrive, but Howard and Myron escape after Myron threatens the officers by pretending one of his packages is a bomb.Upon returning home, Howard finds Ted putting the star on his family's Christmas tree. In retaliation, Howard starts to steal the Turbo Man doll Ted bought for his son, Johnny, but cannot bring himself to do it. Liz catches him in the act, and Howard is left alone while his family goes to the Christmas parade with Ted and Johnny.After dropping off Jamie and Johnny, Ted attempts to seduce Liz, but she rejects him. Meanwhile, remembering his promise to Jamie to go to the parade, Howard decides to attend as well, but runs into Officer Hummell again. The resulting chase leads to Howard hiding inside a storage room, where he is mistaken for the actor portraying Turbo Man. As Turbo Man, Howard uses his chance to present the special edition action figure to Jamie, but they are confronted by Myron dressed as Turbo Man's archenemy, Dementor.Despite Howard's pleas for Myron to stop, another chase ensues, during which Myron grabs the toy from Jamie but is cornered by the police, while Howard rescues Jamie. Howard reveals himself to his family and apologizes for his shortcomings. Officer Hummell returns the toy to Jamie, who decides to give the toy to Myron for his son. The entire parade then praises Howard as Jamie admits his performance as Turbo Man was the best present he could get.In a post-credits scene, Howard finishes decorating their Christmas tree later that night by putting the star on top. After kissing and hugging, Liz says that everything Howard went through for Jamie showed his love for him, and she says that if Howard is willing to go through what he did for the Turbo Man action figure, it makes her wonder, to which Howard asks, "What?" Then she smiles and asks Howard, "What did you get me?" With an alarmed expression, Howard realizes in horror that he completely forgot to buy her a gift, as the screen quickly fades to black, ending the film.
863	Garden of Finzi-Contini, The (Giardino dei Finzi-Contini, Il) (1970)	Drama	The Garden of the Finzi-Continis (Italian: Il giardino dei Finzi-Contini) is an Italian historical novel by Giorgio Bassani, published in 1962. It chronicles the relationships between the narrator and the children of the Finzi-Contini family from the rise of Benito Mussolini until the start of World War II.
864	My Fellow Americans (1996)	Comedy	Republican senator Russell Kramer wins the presidential election, narrowly defeating archrival Democratic governor Matt Douglas. Four years later, Douglas wins a landslide victory over the now-incumbent Kramer. Another four years later, Kramer's former vice president, William Haney, defeats Douglas. Haney's vice president, Ted Matthews, is widely seen as an idiot, and becomes an embarrassment for the administration. Three more years later, Kramer is spending his time writing books and speaking at inconsequential functions, while Douglas is finishing his own book and getting divorced.Meanwhile, the Democratic Party learns about "Olympia", the codename for several bribes that defense contractor Charlie Reynolds paid Haney when he was vice president. DNC chairman Joe Hollis asks Douglas to investigate, offering the support of the Democrats for a presidential run in return for his help. Douglas accepts. Meanwhile, Haney and his Chief of Staff Carl Witnaur plot to frame Kramer for the scandal, despite Haney's private acknowledgment to Witnaur that Kramer had known nothing about it. When rumors begin to suggest that Kramer was involved in Olympia, he begins his own investigation.NSA agent Colonel Tanner has Reynolds assassinated when he attempts to tell Douglas the truth about Olympia. Kramer arrives at the scene to find Douglas with Reynolds' body. Before they can flee, Douglas and Kramer are forced to board Marine One by Tanner, who claims they will be taken to Camp David for their security at Haney's request. During the flight, Douglas realizes they are heading in the wrong direction. They force the pilots to land, disembarking just before the helicopter explodes.Kramer and Douglas are left stranded, aware that the explosion was meant to kill them. They decide to go to Kramer's presidential Library to obtain records the miserly Kramer kept of all meals served during his time in the White House, which will prove Haney was present at a key meeting with Reynolds. On the way, they meet various ordinary Americans and see the effects their terms in office have had. After several close encounters with NSA agents, they arrive at the library and discover the evidence has been tampered with to implicate Kramer. A guard gives Kramer a message from Reynolds' secretary stating that Witnaur had recently met with Reynolds. Douglas and Kramer kidnap Witnaur and with Hollis's help, force him to reveal the plot to frame Kramer, though Witnaur claims to know nothing about the attempts on their lives, blaming Tanner. Initially they decide to report Witnaur's confession to journalist Kaye Griffin, but Douglas, reflecting upon their adventure, convinces Kramer to go directly to the White House to confront Haney personally, seeing it as a chance of redemption for their poor choices as presidents.They sneak into the White House with the help of the Executive Chef and make it to the Executive Residence but discover that Haney is giving a press conference outside. Tanner traps Douglas and Kramer in a guest room but they escape via a secret tunnel while the NSA gives chase. Tanner catches up with them and is about to shoot them when he himself is killed by a Secret Service sniper who has recognized the presidents from a chance encounter at a gay pride parade during their adventure.Douglas and Kramer interrupt Haney's speech and take him to the Oval Office to talk. There they play Haney a tape of Witnaur's confession, but Haney denies knowledge of Reynolds' murder or the helicopter explosion. Haney agrees to resign and gives a resignation speech, citing heart problems. Douglas and Kramer muse that the idiotic Matthews will now become president and realize the only way it could have happened was under these circumstances. The pair confront Matthews, who admits his stupidity is just an act and that he, not Haney, had engineered the entire plot so that he could become president, knowing Haney would take the fall. Douglas secretly tapes his confession, and Matthews goes to prison.Nine months later, Douglas and Kramer are running together as independents in the presidential election, arguing which of them will be the nominee for president. Douglas distracts Kramer by throwing a dollar on the floor, and grabs the microphone to announce himself as the presidential candidate, much to Kramer's chagrin.
865	Ice Storm, The (1997)	Drama	In 1973, two families in an affluent Connecticut suburb experiment with adultery and substance abuse over one Thanksgiving weekend. One family, the Hoods, consists of parents Ben and Elena and their children, Paul and Wendy. Ben is dissatisfied with his marriage and his career.The other family, Jim and Janey Carver and their sons, Mikey and Sandy, are the Hoods’ neighbors and friends. Ben is having an affair with Janey to deal with his midlife dissatisfaction. His wife, Elena, is also bored with her life and looking to bring some excitement back but is unsure how to do so. Young Wendy Hood enjoys sexual games with the Carver boys and with her school peers. Paul Hood has fallen for Libbets Casey, a classmate at the boarding school he attends, though his roommate Francis is also interested in her. Ben thinks Mikey Carver is odd and withdrawn, while Sandy, the younger one, experiments with dangerous objects like toy explosives.When Janey does not show up for a tryst one day, Ben accuses her of losing interest in the affair. Janey reasons she can’t put the tasks and errands of her own family on hold for him. On the Friday night after Thanksgiving, the Hoods have an argument when Elena realizes her husband is having an affair with Janey. Despite the tension between them, the couple go ahead with plans to attend a neighborhood party. Jim and Janey Carver also attend. It turns out to be a "key party", in which married couples swap sexual partners through each woman selecting from a bowl a set of car keys contributed by each man.Ben drinks increasingly as the party progresses. When Janey chooses the keys of a younger man, a drunken Ben becomes agitated and trips on the floor. After being helped up, he retreats to the bathroom to sober up, remaining there for the rest of the evening. Meanwhile, a winter storm begins to descend upon the neighborhood.The other key party participants pair off and leave until only Jim and Elena remain. She retrieves Jim's keys from the bowl and returns them to him. After debating the issue, Jim and Elena leave together, engaging in a quick, clumsy sexual encounter in the front seat of Jim's car. Jim, regretting the line they just crossed, offers to drive Elena home.Wendy makes her way to the Carvers' to see Mikey, but he has ventured out into the ice storm. She finds Sandy, who has a crush on her, alone at home. She asks Sandy to climb into bed with her and they remove their clothing. They drink from a bottle of vodka, and after Sandy proclaims his love for Wendy, they fall asleep together.Paul is invited to Libbets's Manhattan apartment, but upon arriving, he is disappointed to learn that Francis was also invited. Throughout the night the trio drink beer and listen to music. Francis and Libbets also take prescription pills found in Libbets's mother's medicine cabinet. Paul confesses his feelings for Libbets, and in her stupor, she tells Paul she thinks of him as a brother. Paul leaves Libbets and Francis passed out in the apartment and just narrowly makes the train back to New Canaan.Meanwhile, Mikey, out walking in the storm, is enchanted by the beauty of the trees and fields covered in ice. He slides down an icy hill and sits on a guardrail. A moment later, a falling tree takes down a power line, which connects with the guardrail, fatally electrocuting him.Jim and Elena also get stuck due to fallen trees and return to the Carvers' house as dawn breaks. Elena walks in on her daughter in bed with Sandy and tells Wendy to get dressed. Janey has also returned home but is curled up in bed in the fetal position, still wearing her party dress.A sober Ben is driving back to his house when he discovers Mikey's body on the side of the road. He carries the body to the Carvers' house, and the two families are drawn together in grief. Wendy hugs the shocked and numbed Sandy in an attempt to comfort him. Jim is devastated, while Janey remains asleep, oblivious to the news. Ben, Elena, and Wendy later drive to New Canaan station to pick up Paul, whose train was delayed by the power outage. Once all four are together in the car, Ben breaks down and sobs uncontrollably at the wheel as Elena comforts him. Paul watches, assessing the real cause of his father's grief.
866	Michael (1996)	Comedy, Romance	The National Mirror is a tabloid publication that reports primarily on unexplainable phenomena. The editor, Vartan Malt, receives a story tip about a woman living with an angel in her house in a small town in Iowa, and decides to send three staff members to investigate. He chooses Frank Quinlan; Huey Driscoll, a photographer and owner of the Mirror star Sparky the Wonder Dog; and Dorothy Winters, hired by Malt to eventually replace Driscoll.At the boarding house of Pansy Milbank, they meet her tenant Michael. While Michael has wings and smells like cookies, he has an unexpected taste for cigarettes and sugar, seems rather boorish at first, and does not appear clean. When pressed for the type of angel he is, he replies he is an archangel, with Pansy boasting he triumphed over Lucifer in the War in Heaven.After Pansy unexpectedly dies, Frank and Huey decide to take Michael to Chicago. Michael reveals that this was his plan from the beginning. During the trip, Michael's mission on Earth is slowly revealed to be to get Frank and Dorothy together despite both having had bad experiences with love.After Sparky is hit by a truck and killed, Michael brings him back to life. In the process, he uses up his allotment of miracles and begins to weaken. The group reaches Chicago just in time for Michael to see the Sears Tower (which he has always wanted to see) before disappearing. After Frank and Dorothy go their separate ways, Michael returns one more time (this time with Pansy in tow) and gets Frank and Dorothy back together for good.
867	Whole Wide World, The (1996)	Drama	In 1933 Texas school teacher and aspiring writer Novalyne Price is introduced by friends to pulp fiction writer Robert E. Howard. A relationship soon develops between the two but, it is doomed by personality conflicts and life events, such as the terminal illness of Howard's mother.
868	Hearts and Minds (1996)	Drama	Hearts and Minds is a 1974 American documentary film about the Vietnam War directed by Peter Davis. The film's title is based on a quote from President Lyndon B. Johnson: "the ultimate victory will depend on the hearts and minds of the people who actually live out there". It won the Oscar for Best Documentary at the 47th Academy Awards presented in 1975. The film premiered at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival. Commercial distribution was delayed in the United States due to legal issues, including a temporary restraining order obtained by one of the interviewees, former National Security Advisor Walt Rostow, who had claimed through his attorney that the film was "somewhat misleading" and "not representative" and that he had not been given the opportunity to approve the results of his interview. Columbia Pictures refused to distribute the picture, which forced the producers to purchase back the rights and release it by other means. The film was shown in Los Angeles for the one week it needed to be eligible for consideration in the 1974 Academy Awards. In 2018, the film was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."
869	Fools Rush In (1997)	Comedy, Romance	Alex Whitman, a New York City project manager aka architect, is sent to Las Vegas to supervise the construction of a nightclub that his firm has been hired to build. He is a strait-laced WASP-ish type and meets Isabel Fuentes, a free-spirited Mexican-American photographer. Alex and Isabel are immediately attracted to each other and spend the night together. In the morning, Isabel quietly slips away while Alex is still asleep.Three months later, Isabel finds Alex to tell him she is pregnant with his child. She has decided to keep and raise the child alone, although it will disappoint her family. Isabel asks Alex to a family dinner so they can meet her baby's father at least once. He agrees, and despite some cultural differences, he finds himself more attracted to Isabel. Though Isabel is prepared to say goodbye, Alex suggests they pursue a relationship.Alex proposes, and they quickly marry at a Las Vegas wedding chapel, complete with an Elvis impersonator serving as a witness. However, they gradually both wonder if they belong together, especially as Alex struggles to balance his New York-based career with Isabel's desire to stay in Nevada, near her family. Isabel's father disowns her, when he finds out that Isabel is pregnant and eloped without her family's and his consent.In early June, when Alex is at his company's head office, his boss tells him to return on July 1 for a new project and promotion. He secretly agrees to it, although he had promised Isabel they would not go until after the baby is born in October.The newlyweds fight when Isabel finds out why Alex has been so busy and distant. Isabel suffers from a medical complication. While in the hospital, she lets Alex believe she lost the baby and says they're not meant to be together.Distraught, Alex returns to New York while Isabel, who is still pregnant, goes to Mexico to stay with her great-grandmother. After being served with divorce papers, he sees several "signs" such as a priest telling him to watch carefully for guidance, almost tripping over a chihuahua, seeing a photo of the Grand Canyon and finally a young Hispanic girl named Isabel cannot keep her eyes off him. Alex realizes he loves Isabel and wants her more than his career.Alex travels to rural Mexico to find Isabel, unaware she is still pregnant. Her great-grandmother, who only speaks Spanish, reveals that Isabel loves Alex and is driving back to Las Vegas to have her baby (which he only understands as she has returned to Las Vegas). He intercepts her at the Hoover Dam and says he loves her, then realizes she is still pregnant.Isabel suddenly goes into labor and gives birth to a daughter, which coincides with their divorce becoming finalized. Soon after, they remarry with both families present, atop a cliff overlooking the Grand Canyon.
870	Touch (1997)	Romance	A young man, Juvenal, is apparently able to cure the sick by the laying-on of hands. Mysterious stigmata appear from time to time on his flesh.The former evangelist Bill Hill, tired of selling mobile homes for a living, persuades his friend Lynn Faulkner to befriend the innocent ex-monk and encourage him to aim for the big-time. But matters become complicated when the young couple falls in love, and even more complicated when fundamentalist August Murray takes exception to their relationship.
871	Vegas Vacation (1997)	Comedy	After the food preservative that keeps perishable items fresh for years which he helped make has been approved, Clark Griswold earns the bonus promised to him in the previous film from Frank Shirley. He announces to his family that he is taking them on vacation to celebrate and renew wedding vows with his wife Ellen. Excitement wanes, however, when Clark says they are headed to Las Vegas. Ellen and teenage daughter, Audrey, have their doubts, as Las Vegas is not known for its family-friendly atmosphere, while teenage son Rusty appears to be more enthusiastic.Upon arriving in Vegas, the Griswolds attend a Siegfried & Roy show, and they also visit Cousin Eddie, the husband of Ellen's cousin Catherine. Eddie and his family now live in the desert north of Las Vegas, on what used to be a hydrogen-bomb test site. While on a group tour of the Hoover Dam led by guide Arty, Clark becomes separated from the group after accidentally creating a leak in the dam's interior walkways and is forced to climb the scaffolding to the top of the dam to get out. The next night, they are surprised to find that tickets to a Wayne Newton concert have been delivered to their hotel room, along with a dress for Ellen. They go to the concert, only to realize that Newton sent the dress. While singing, he brings Ellen on stage to sing with him and visits their table.The next day, the family agree to an "alone day" and are left to their own devices. Clark goes to a casino and becomes addicted to gambling. Rusty buys a fake ID from a Frank Sinatra look-alike and becomes a winning high roller. Audrey starts hanging out with Eddie's free-spirited exotic dancer daughter Vicki and her friends. Ellen spends time with Wayne Newton, who has feelings for her.Clark gambles away the family's $22,600 bank account, leading a furious Ellen and the kids to desert him. Rusty wins four cars from four separate slot machines, while Audrey goes to a strip club with Vicki and gets a job as a go-go dancer. Eddie — who has money buried in his front yard — tries to come to Clark's rescue in return for everything the Griswolds have done for him and his family. Clark and Eddie go to a casino to get their money back, but Clark gambles away Eddie's money too. He then realizes he no longer cares about getting his money back but needs to get his family back.Clark gathers his family from around Vegas, and they gamble their last two dollars on a game of keno. They sit next to an elderly man who compliments Clark on his family and hints that he has been lonely all of his life. Out of sympathy, Clark tells the man to consider himself part of the Griswold family for the night. The man happily accepts Clark's offer, and both parties begin the game. At first, the Griswolds are optimistic, but as they realize they have lost, they sit together in silence. Suddenly, the man next to them declares that he has won the game. In his burst of joy, he slips in and out of consciousness while Ellen sends Rusty for help. The man revives long enough to whisper a message to Clark. Confused, Clark tells Ellen that the man said "take the ticket" as he winks to Clark. When the casino security guards and paramedics arrive, they declare the man dead. They tell the Griswolds that his name was Mr. Ellis and he would have given anything for a friend.With their newfound winnings, Clark and Ellen renew their wedding vows in the presence of Eddie's family. Clark then gives Eddie $5,000 to repay his kindness. The Griswolds drive home in the four cars Rusty won on the slot machines: a red Dodge Viper, a maroon Ford Mustang, a black Hummer H1, and a white Ford Aspire.
872	Love Jones (1997)	Romance	In Chicago, Darius Lovehall, an aspiring poet, performs at the Sanctuary, a popular nightclub featuring jazz and spoken word. Before taking the stage, he meets Nina Mosley, a talented photographer recently out of a relationship with her ex-fiancé, Marvin. During their first encounter, Darius accidentally spills his drink on Nina but recovers by dedicating his poem, "A Blues for Nina", to her during his set.Intrigued, Darius pursues Nina despite her initial reluctance. He obtains her address through a mutual acquaintance and delivers a CD she was seeking, prompting their first date. Their chemistry leads to an intimate night together, though both remain unsure of their emotional readiness. Darius is guarded and hesitant to reveal vulnerability, while Nina is still processing her breakup with Marvin.Their relationship develops amidst uncertainty, complicated by advice from friends navigating their own relationship challenges. Darius shows Nina his apartment—nicknamed "the Batcave"—and their connection deepens. However, tension arises when Marvin reappears, asking Nina to join him in New York. Hoping to test Darius's feelings, Nina decides to go, but Darius conceals his disappointment.After an unsuccessful attempt to rekindle her relationship with Marvin, Nina returns to Chicago, hoping to reconnect with Darius. She discovers he is now involved with another woman, Lisa. In response, she spends time with Darius's friend, Hollywood, intensifying their rivalry. A confrontation at a party results in Nina leaving in frustration. Darius follows, and they briefly reconcile, sharing a romantic evening at the Blackstone Hotel and a walk by Buckingham Fountain.Despite their reunion, lingering trust issues resurface. Nina discovers Lisa's phone number in Darius's datebook, and anonymous calls heighten her suspicions. Their relationship deteriorates, and they part ways. When Nina receives a job offer from Vibe magazine, she prepares to return to New York. Informed by mutual friend Josie, Darius rushes to Union Station to stop her but arrives too late.A year later, Darius has published his novel, and Nina, now a successful photographer, returns to Chicago for a magazine assignment. Visiting the Sanctuary, she performs a poem reflecting on lost love. Darius, seated in the audience, listens in silence. The two approach each other outside the club in the rain and kiss.
873	Picture Perfect (1997)	Comedy, Romance	Kate is struggling in the advertising business in New York City: she cannot move forward despite her talent. Her boss, Mr. Mercer, passes her up for a promotion because she is "not stable enough". Her coworker, Darcy, invents a story claiming Kate is engaged to Nick, a freelance videographer who lives in Massachusetts, with whom Kate had her picture taken during a friend's wedding.All seems to work out well for Kate, who gets her promotion, but after Nick saves a little girl from a fire and winds up in the news, Kate is asked to bring her alleged fiancé to dinner with Mercer and his wife. She goes to Boston to ask Nick to do it and to "break up" with her during the evening. Nick, who likes Kate, agrees to please Kate. Meanwhile, Sam, a colleague that Kate had always wanted, takes notice of her because she is engaged, and they have sex on two occasions.Nick arrives in New York and stays at Kate's apartment, and as they get to know each other, she starts to like him. When they are at the dinner with Mercer, Nick compliments Kate and expresses his desire for a future with her. Kate just wants their "fight" to happen, and after unsuccessfully trying to incite Nick at the dinner table, she pays a restaurant employee to call her mobile phone and makes out that Nick is having an affair with an ex-girlfriend. Nick figures it out and finally plays along. The next day, after his attempt to woo Kate fails, he returns to Boston.A week later, Kate finds a special gift Nick had left her that prompts her to admit the fake to Mercer and her coworkers, stating that she was dressing for the job she wanted (repeating a line that Mercer had used on her earlier regarding her instability). When she tells him she is quitting, Mercer admits how he had exaggerated his own past at one point in his life. He lets Kate keep her job and suggests she take a few days off to go see Nick.Kate walks in while Nick is recording a church wedding, and he rebuffs her attempts to patch things up until she interrupts the ceremony at a crucial point. Watched by the entire wedding assembly, she apologizes for the way she treated him. He invites her to stay for the wedding reception and dinner afterwards, and they embrace, as the congregation applauds them.
874	Career Girls (1997)	Drama	In 1996, Annie is on the train to London to spend the weekend with Hannah, her flatmate when at polytechnic (the Polytechnic of North London) six years earlier. Hannah laments about her alcoholic mother, and Annie talks about her mother's search for a new boyfriend. Annie, who still lives with her mother, admires Hannah's independence. In contrast, Hannah laments being forced to be independent since she was a child.Back in 1986, Hannah and Claire interview and accept Annie into their flat. Annie and Hannah discuss getting rid of Claire the next year. Hannah and Annie discuss how Hannah hasn't cried since she was eight, when her parents split up. Annie, whose parents also divorced when she was eight, says she cries all the time. The following year, Ricky Burton, a socially awkward person who stutters, has temporarily moved in with Hannah and Annie after being kicked out by his landlord. While discussing psychological traits with them in a pub, Ricky's untactful probing angers Hannah. While Ricky visits the Chinese takeaway beneath the flat, Annie and Hannah discuss the argument and how Ricky fancies Annie. In another memory, Ricky drunkenly confesses his love for Annie, but Annie says she's in love with someone else. Ricky leaves and doesn't reappear, so Hannah and Annie travel to his grandmother's home in Hartlepool. She tells them that Ricky has gone out, possibly along the seafront, so they go to look for him there.In the present, Annie accompanies Hannah as she looks for a flat to buy. One flat is owned by a Mr Evans, whose flat contains a painting of his naked ex-girlfriend and pornographic magazines. Evans hits on Hannah and offers both women alcoholic drinks. They run out of the flat making excuses, and are still laughing as they drive off. At the next flat, Adrian Spinks, an estate agent, meets them. Annie realises he is an old college boyfriend, but Adrian says he doesn't recognise them. In between their conversations, flashbacks show Hannah and Annie's history with Adrian. After meeting him at a club, Hannah takes Adrian home and sleeps with him. The following morning, he walks into Annie's room and tries to chat her up. In other flashbacks, Annie tells Adrian about a recurring sexual fantasy. Later, they kiss and discuss why he split up with his ex-girlfriend: Adrian says he didn't want the commitment, and leaves when Annie asks why.In the present, Hannah and Annie learn that Adrian is married with a child. At a Chinese restaurant, Annie and Hannah discuss how they have changed since university and wonder what happened to Ricky. Annie says she hadn't stopped thinking about Adrian for ten years. Hannah says she was hurt by the situation back then but said she didn't say anything because she knew that Annie was in love with him. In a flashback, Annie and Hannah cry and hug as they pack, preparing to leave their flat at the end of their four years at university.At the present-day dinner, Hannah recalls being overwhelmed upon meeting Annie's kind family, as opposed to her own dysfunctional family. They see their old flatmate Claire jogging on Primrose Hill, and discuss the coincidence of seeing two old acquaintances in one afternoon. They decide to visit their old flat, and there spot Ricky sitting on the steps outside the Chinese takeaway, holding a toy elephant. He seems angry and delirious, and tells them he arrived from Hartlepool the previous day. He says the toy is for his son, but the mother won't admit that the child is his. He tells them that his grandmother died, and, when Annie asks where he lives, responds that they don't care. They leave.In a flashback to their visit to Hartlepool, they find Ricky by the sea. His health, both mental and physical, has deteriorated. He is babbling and no longer the charming witty stutterer. Hannah and Annie ask how he is. He shouts and swears at them that he doesn't care. They chase after him. He is verbally abusive. He screams at them to leave him alone. Later, both Hannah and Annie are moved to tears at his pitiful condition.In the present, they return to the railway station, where they say goodbye to one another.
875	She's So Lovely (1997)	Drama, Romance	Eddie Quinn's unruly wife Maureen drinks and smokes to excess, even though she is pregnant. Eddie has troubles of his own, disappearing for days at a time. When she is physically and sexually assaulted by Kiefer, a neighbor, it is more than Eddie can handle. He shoots someone and lands in a psychiatric hospital.Ten years go by. Eddie finally returns, only to find Maureen is now a clean, sober, solid citizen, married to a new man, Joey, and a mother of three children, one of whom is Eddie's own daughter. Eddie's return complicates and endangers all of their lives.
876	Money Talks (1997)	Action, Comedy	In Los Angeles, Franklin Maurice Hatchett is a fast-talking, foul-mouthed, small-time car wash hustler and ticket scalper who owes money to a local mobster named Carmine. The police are informed of his crimes by investigating news reporter James Russell after Franklin unintentionally thwarts James' attempts to have him confess his crimes on camera, and he is arrested. When placed on a prison transport unit, he is handcuffed to a French criminal named Raymond Villard. The transport unit is attacked on a bridge with mercenaries killing all the police officers and prisoners except for Franklin and Villard; the mercenaries are Villard's men. Because he is handcuffed to Franklin he decides to bring him along, and they escape on a helicopter with another French criminal named Dubray. While on the helicopter, Franklin overhears the two discussing the location of a cache of stolen diamonds. Franklin then jumps out of the helicopter after realizing that Villard and Dubray plan to kill him. Franklin is recognized by police officers but is able to elude them, and he decides to call James after seeing his face in an advertisement.James has just been fired from his job at Channel 12 News after arguing with his boss Barclay, but he convinces Franklin to hide with him because the next week is Sweeps Week. He arranges to get his job back with an exclusive interview with Franklin. Together they attend James' wedding rehearsal dinner, where Franklin meets James' fiancé Grace and ingratiates himself to Grace's father Guy by pretending to be Vic Damone's son. In the meantime, two police detectives question Franklin's girlfriend Paula and wiretap her phone. After calling Paula, Franklin tries to leave but realizes that the police are searching for him, and he convinces James to help him. The two rampage all over the city to find clues to clear Franklin's name, including calling a bomb threat on a European nightclub, getting shot at by the police when they visit Paula, and being chased by Villard and Dubray, who murder a shopkeeper in the process, which eventually gets James' name involved and spread all over the news. The two visit Franklin's childhood friend Aaron, a local arms dealer, who gives them guns and promises to help if they get into trouble. The following morning, Franklin convinces Guy to take him to the auto expo where the Europeans stashed the diamonds (in a Jaguar XK140). Franklin and Guy get into a bidding war with Villard and Dubray over the car with the diamonds inside, which ends with Dubray chaotically chasing Franklin across the city while Villard kidnaps James.Villard then calls Franklin using James' phone and demands the return of his diamonds. Realizing that he has no chance on his own, Franklin calls the police detectives, Carmine, the French mercenaries, and Aaron, telling them all to meet him at the Coliseum. It is revealed that Detective Bobby Pickett is a dirty cop working for Villard. A massive shootout ensues in which both police detectives and Carmine and his crew are all wiped out. Aaron shows up with a henchman, an assault rifle, and an RPG, and proceeds to wipe out most of Villard's men, including Dubray. In the meantime, James manages to escape from Villard's men, after placing several unpinned grenades beneath his helicopter, ready to detonate if he tries to take off. He then reunites with Franklin, saving him from being shot by Villard. However, when cornered once again, Franklin realizes that the diamonds are not worth dying for, and throws them at Villard's remaining men, who drop their weapons and begin grabbing as many as they can. The police arrive in the meantime. Villard tries to escape in the helicopter and the grenades detonate, killing him. In the end, both Franklin and James are cleared and branded as heroes. Franklin saves an unknown amount of the diamonds and puts one on a wedding ring that he gives to James, who marries Grace with Franklin as his best man. Before the credits roll, James (alongside Grace), Guy (alongside Connie), and Franklin (alongside Paula) walk down the stairs presumably heading out on a date.
877	Excess Baggage (1997)	Adventure, Romance	Emily Hope stages her own kidnapping to get the attention of her wealthy, corrupt father, Alexander. Using a gadget that disguises her voice, she instructs Alexander to drop $1 million onto a barge passing under the bridge where he is standing. Alexander does as he is told. Emily tells Alexander that his daughter can be found in the trunk of her BMW 850i, parked in a nearby garage.Before calling the police to come "rescue" her, Emily tapes her ankles and mouth and hides in the trunk of her car. Police descend on the BMW, but before they can get to Emily, professional car thief Vincent Roche steals the vehicle, unaware that someone is in the trunk. As he exits the parking garage, the police pursue him, thinking he is Emily’s kidnapper. Vincent manages to get away when the police crash into each other. The police also bungle the attempt to recover Alexander's money for him.Alexander, who must be in Brussels to close a business deal in two days, arranges the help of Emily’s "Uncle" Ray to find her and bring her home. Meanwhile, Vincent discovers the surprise "baggage" when he heads back to his warehouse hideout and opens the trunk. At the first sight of Emily, Vincent slams the trunk shut and resorts to contacting his partner in crime Greg for help on how to deal with his dilemma. Emily escapes from the trunk and finds her cell phone, learning her father has sent Ray after her.When Vincent returns, Emily accidentally burns down his warehouse with a stray cigarette. The two are forced to go on the run together from Ray and his henchmen.
878	That Darn Cat! (1997)	Children's, Comedy, Mystery	In the quiet Massachusetts town of Edgefield, a pair of bumbling kidnappers break into the house of wealthy Mr. Flint, intending to kidnap his wife and hold her for ransom. However, they mistakenly kidnap his housemaid Lizzie instead.Patti Randall is a troubled teenage girl struggling with the mundanity of her everyday life, and the fact her parents dislike the way she behaves and dresses. Every night, Patti's cat D.C. ("Darn Cat") leaves the house at 8 and causes mischief around the neighborhood, such as teasing dogs, stealing food, and playing with a distracted old lady's birdcage. One night, D.C. walks into the kidnappers' hideout. Seizing her chance, Lizzie attempts to scratch "HELP" on her watch, but stops with the last letter incomplete (resembling a second "L") when the kidnappers' phone rings. She attaches the watch to D.C., who returns home with it.Patti sees the watch the next morning. Knowing of the kidnapping, she deduces it was from Lizzie and was meant to say HELP; however, no one believes her, so she doctors the evidence by turning the last incomplete letter into a "P". Determined to take advantage of the exciting situation and save Lizzie, Patti goes to Boston and pleads her case to Agent Zeke Kelso of the FBI, who believes her. The Captain allows Zeke and his agents to tail D.C. during his nightly prowl in hopes he will show them the way to the kidnappers, but the operation goes nowhere, causing Zeke to be taken off the case. Zeke and Patti unsuccessfully attempt to investigate on their own, and eventually wind up arrested together. Shortly thereafter, Zeke learns that Patti tampered with the watch, and leaves in anger.As punishment for her actions, Patti is grounded until further notice by her mother; distraught, she flees the house and prepares to take a train out of town. However, after a conversation with another runaway, Lu, Patti decides to stay in Edgefield. As she walks home, Patti notices D.C. digging in a garden; he runs off, and she follows him to the kidnapper's hideout, finally discovering Lizzie's whereabouts.Patti calls Zeke for help insisting her cat finally found the kidnapper’s location, but he is still upset with her and refuses to listen and believe her. So Patti decides to enter the hideout to intervene and save Lizzie herself, but the kidnappers return and capture her and D.C. Then after Patti’s parents listens to a voicemail Patti left for them. Patti’s parents report her missing to the police as a run away. After Patti's parents call Zeke to ask if he knows where their daughter has run off to. Zeke also now fears that Patti has met the same fate as Lizzie. So to keep his job, Zeke changes his mind and reopens the case. His investigation leads him to the hideout, where he finds Patti and Lizzie bound and gagged, and D.C. trapped in a litter box.Zeke exposes the identities of the kidnappers as the seemingly harmless "Ma and Pa", the owners of the local candy shop. Ma and Pa kidnapped Lizzie because they had partied away all their cash in Monte Carlo and the Riviera, and were craving both more money and more excitement. Zeke manages to free Patti and D.C. while Ma and Pa escape with Lizzie in their car. D.C., Patti, and Zeke pursue them through the town, but due to an earlier sabotage caused by competing mechanics, the kidnapper's car can only turn left, hindering their escape. During the chase a fence gets knocked down, releasing the crazy local dog Smokey, who runs into the nearby cat show, scaring away all the competing cats. D.C. rallies the show cats to run with him along the roofs of the neighborhood and jump down onto Ma and Pa's car, causing it to crash, foiling their crimes.Ma and Pa are arrested and charged with kidnapping, Lizzie is reunited with the Flints, and Patti and D.C. return home and are hailed as heroes. The town returns to normal; Patti and Zeke become partners, and D.C. mates with the neighborhood cat and fathers a litter of kittens.
879	Peacemaker, The (1997)	Action, Thriller, War	Outside a church celebrating an Eastern Orthodox baptism in Pale, Bosnia, the Bosnian Finance Minister, a moderate pushing for peace in the ongoing Yugoslav Wars, is murdered.At a missile base in Kartaly (Chelyabinsk Oblast), Russia, ten nuclear warheads that belong to a SS-18 Satan ICBM are loaded onto a train for transport to a dismantling facility. However, Russian Army General Aleksandr Kodoroff, along with a rogue Spetznaz unit, kills the soldiers on board and transfers nine warheads to another train.Kodoroff then activates the timer on the remaining warhead and sends the transport on a collision course with a passenger train. The 500-kiloton warhead eventually detonates, killing thousands of civilians and delaying an investigation of the accident.The detonation attracts the attention of the US government. Dr. Julia Kelly, head of the NSC Nuclear Smuggling Group, believes that Chechen terrorists are behind the incident.Former US Army Ranger and Special Forces turned Military Intelligence Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Devoe interrupts her briefing to suggest that the incident was staged to hide the hijacking of the warheads. A call to Devoe's friend and Russian counterpart, FSB Colonel Dimitri Vertikoff, adds reliability to his theory, and he is assigned as Kelly's military liaison.Kelly and Devoe secure information about the terrorists' hijacking operation through an Austrian trucking company that works as a front for the Russian Mafia. They meet Vertikoff in Vienna and assume identities to visit Shummaker, who organizes the Russian trucking.After Devoe tortures Shummaker for information, he and Kelly leave the building and get in Vertikoff's car. They are chased by Shumaker's men, who kill Vertikoff while he is offering a bribe. Devoe shoots at the attackers and drives away but finds he and Kelly are being followed. Another chase ensues, followed by a crash, but Devoe and Kelly escape.Information from the trucking company says that the nukes are going to Iran via Azerbaijan. When US spy satellites place the truck in a traffic jam of refugees in Dagestan, Devoe uses a ruse to identify it. This information is passed on to Russian authorities, hoping to stop the transfer to Iran. The Russian military stops Kodoroff at a roadblock, but he and his men kill the soldiers.Devoe leads an airborne Special Operations team from a U.S. base in Turkey to stop them. Denied entry into Russian airspace, one of the three Special Ops helicopters is shot down by a Russian missile, but the remaining two manage to locate Kodoroff's truck. Firing missiles which disable Kodoroff's truck, they then engage in a gunfight, killing Kodoroff and securing the warheads. However, interrogation of the group's surviving member, a U.S.-educated Pakistani nuclear scientist, reveals that one warhead had been sent off with an operative before the truck was intercepted.The information from the trucking company leads IFOR to a Sarajevo address. Inside is a video cassette of Dušan Gavrić, a Bosnian who disclaims allegiance to any particular faction in the Yugoslav Wars, but blames other countries for supplying weapons to all sides in the conflict. Kelly's further analysis of the trucking company documents suggests that Gavrić intends to bomb a meeting at the UN headquarters in NYC. Gavrić arrives in Manhattan with the Bosnian diplomatic delegation, having replaced the murdered Finance Minister.Gavrić actually wants to avenge the death of his wife and daughter, who died in Sarajevo during a sniper attack. He and his brother are later found by Devoe and Kelly. When his brother is killed by Devoe, a wounded and enraged Gavrić flees into a parochial school. Devoe and Kelly confront Gavrić, who commits suicide, knowing that the bomb is set to go off in minutes.With only seconds to spare, Dr. Kelly manages to remove part of the bomb's explosive lens shell and stop the primary explosion from establishing critical mass within the plutonium core. The primary explosives detonate, wrecking the church, as Devoe and Kelly dive out of a window. However, Kelly's efforts prevent it from causing a nuclear explosion.Kelly later is seen swimming laps in a pool. Devoe stops by and asks her out for a drink, which she accepts.
880	Soul Food (1997)	Drama	Soul Food, told through the eyes of 11-year-old Ahmad, follows the trials of the Joseph family, a close-knit Chicago family that gets together to have Sunday dinner every week, with plenty of soul food to go around. Mother (Big Mama) Joe has three daughters, who each have had varying success in life: oldest daughter Teri has become a successful lawyer but has a strained relationship with younger sister Maxine, Ahmad's mother, who stole and eventually married Teri's former boyfriend, Kenny. Teri is currently married to Miles, a lawyer who quits his job to pursue his dream of being an R&B musician, which Teri doesn't support. Youngest daughter Robin —nicknamed "Bird"—has just opened a barbershop/beauty parlor, and married Lem, an ex-convict.Life becomes complicated when Mother Joe, the diabetic but wise and caring matriarch of the family and the glue that holds it together, suffers a debilitating stroke during an operation to amputate her leg and slips into a coma, dying shortly after sharing a last word of advice with Ahmad when she awakens five weeks later. Without her guidance, the family begins to fall apart in the interim. Teri takes in her troubled cousin Faith, who bonds with Miles over a love of the arts. The two are caught having sex by Teri, which later leads to a near-violent confrontation at Kenny and Maxine's anniversary party when she furiously comes after the two with a knife. Meanwhile, Lem gets fired from his job after being caught lying about his criminal record and cannot find a new one for the same reason, so Bird makes an uneasy deal with her former boyfriend Simuel St. James to get Lem a job. At work, Simuel tells Lem that Bird asked him to hire him and then provokes Lem by making inappropriate remarks about Bird. This leads Lem to assault Simuel, resulting in Lem’s dismissal. When Lem discovers Bird was behind the deal, this leads to a heated confrontation, and during their argument, Teri overhears and mistakenly believes Lem was physically threatening her sister. Teri hires her cousin Blimp to teach Lem a lesson, but when the two men fight, which ends with Lem pulling a gun, the police become involved and Lem is arrested on assault and illegal gun possession charges.Realizing her mistake, Teri calls in a few favors to have Lem released and later apologizes to him. The fighting between Teri and Maxine soon causes the Sunday dinners to stop and the Joseph family tradition to be broken after forty years due to the ongoing tensions. Everything comes to a head when, after Teri decides to sell the Joseph family home rather than get stuck with most of her mother's hospital bills, Maxine and Bird file an injunction to stop the sale, setting the stage for a major legal battle within the family. Throughout all this, Ahmad becomes worried about the state of his extended family and, following Big Mama's passing, conspires to find a way to bring them all back together.Ahmad tells his relatives about a stash of money that Big Mama had hidden away some time ago but everyone dismisses him, believing it to be a myth. However, Ahmad manages to get everyone together for another Sunday dinner by promising them the whereabouts of the money. The dinner is uneasy as everyone starts confronting their issues, and eventually, they realize there is no money. Maxine chastises her son for lying, but Ahmad says tearfully that it was the only way to get everyone back together again, citing it as Big Mama's dying wish. As Maxine comforts her son, the kitchen catches on fire due to Ahmad having accidentally left a towel on the stove, and they all work together to try and to put it out. Just as they finish putting the fire out, Uncle Pete, Big Mama's brother, comes down with his television and drops it to reveal the money that Big Mama had hidden away.Things start to go well for the family. Miles still comes by for Sunday dinner even though he and Teri are divorcing; Lem and Bird are expecting their first child; Teri and Maxine have made peace and the former opts to not sell the family house. Faith is finally becoming part of the family again and Uncle Pete, who never came out of his room, starts to join the family.
881	Money Talks (1997)	Action, Comedy	In Los Angeles, Franklin Maurice Hatchett is a fast-talking, foul-mouthed, small-time car wash hustler and ticket scalper who owes money to a local mobster named Carmine. The police are informed of his crimes by investigating news reporter James Russell after Franklin unintentionally thwarts James' attempts to have him confess his crimes on camera, and he is arrested. When placed on a prison transport unit, he is handcuffed to a French criminal named Raymond Villard. The transport unit is attacked on a bridge with mercenaries killing all the police officers and prisoners except for Franklin and Villard; the mercenaries are Villard's men. Because he is handcuffed to Franklin he decides to bring him along, and they escape on a helicopter with another French criminal named Dubray. While on the helicopter, Franklin overhears the two discussing the location of a cache of stolen diamonds. Franklin then jumps out of the helicopter after realizing that Villard and Dubray plan to kill him. Franklin is recognized by police officers but is able to elude them, and he decides to call James after seeing his face in an advertisement.James has just been fired from his job at Channel 12 News after arguing with his boss Barclay, but he convinces Franklin to hide with him because the next week is Sweeps Week. He arranges to get his job back with an exclusive interview with Franklin. Together they attend James' wedding rehearsal dinner, where Franklin meets James' fiancé Grace and ingratiates himself to Grace's father Guy by pretending to be Vic Damone's son. In the meantime, two police detectives question Franklin's girlfriend Paula and wiretap her phone. After calling Paula, Franklin tries to leave but realizes that the police are searching for him, and he convinces James to help him. The two rampage all over the city to find clues to clear Franklin's name, including calling a bomb threat on a European nightclub, getting shot at by the police when they visit Paula, and being chased by Villard and Dubray, who murder a shopkeeper in the process, which eventually gets James' name involved and spread all over the news. The two visit Franklin's childhood friend Aaron, a local arms dealer, who gives them guns and promises to help if they get into trouble. The following morning, Franklin convinces Guy to take him to the auto expo where the Europeans stashed the diamonds (in a Jaguar XK140). Franklin and Guy get into a bidding war with Villard and Dubray over the car with the diamonds inside, which ends with Dubray chaotically chasing Franklin across the city while Villard kidnaps James.Villard then calls Franklin using James' phone and demands the return of his diamonds. Realizing that he has no chance on his own, Franklin calls the police detectives, Carmine, the French mercenaries, and Aaron, telling them all to meet him at the Coliseum. It is revealed that Detective Bobby Pickett is a dirty cop working for Villard. A massive shootout ensues in which both police detectives and Carmine and his crew are all wiped out. Aaron shows up with a henchman, an assault rifle, and an RPG, and proceeds to wipe out most of Villard's men, including Dubray. In the meantime, James manages to escape from Villard's men, after placing several unpinned grenades beneath his helicopter, ready to detonate if he tries to take off. He then reunites with Franklin, saving him from being shot by Villard. However, when cornered once again, Franklin realizes that the diamonds are not worth dying for, and throws them at Villard's remaining men, who drop their weapons and begin grabbing as many as they can. The police arrive in the meantime. Villard tries to escape in the helicopter and the grenades detonate, killing him. In the end, both Franklin and James are cleared and branded as heroes. Franklin saves an unknown amount of the diamonds and puts one on a wedding ring that he gives to James, who marries Grace with Franklin as his best man. Before the credits roll, James (alongside Grace), Guy (alongside Connie), and Franklin (alongside Paula) walk down the stairs presumably heading out on a date.
882	Washington Square (1997)	Drama	Dr. Austin Sloper is a doctor and resident of a large house on New York's Washington Square. His wife dies in childbirth, leaving a daughter, Catherine, to be raised by her father. As a child, Catherine is overweight, clumsy, and untalented; however, she is also a sweet, affectionate child. She adores her father and tries hard to please him, but he considers her a disappointment and treats her with ironic condescension. His thoughts are still much occupied with his beloved wife and with a promising son who died before Catherine was born, and he privately – but bitterly – resents his only surviving child for causing his wife's death.Now the 1850s, Sloper invites Catherine's widowed aunt, the incurably foolish Lavinia Penniman, to live at Washington Square as a chaperone for Catherine. Catherine becomes a plain young woman who is painfully shy and inept in the social graces expected of someone of her class, despite her aunt's best efforts to instill them. Apart from her sweet nature, Catherine possesses only one obvious attraction: wealth. She receives $10,000 annually from her mother's estate, and will inherit considerably more when her father dies.At a party celebrating her cousin Marian Almond's engagement, Catherine is introduced to a handsome, charming young man named Morris Townsend. He is attentive, respectful, and – to Catherine's obvious astonishment – clearly interested in her. He begins paying regular calls at Washington Square. Before long, the susceptible Catherine falls headlong in love with him. Sloper, however, suspects Townsend of being a fortune hunter, with no intention of pursuing a career. Aunt Lavinia loves melodrama and gets a vicarious thrill from Townsend's attentions; and so, contrary to Sloper's wishes, she does all she can to encourage the relationship, even meeting Townsend secretly to collude with him.Townsend proposes marriage and Sloper refuses to give his consent, telling Catherine he will disinherit her if she marries without it. Catherine doesn't care about the money, but disobeying her father is another matter. She dutifully accompanies Sloper on a Grand Tour of Europe, during which he exhorts her to give Townsend up; she refuses, and a frustrated Sloper speaks to her with such contempt that she finally admits to herself that he despises her. The realization pains her deeply, but also strengthens her resolve to separate herself from him and bestow all her love and loyalty on Townsend.Catherine comes home, determined to marry. When she and Morris are reunited, she convinces him that her father will never relent. Shortly afterward, he backs out of the relationship. When Catherine tearfully confronts him, he admits his mercenary motives outright.Years pass and Catherine has refused at least one respectable offer of marriage. When her father's health fails, she nurses him through his last illness. During his final days, he asks her to promise never to marry Morris Townsend. With quiet dignity, she replies that while she seldom thinks of Townsend, she can't make such a promise. Sloper misunderstands her and alters his will, adding a codicil deploring his daughter's ongoing interest in unscrupulous young men and leaving most of his $300,000 fortune to charity. Catherine is left with only the house and the income from her mother. She isn't offended by the codicil; in fact, at the reading of the will, she laughs.Some time later, Townsend reappears at her doorstep. Catherine, who is now running a daycare center in her house, talks to him briefly. She isn't angry, but she has no interest in renewing their relationship, and tells him so, quietly and firmly. He departs, leaving Catherine to reflect on the passion she once experienced.
883	Telling Lies in America (1997)	Drama	Karchy Jonas is a 17-year-old high-school student and immigrant from Hungary trying to find his way in the world. He meets radio personality Billy Magic, who takes him under his wing. However, unbeknownst to Karchy, authorities are after Billy for accepting payola from record companies to give their songs air time. Billy gives Karchy a part-time job because he realizes that Karchy cheated and lied to win his (Billy's) radio contest, and thus would be a perfect assistant in the scam. Karchy does not realize that his involvement may jeopardize his and his father's prospective U.S. citizenship. Karchy pursues a co-worker at the local grocery store where he works, only to find out that she became engaged to their employer, Henry. Karchy idolizes Billy but ultimately realizes how corrupted, bitter, and cynical he actually is.
884	Year of the Horse (1997)	Documentary	Year of the Horse is a live album by Neil Young and Crazy Horse, following the band on their 1996 tour. It accompanies the film of the same name, but has a different track listing from the film. It peaked at number 57 on the Billboard 200 chart, as well as number 36 on the UK Albums Chart.
885	Phantoms (1998)	Horror	Dr. Jennifer "Jenny" Pailey brings her sister Lisa to Snowfield, Colorado, a small ski resort village nestled in the Rocky Mountains where Jenny works. There, the sisters find no one around but some corpses. They then stumble upon the severed heads of the town baker and his wife in an oven before being found by Sheriff Bryce Hammond, a former FBI agent, and his deputies Stu Wargle and Steve Shanning. Hammond and his deputies are investigating the killings.The group arrives at a nearby hotel and find the writing of a victim on the mirror reading "Timothy Flyte". Shanning leaves to investigate a sound outside but does not return. The others find only his gun, hat and shoes while the rest of him is gone. At the sheriff's office, they request aid and create roadblocks around Snowfield. The group gets a phone call but are interrupted by an attack by a moth-like creature that rips Wargle's face off before Hammond kills it. Lisa later encounters Wargle while in the bathroom. They return to the morgue and find his body missing.Hammond's FBI associates find Flyte, a British academic who theorizes that the town has fallen victim to the Ancient Enemy, an entity he generalizes as "chaos in the flesh". It periodically wipes out civilizations including that of the Mayans and the Roanoke Island colonists.They are joined by an Army commando unit and a group of scientists led by General Copperfield who has come to Snowfield. They, along with Flyte, investigate the town. The creature kills soldiers investigating the sewers, while a dog approaches Flyte and the scientists and transforms into a monster that converts the group, except for Flyte. Flyte regroups with Hammond, Jenny, Lisa, and Copperfield. The creature attacks Copperfield through a manhole, converting him. Copperfield vomits a sample before melting into a puddle of liquid. Through it, Flyte and the group learn the nature of the Enemy.The Enemy is an Earth-based amoebic life form that mimics its absorbed victims while gaining their knowledge. The creature creates Phantoms as temporary detachments for it to act through before absorbing them back into it. Furthermore, the Enemy absorbs all of the thoughts of its victims, making it intelligent, and because of the previous civilizations' perception of it, it believes itself to be a god. It had arranged all of the prior events so Flyte can assist the creature in revealing its existence to the world. The creature's body is physiologically almost identical to crude oil, and could be killed by bacteria bio-engineered to ingest fossil fuels. With the limited amount of the bacteria they have, they need to get it into the nucleus that is within the Enemy's main body.They form a plan to use the Enemy's arrogance and god complex against itself. To do so, Flyte acts as if he is turning against the group by revealing their entire plan to the Enemy. In anger (and believing itself indestructible), it reabsorbs all the Phantoms and emerges from the sewers to assume a Mother Mass form. Hammond and the Pailey sisters fire the bacteria into the Enemy before it retreats underground with Hammond in pursuit.While the sisters find themselves dealing with Wargle's Phantom, Jenny seemingly kills it with a gun containing the bacteria. Hammond finds the Enemy as it has assumed the form of the boy he accidentally killed during an FBI drug raid. When the boy grabs the last vial from him, Hammond shoots at it to expose the creature to its contents. It dies from the bacteria.Though Hammond reassures Lisa and Jenny that it is gone, with the former stating the townsfolk are at peace, Flyte admits that the Enemy did achieve its victory as he has decided to tell the world what happened with a book based on what occurred in Snowfield. Later, watching Flyte being interviewed about his book, The Ancient Enemy, two bar patrons argue about the existence of alien life. Hearing laughter nearby, the patrons turn to see Wargle, who asks if they want to see something interesting.
886	Life Less Ordinary, A (1997)	Romance, Thriller	In Heaven, angels are tasked with ensuring that mortals on Earth find love. The "Captain", Gabriel, is upset at reviewing the file of angel partners O'Reilly and Jackson, all of whose recent cases have ended in divorce or misery. He introduces a radical new incentive: if their next pair does not fall, and stay, in love (which Gabriel admits is a tough case), O'Reilly and Jackson must stay on earth forever.Celine Naville is the spoiled twenty-something daughter of a wealthy businessman, and Robert Lewis is a janitor employed in her father's company. After being fired and replaced by a robot, Robert drowns his sorrows at a local bar. His girlfriend Lily later tells him she is leaving him for her aerobics instructor.Believing that shared peril will bring them together, O'Reilly and Jackson pose as collection agents to repossess Robert's things and evict him from his apartment. Robert storms into Mr. Naville's office and, after wrestling a gun from a security guard, he decides to kidnap Celine. He drives her to a remote cabin in the California woods but, even though she easily slips her restraints, she decides to stick around for the adventure and for revenge against her father, suggesting that they extort a huge ransom.The angels pose as bounty hunters and contract with Mr Naville to retrieve Celine and kill Robert. Robert's first attempt to collect the ransom fails, but Celine encourages him. They go out to a bar, get drunk and sleep together. Afterwards, Robert reveals to Celine his recurring dream where they are both on a game show and she must shoot him through the heart with an arrow.Robert makes a second demand for the ransom, with a letter written in Celine's blood. Mr Naville gives the angels the money, and they go to meet Robert in the forest. To their disappointment, he appears willing to let Celine go in exchange for the money before O'Reilly stops his getaway.While O'Reilly and Celine wait by their car, Jackson takes Robert into the woods to execute him. Before he can, Celine decks O'Reilly, runs into the woods, and knocks Jackson out with a shovel. As Robert and Celine drive away, O'Reilly attacks them. To escape, Robert and Celine jump from the car, which careens off a cliff, with the money still inside.Since they are short of money, Celine decides to rob a bank. The robbery goes smoothly until a security guard shoots at her. Robert pushes her out of the way, taking a bullet in the thigh. Celine hurriedly drives him back to the city to be operated on by Elliott, a dentist who had previously proposed marriage to her. A little later, when Robert regains consciousness, he is appalled to see Celine playing a sexual role-playing game with Elliott. A fight breaks out, and Robert knocks Elliot unconscious. As they drive away, Celine explains that she agreed to Elliot's request only so that he would help Robert. Hurt, Robert gets out of the car and walks away.To get them back together, Jackson writes a love poem in Robert's handwriting and sends it to Celine. Overcome, she runs back to Robert and says he has won her heart. The angels' plan seems to work until Robert says he did not write it. Humiliated, Celine runs out again. Robert runs after her, but is too late: the angels, believing they failed, decide to make their Earth-bound lives bearable by kidnapping Celine for ransom.Robert tracks Celine to their hideout. He knocks O'Reilly down and, struggling with Jackson, tells Celine he loves her. The door is kicked down by Naville's butler, Mayhew, who shoots the two angels in the head. Leaving Celine locked in the trunk, Naville and Mayhew drive Robert and the two angels' bodies to the cabin, planning to fake a murder-suicide.In Heaven, Gabriel's secretary begs him to intervene. Gabriel eventually complies and phones God. A neighbor releases Celine from the trunk and, taking his gun, she runs to the cabin and confronts her father, while Mayhew holds Robert at gunpoint. Celine shoots Mayhew in the shoulder, the bullet somehow passing through Robert's heart en route but leaving him unharmed, just as he had dreamed.O'Reilly and Jackson later come back to life. After Gabriel congratulates them on a successful case, the two angels hold hands as they prepare to return home, suggesting they have also found love together. Robert and Celine retrieve the suitcase full of money, and with it, they settle in a castle in Scotland, shown in the animated end credits.
887	Eve's Bayou (1997)	Drama	Eve Batiste, age 10, lives in a prosperous Creole-American community in Louisiana with her younger brother Poe and her older sister Cisely in the 1960s. Their parents are Roz and Louis, a well-respected doctor in Louisiana's African American community who claims descent from the French aristocrat who founded the town of Eve's Bayou. One night after a raucous party, Eve accidentally witnesses her father having sex with Matty Mereaux, a family friend. However, Cisely, who has a very affectionate relationship with her father, convinces Eve that she misinterpreted an innocent moment. The unreliability of memory and observation remain important themes throughout the film.The summer quickly becomes chaotic and stressful for the Batiste family. Eve's relationship with her parents becomes more strained as she discovers more evidence of her father's serial infidelity. Cisely comes into conflict with both her sister and their mother as she enters puberty and tries to navigate the difficult transition to adulthood, particularly with regard to her appearance and sexuality. Roz eventually begins to suspect her husband's infidelity, prompting conflict between the two as well.Throughout the duration of the film, Eve often seeks refuge with her Aunt Mozelle, who works as a Hoodoo Practitioner with a neighborhood reputation as "The Black Widow". Eve, who also has the Spiritual gift of sight, has a premonitory dream shortly before an accident occurs that claims Mozelle's third husband.Mozelle's gift also brings her into direct conflict with Elzora, a fortuneteller and possible witch with similar abilities. When asked for a reading by Roz, Elzora implies that an unexpected "solution" to her problem will arise, but to wait and look to her children in the meantime. When Mozelle grudgingly makes a similar request, Elzora forces her to look and address the truth she refuses to see. Meanwhile, Eve, frustrated by her father's infidelity, begins to act out, bringing her into conflict with her other family members. Cisely starts to act strangely as well, isolating herself from her family after experiencing her first period.Cisely later confides in Eve the secret behind her strange mood. She tells her that one night, after their parents had a vicious argument, Cisely went to comfort her father and he, while drunk, attempted to molest her. Enraged, Eve seeks out Elzora to commission a voodoo spell to put a fatal curse on her father. While on her way to visit the witch, Eve runs into Lenny Mereaux and questions him about his teaching job that keeps him away from home. In the conversation, she alludes to a possible tryst between his wife Matty and her father.When Eve finally gets to Elzora's home, she finds her to be not as scary as she expected but rather normal instead. While her expectation is to receive a voodoo doll of her father, she is simply told that the curse has been placed per her request. With regret, and in an attempt to save her father, Eve rushes to bring him home after finding him in a bar chatting with Matty Mereaux. At the same time, a drunken Lenny arrives to take Matty home. After a confrontation, Lenny and Matty leave the bar, and Lenny tells Louis that he will kill him if he talks to Matty again. After Louis says goodbye to Matty, Lenny shoots and kills Louis.After her father's funeral, Eve finds a letter which her father wrote to Mozelle, disputing the accusations. In it, he claims that Cisely had come to him that night and kissed him, first as a daughter and then as a lover. In his drunken state, he reacted violently, slapping her and pushing her to the ground, which made her angry with him. Eve confronts Cisely and uses her second sight to discover what really happened. It ends with the sisters holding hands, gazing at the sunset.
888	One Night Stand (1997)	Drama	The film is narrated by Max Carlyle. Max lives in Los Angeles, where he has a successful career directing television commercials and is happily married to Mimi, with whom he has two children. While visiting New York City, Max meets Karen by chance after missing a flight; circumstances keep bringing them together over the course of the evening, and they end up spending the night together. When he returns home, Max seems distant and unhappy, though Mimi can't tell why and Max won't say. A year later, Max and Mimi fly to New York to visit his close friend Charlie, who is near death from AIDS. Max meets Charlie's brother Vernon and is introduced to his new wife—Karen. Facing Karen sends Max into an emotional tailspin, and he realizes that he must tell Mimi the truth about his indiscretion.
889	Tango Lesson, The (1997)	Romance	Sally, a filmmaker and screenwriter suffering from writer's block, is dissatisfied with her film project, a murder mystery called Rage, which features the fashion industry. Taking a break, she travels to Paris, where she sees the dancer Pablo (Pablo Verón) performing tango. She becomes obsessed with the dance and offers Pablo a part in her film in exchange for dance lessons. The two become deeply involved as dancers and as lovers. Their emotional intimacy threatens the success of their dancing together. The film explores the conflict between the woman dancer accepting the man's lead in the dance, while the man must accept the woman's lead in the film. It is a love story and a showcase for Verón's dancing.
890	Mortal Kombat: Annihilation (1997)	Action, Adventure	The Outworld emperor Shao Kahn opens a portal to Earthrealm and has resurrected Queen Sindel, Princess Kitana's long-deceased mother, to facilitate his invasion. Thunder god Raiden and Earthrealm warriors Liu Kang, Sonya Blade, and Johnny Cage try to defend themselves, but Kahn kills Cage. The Earthrealm warriors retreat to seek allies.Sonya Blade enlists the help of her Special Forces partner, Jax, while Kitana and Liu search for a Native American shaman named Nightwolf, who seemingly knows the key to defeating Kahn. Scorpion appears and kidnaps Kitana.Raiden meets with the Elder Gods and asks them why Kahn was allowed to break the tournament rules and force his way into Earthrealm, and how he can be stopped. One says that reuniting Kitana with her mother, Sindel, is the key to breaking Kahn's hold on Earthrealm, but another Elder God insists that the defeat of Kahn himself is the solution. Raiden is then asked by the Elder Gods about his feelings and obligations towards the mortals, and what he would be willing to do to ensure their survival.Liu finds Nightwolf, who teaches him about the power of the Animality, a form of shapeshifting which utilizes the caster's strengths and abilities. To achieve the mindset needed to acquire this power, Liu must pass three tests. The first is a trial of his self-esteem, courage, and focus. The second comes in the form of temptation, which manifests itself in the form of Jade, a mysterious warrior who attempts to seduce Liu and offers her assistance after he resists her advances. Liu accepts Jade's offer and takes her with him to the Elder Gods' temple, where he and his friends meet with Raiden. The third test is never revealed.The Earthrealm warriors learn that Raiden has sacrificed his immortality to freely fight alongside them. Together, they infiltrate Outworld to rescue Kitana and reunite her with Sindel in hopes of restoring her soul and closing the Outworld portal to Earth. Liu rescues Kitana while the others incapacitate Sindel. However, Sindel remains under Kahn's control and escapes during an ambush. Jade reveals herself to be a double agent sent by Kahn to disrupt the heroes' plans. Kahn feeds Jade to a gargoyle for her failure. Raiden reveals that Shao Kahn is his brother and that the former Elder God Shinnok is their father. He realizes that Shinnok is supporting Kahn. Raiden and the Earthrealm warriors make their way to Kahn, Sindel, and his remaining generals. Shinnok demands that Raiden submit to him and restore their broken family, at the expense of his mortal friends. Raiden refuses and is killed by an energy blast from Shao Kahn.Jax, Sonya, and Kitana emerge victorious over Kahn's generals (with Jax defeating Motaro, Kitana defeating her mother, and Sonya defeating Ermac). Liu struggles with Kahn. Liu's Animality proves effective, exposing a cut to Kahn that proves he is now mortal, as a consequence of his breaking the sacred rules. Shinnok attempts to intervene and kill Liu on Kahn's behalf, but two of the Elder Gods arrive, having uncovered Shinnok's treachery. They declare that the fate of Earth shall be decided in Mortal Kombat. Liu defeats Kahn, and Shinnok is banished to the Netherrealm. Earthrealm is instantly reverted to its former state. With Kahn's hold over Sindel broken, she reunites with Kitana. Raiden is revived by the Elder Gods, who bestow upon him his father's former position. Before departing to the immortal realm, he enjoins the Earthrealm warriors to be there for one another. The Earthrealm warriors return home.
891	Bent (1997)	Drama, War	Max is a promiscuous gay man living in 1930s Berlin. He is at odds with his wealthy family because of his homosexuality. One evening, much to the resentment of his boyfriend, Rudy, Max brings home a handsome Sturmabteilung (SA) man. Unfortunately, he does so on the Night of the Long Knives, when Adolf Hitler ordered the assassination of upper echelon SA corps.  The Sturmabteilung man is discovered and killed by SS men in Max and Rudy's apartment, and the two have to flee Berlin.Max's Uncle Freddie has organised new papers for Max, but Max refuses to leave his boyfriend behind. As a result, Max and Rudy are found and arrested by the Gestapo and put on a train headed for Dachau. On the train, Rudy is brutally beaten to death by the guards. As Rudy calls out to Max when he is taken away, Max lies to the guards, denying he is gay. In the camp, Max falls in love with Horst, who shows him the dignity that lies in acknowledging one's beliefs. After Horst's death, Max finds the courage to be true to himself and takes his own life.
892	Flubber (1997)	Children's, Comedy, Fantasy	Absentminded professor Philip Brainard is developing a new energy source, hoping to save Medfield College from closure. His preoccupation with his research has caused him to miss two wedding dates, much to the ire of his fiancée, college president Sara Jean Reynolds. On their third attempted wedding day, Brainard is approached by his former partner Wilson Croft of rival Rutland College, who has profited from stealing his ideas and now intends to steal Sara.While preparing for the wedding, Brainard has a breakthrough with the help of his robot assistant Weebo, who is secretly in love with him. Their experiment results in a sentient green goo with enormous elasticity and kinetic energy, which wreaks havoc on the neighborhood before the professor recaptures it. Weebo classifies the substance as "flying rubber", leading Brainard to christen it "Flubber". Working on Flubber into the following morning, Brainard realizes too late that he has again missed his own wedding. He unsuccessfully attempts to explain his absence to a heartbroken Sara, leaving Brainard determined to prove Flubber's worth and win her back.Medfield College's wealthy sponsor Chester Hoenicker, who is threatening to close the school, sends his henchmen Smith and Wesson to persuade Brainard to give Hoenicker's entitled son Bennett a better grade. Brainard, too busy experimenting with Flubber, unknowingly subdues the goons with a Flubber-coated golf ball and bowling ball. Brainard also uses Flubber to enable his vintage Ford Thunderbird to fly, and overhears Wilson make a flirtatious bet with Sara about Medfield's upcoming basketball game against Rutland.Struggling to confess her feelings for the professor, Weebo creates a holographic human version of herself and tries to kiss a sleeping Brainard, but he awakens with another idea for Flubber. Sneaking into the vacant basketball arena, he tests the effects of Flubber on a basketball and his shoes, allowing him to bounce incredibly far. At the game, he secretly applies Flubber to the abysmally unskilled Medfield team, enabling them to beat Rutland, but his attempt to win back Sara fails. Meanwhile, a mischievous Weebo releases Flubber to dance around the house.Returning home, Brainard talks to Weebo, declaring that his absentmindedness is due to his love for Sara. Weebo, putting the professor's happiness before her own, shows Sara footage of Brainard's declaration, and the couple reconciles. Brainard demonstrates Flubber's abilities to Sara, but Hoenicker has discovered Flubber's profitable potential, offering to buy it and forgive the college's debt. Brainard and Sara refuse, making a deal with the Ford Motor Company instead and saving the school. Hoenicker sends Smith and Wesson to raid Brainard's house, where Weebo attempts to fend them off but is destroyed as they steal Flubber.Mourning the loss of his beloved robot, Brainard discovers a farewell video from Weebo along with a backup of herself, her "daughter" Weebette. Brainard and Sara confront Hoenicker under the guise of selling him additional Flubber, and discover he is in league with Wilson. Unleashing Flubber, Brainard and Sara defeat Wilson, the Hoenickers, and their henchmen. Sometime later, Brainard saves Medfield from closing with Flubber and the happy couple finally have a successful wedding and embark on their honeymoon to Hawaii in the flying Thunderbird with Weebette and Flubber.
893	For Richer or Poorer (1997)	Comedy	New York City millionaire socialite Brad Sexton turns his marriage's 10th anniversary party into a real estate development pitch for "The Holy Land", a theme park modeled after Biblical lore. One of the display's special effects catches a federal judge's wardrobe on fire. Furious, Brad's wife Caroline decides to divorce him.Meanwhile, Brad's accountant Bob Lachman is stealing the Sextons' millions and filing false tax returns. The money manipulations catch the attention of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), and field agent Frank Hall demands to meet Bob and Brad to bring the obligations up to date. Bob makes Brad his scapegoat, since all the tax returns where Bob committed fraud are in Brad's name.Fearing that the Sextons could be fleeing, Hall orders the freezing of their assets. IRS Inspector Derek Lester joins Hall to serve the warrant and bring in the Sextons. Brad flees, steals a cab, and happens to pick up Caroline. The Sextons escape from Hall, Lester, and the police and leave New York. They crash the cab into a swamp and are forced to spend that night sleeping rough, covered in mud. The next day, they find themselves in Intercourse, Pennsylvania, a small Lancaster County-area community of Old Order Amish. After stealing clothes, they masquerade as Jacob and Emma, a family's expected cousins from Missouri. Samuel and Levinia Yoder, along with their sons and daughters, make the pair at home.Gradually, the pair learns to fit in. Brad, with his knowledge of real estate values, helps Samuel's future son-in-law Henner buy some land, and Caroline's knowledge of fashion helps their conservative ordnung relax their colorless dress code.The Sextons rediscover why they fell in love in the first place, largely through their efforts of helping others rather than themselves. As Samuel and Levinia's daughter Rebecca exchanges vows with Henner, the ceremony is interrupted by the police and Hall and Lester. The Sextons are exposed and hauled back to New York to face trial. Brad's attorney Phil Kleinmann reveals that he found Bob in Zürich and had him extradited back to the United States. Bob is hauled into the courtroom by officers to face the Sextons and confesses. Charges against the Sextons are dropped.Brad and Caroline beg the Yoders for forgiveness, to no avail. As they turn to leave, Samuel reveals that he and Levinia knew the whole time of the ruse. They put up with it because it was planting season and they needed the extra help. Brad offers to give his watch as a present only to be told that the Amish cannot accept gifts, only trades. He then trades the watch for Big John, a Belgian horse. Caroline reveals that she is pregnant with their first child.
894	Home Alone 3 (1997)	Children's, Comedy	Peter Beaupre, Alice Ribbons, Burton Jernigan, and Earl Unger are four internationally wanted criminals working for a Hong Kong-based terrorist organization linked to North Korea. In Silicon Valley, California, they steal a $10 million missile-cloaking microchip and hide it inside a radio-controlled car to get the chip past security at San Francisco International Airport. However, a passenger named Mrs. Hess inadvertently takes the criminals' bag containing the car, mistaking it for her identical bag. The criminals arrive in Chicago and systematically search every house in Hess' suburban neighborhood to find the chip.Eight-year-old Alex Pruitt is given the toy car by Hess as payment for shoveling her driveway. He returns home and discovers that he has chicken pox and must stay home from school. The next day, Alex discovers the criminals while spying on his neighbors and calls the police, but they are unable to help. Alex attaches a camera to the car and uses it to spy on them, leading to the criminals chasing it when they see it. Wondering what they want with the toy car, Alex opens it and discovers the stolen chip. He calls the local U.S. Air Force Recruitment Center about the discovery and asks if they can forward the information about the chip to the authorities.The criminals realize that Alex has been watching them and decide to break into the Pruitt house. Alex rigs the house with handmade booby traps with help from his pet rat Doris and his brother Stan's parrot. The criminals break in, spring the traps, and suffer various injuries. While the group pursue Alex around the house, he flees and rescues Hess, who has been taped to a chair in her garage by Alice. Beaupre ambushes Alex, but the latter uses a bubble gun resembling a Glock to scare him off.FBI agents and the police later arrive and arrest Alice, Jernigan, and Unger, having received a tip from the recruitment center. However, Beaupre hides in a makeshift snow fort in the backyard. Stan's parrot discovers him and threatens to light fireworks, which are lined around the inside. Beaupre offers a cracker in exchange for silence, but the parrot demands two. Since Beaupre has only one, the parrot lights the fireworks, alerting the authorities to Beaupre's location.That evening, the Pruitts, Mrs. Hess, and the authorities hold a celebration for Alex as the Pruitt house is being repaired, with Alex's father Jack returning home from a business trip. At the police department, the criminals are shown to have contracted Alex's chicken pox during their mugshots.
895	Scream 2 (1997)	Horror, Thriller	Two Windsor College seniors, Maureen Evans and Phil Stevens, attend a sneak preview of Stab, a film based on the events of the Woodsboro massacre. Briefly exiting the theater to use the restroom, Phil is killed by an individual donning a Ghostface costume, who proceeds to sit beside Maureen in Phil's place. The killer then stabs her repeatedly, unnoticed by the raucous crowd, leading her to climb up on stage in a cry for help, which the audience mistakes for a publicity stunt until she falls dead.The news media, including local journalist Debbie Salt, descend on Windsor College where Sidney Prescott is a student alongside her roommate Hallie McDaniel, her new boyfriend Derek Feldman, fellow Woodsboro survivor Randy Meeks and Derek's friend Mickey Altieri. Two other Woodsboro survivors arrive: police deputy Dewey Riley to offer Sidney protection, and reporter Gale Weathers to cover the incident. Gale and her new cameraman, Joel Jones, unsuccessfully try to stage a confrontation between Sidney and Cotton Weary, who is attempting to gain fame from his exoneration for the rape and murder of Sidney's mother, Maureen Prescott.That evening, Sidney and Hallie attend a party at the sorority house Delta Lambda Zeta. At Omega Beta Zeta, another nearby sorority house, Ghostface murders student Cici Cooper. After the partygoers leave to observe Cici's crime scene, Ghostface enters Delta Lambda Zeta and attacks Sidney. Ghostface injures Derek but flees when the police arrive. Later, after realizing that Cici is a diminutive for Casey, Gale theorizes that the new Ghostface is targeting students with the same names as the Woodsboro murder victims. Randy theorizes that the killer is likely someone Sidney knows and is patterning the homicides after a movie sequel. Soon after, Ghostface calls Gale, Dewey, and Randy while they are together in daylight on the college campus. Despite their attempts to find him, Ghostface ultimately ambushes Randy, pulling him into Joel's media van, where he is murdered. Shortly after, Joel, fearing he will be targeted next, skips town.As night falls over the campus, Dewey and Gale go to a building to review tapes of footage shot by Joel, hoping to spot the killer in the vicinity of the previous crime scenes, but Ghostface attacks them, stabbing Dewey. Two officers driving Sidney and Hallie to a safe house are murdered when Ghostface intercepts the vehicle. In the ensuing struggle, Ghostface is knocked unconscious, but recovers and kills Hallie. Drawn to music playing in the campus theatre while seeking safety, Sidney finds Derek in the auditorium tied to a cross from an earlier fraternity hazing ritual. Ghostface arrives, revealing himself as Mickey, and shoots Derek, killing him.Mickey divulges his intent to kill Sidney and allow his arrest, in an effort to blame movie violence for the murders and become famous from the oncoming trial. Debbie arrives, holding Gale at gunpoint, and is revealed to be Mickey's accomplice, whom Sidney recognizes as Nancy Loomis, the mother of Woodsboro killer Billy. Nancy betrays Mickey and shoots him, affirming that she only used Mickey to frame him for their killing spree. Mickey fires his gun before collapsing, wounding Gale, who falls offstage. Nancy discloses she is seeking revenge against Sidney for killing Billy and that she murdered Randy in Joel's news van for slandering her son's name during their phone call. However, Sidney points out the hypocrisy of Nancy's motives, considering that her abandonment fueled Billy's psychotic tendencies. The pair fight until Cotton appears and holds them at gunpoint. Nancy attempts to manipulate Cotton into murdering Sidney, reminding him that her testimony got him arrested. Much to Nancy's shock, he instead chooses to shoot her in exchange for an interview with Sidney and Diane Sawyer. As Sidney, Cotton, and a recovered Gale glance over Nancy's body, Mickey suddenly resurfaces but is shot to death by Gale and Sidney. Sidney then shoots Nancy in the head to ensure her death.When the police arrive, Dewey is revealed to be alive and Gale climbs into the ambulance with him rather than taking the opportunity to report to the returning Joel. Sidney then instructs the press to direct questions to Cotton to remove attention from herself and reward Cotton for helping her.
896	Sweet Hereafter, The (1997)	Drama	In the small town of Sam Dent, British Columbia, a school bus hits a patch of ice, runs through a barrier and crashes into a lake, killing 14 children. The grieving parents are approached by an out-of-town lawyer, Mitchell Stephens, who is haunted by his dysfunctional relationship with his drug-addicted daughter. Stephens persuades the reluctant parents and bus driver Dolores Driscoll to file a class-action lawsuit against the town and bus company for damages, arguing that the accident is a result of negligence in constructing the barrier or the bus.The case depends on coaching the few surviving witnesses to say the right things in court, particularly Nicole Burnell, a 15-year-old paralyzed from the waist down as a result of the accident. Before the accident, Nicole was an aspiring musician and was being sexually abused by her father, Sam.One bereft parent, Billy Ansel, distrusts Stephens and pressures Sam to drop the case; Nicole overhears their argument. In the pretrial deposition, Nicole unexpectedly accuses the bus driver Dolores of speeding, halting the lawsuit. Stephens and Sam know she is lying but can do nothing. Two years later, Stephens sees Dolores working as a bus driver in a city.
897	Time Tracers (1995)	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi	In 3D computer graphics, ray tracing is a technique for modeling light transport for use in a wide variety of rendering algorithms for generating digital images. On a spectrum of computational cost and visual fidelity, ray tracing-based rendering techniques, such as ray casting, recursive ray tracing, distribution ray tracing, photon mapping and path tracing, are generally slower and higher fidelity than scanline rendering methods. Thus, ray tracing was first deployed in applications where taking a relatively long time to render could be tolerated, such as still CGI images, and film and television visual effects (VFX), but was less suited to real-time applications such as video games, where speed is critical in rendering each frame. Since 2018, however, hardware acceleration for real-time ray tracing has become standard on new commercial graphics cards, and graphics APIs have followed suit, allowing developers to use hybrid ray tracing and rasterization-based rendering in games and other real-time applications with a lesser hit to frame render times. Ray tracing is capable of simulating a variety of optical effects, such as reflection, refraction, soft shadows, scattering, depth of field, motion blur, caustics, ambient occlusion and dispersion phenomena (such as chromatic aberration). It can also be used to trace the path of sound waves in a similar fashion to light waves, making it a viable option for more immersive sound design in video games by rendering realistic reverberation and echoes. In fact, any physical wave or particle phenomenon with approximately linear motion can be simulated with ray tracing. Ray tracing-based rendering techniques that involve sampling light over a domain generate rays or using denoising techniques.
898	Postman, The (1997)	Drama	In the late 20th century, unexplained apocalyptic disasters (implied to be World War III) devastate the world. Most knowledge and technology from the past is lost, and the former United States reverts to an unconnected pre-industrial society.In 2013, a nomad traveling to St. Rose, Oregon wanders the Western U.S., trading performances of long-forgotten Shakespearean plays for food and water. In one town, the nomad is forcibly conscripted into the Holnists, a neo-feudalist militia obsessed with a misinterpreted self-help book that serves as the tyrannical authority in the region, led by General Bethlehem. The nomad, dubbed "Shakespeare" by Bethlehem, faces harassment by Captain Idaho, who mentions Colonel Getty, Bethlehem's second-in-command. Getty once challenged him for the right to lead; Bethlehem won the fight and mutilated Getty by cutting out his tongue and castrating him. The nomad and another conscript are sent to kill a lion, but Idaho arrives and forces the nomad and the conscript to fight to the death. Idaho kills the conscript, but before he can shoot the nomad he is killed by the lion. The nomad escapes by jumping into a river. He takes refuge in an abandoned United States Postal Service Jeep DJ, burning letters and wearing the long-deceased postal carrier's coat to stay warm.Now donning the postal uniform and mail bag, the nomad arrives in the town of Pineview and is held at gunpoint by their leader, Sheriff Briscoe. To avoid execution, the nomad pretends to be a Postman from the newly-restored U.S. government, presenting a letter addressed to elderly villager Irene March as proof. The Postman inspires teenager Ford Lincoln Mercury, who he swears in as a postal carrier and helps reactivate Pineview's abandoned post office. Later that same evening, The Postman is approached by Abby, a lovely and charming young townswoman. She introduces herself and her husband Michael to the Postman. Abby requests he have sex with her to conceive a long-awaited child for the couple, since Michael is sterile and unable to. Though hesitant at first, the Postman eventually agrees to when Abby visits him later that night, seducing him by undressing in front of him. The following morning, after his tryst with Abby, the Postman leaves for the town of Benning, he carries a pile of mail and packages left at the post office by the townspeople. Off in the distance, Abby watches the Postman depart from Pineview looking unhappy and conflicted, but relieved to see him leaving.During a raid on Pineview, General Bethlehem learns of the Postman's claim of a restored government in Minneapolis. Fearing his loss of power if word spreads, Bethlehem has the post office burned to the ground, kills Michael, abducts Abby, and raids Benning looking for the Postman, who he does not know is the nomad. The Postman surrenders, but Abby rescues him, and they flee into the surrounding mountains, where they hibernate through the winter in an abandoned cabin. In the spring, they leave and encounter another postal carrier, who reveals that Mercury has kept the Postal Service alive by recruiting other carriers and opening more post offices, connecting settlements across the former U.S. and inadvertently forming a quasi-society in the "Restored United States".Bethlehem, threatened by the rise of the Restored U.S., persecutes and publicly executes postal carriers. Wracked by guilt for their deaths, the Postman, now effectively the Postmaster General, orders the Postal Service to disband and writes a letter to the militia revealing that it was formed on a lie, but Bethlehem, dismayed upon learning the Restored U.S. has spread as far as California, redoubles his efforts to hunt down the Postman. The Postman, Abby, and a group of young postal carriers travel to Bridge City, escape Holnist scouts with help from the mayor and rally the population to resist Bethlehem.The Postman organizes a Restored U.S. Army to face the Holnists in a pitched battle. Unwilling to allow further bloodshed, the Postman reveals to Bethlehem that he is "Shakespeare" and challenges him to a one-on-one duel for power with their troops as witnesses; per Holnist traditions, Bethlehem accepts. The Postman wins the hand-to-hand fight, but spares Bethlehem's life to maintain morale. Bethlehem tries to shoot the Postman as he turns away, but is shot dead by Getty, who disarms the Holnists.Thirty years later in 2043, the Postman dies at the age of 70. His adult daughter Hope speaks at a ceremony unveiling a memorial honoring his efforts in St. Rose, Oregon, part of the Restored U.S., with the implication that modern society and technology have returned.
899	Winter Guest, The (1997)	Drama	Set in Scotland on one wintry day, the film focuses on eight people; a mother and daughter, Elspeth (Phyllida Law) and Frances (Emma Thompson); two young boys skipping school, Sam (Douglas Murphy) and Tom (Sean Biggerstaff); two old women who frequently attend strangers' funerals, Chloe (Sandra Voe) and Lily (Sheila Reid); and two teenagers Nita (Arlene Cockburn) and Alex (Gary Hollywood). The film consists primarily of the interactions between the characters.
900	Kundun (1997)	Drama	The film has a linear chronology with events spanning from 1937 to 1959; the setting is Tibet, except for brief sequences in China and India. It begins with the search for the 14th mindstream emanation of the Dalai Lama. After a vision by Reting Rinpoche (the regent of Tibet) several lamas disguised as servants discover a promising candidate: a child born to a farming family in the province of Amdo, near the Chinese border.These and other lamas administer a test to the child in which he must select from various objects the ones that belonged to the previous Dalai Lama. The child passes the test, and he and his family are brought to Potala Palace in Lhasa, where he will be installed as Dalai Lama when he comes of age.During the journey, the child becomes homesick and frightened, but is comforted by Reting, who tells him the story of the first Dalai Lama–whom the lamas called "Kundun". As the film progresses, the boy matures in both age and learning. After a brief power struggle in which Reting is imprisoned and dies, the Dalai Lama begins taking a more active role in governance and religious leadership.Meanwhile, the Chinese communists, recently victorious in their revolution, are proclaiming Tibet a traditional part of Imperial China and express their desire to reincorporate it with the newly formed People's Republic of China. Eventually, despite Tibet's pleas to the United Nations, the United States, the United Kingdom, and India for intervention, Chinese Communist forces invade Tibet. The Chinese are initially helpful, but when the Tibetans resist Communist reorganization and reeducation of their society, the Chinese become oppressive.Following a series of atrocities suffered by his people, the Dalai Lama resolves to meet with Chairman Mao Zedong in Beijing. While Mao publicly expresses his sympathies to the Tibetan people and the Dalai Lama, and insists that changes must be made as the Dalai Lama sees fit, relations inevitably deteriorate. During their face-to-face meeting on the final day of the Dalai Lama's visit, Mao makes clear his view that "religion is poison" and that the Tibetans are "poisoned and inferior" because of it.Upon his return to Tibet, the Dalai Lama learns of more horrors perpetrated against his people, who have by now repudiated their treaty with China and begun guerrilla action against the Chinese. After the Chinese make clear their intention to kill him, the Dalai Lama is convinced by his family and his Lord Chamberlain to flee to India.After consulting the Nechung Oracle about the proper escape route, the Dalai Lama and his staff put on disguises and slip out of Lhasa under cover of darkness. During an arduous journey, throughout which they are pursued by the Chinese, the Dalai Lama becomes very ill and experiences two personal visions, first that their trip to India will be propitious and that, similarly, their eventual return to Tibet will also be propitious. The group eventually makes it to a small mountain pass on the Indian border. As the Dalai Lama walks to the guard post, an Indian guard approaches him, salutes, and inquires: "Are you the Lord Buddha?" The Dalai Lama replies with the film's final line: "I think that I am a reflection, like the moon on water. When you see me, and I try to be a good man, you see yourself." Once the Dalai Lama arrives at his new residence, he unpacks his telescope and steps outside. Erecting it and removing his spectacles, he gazes through it toward the Himalayas–and toward Tibet. The film concludes with two lines printed on screen: "The Dalai Lama has not yet returned to Tibet. He hopes one day to make the journey."
901	Mr. Magoo (1997)	Comedy	Mr. Magoo, whose first name is "Quincy", is a fictional cartoon character created at the UPA animation studio in 1949. Voiced for many years by Jim Backus, Mr. Magoo is an elderly, wealthy, short-statured retiree who gets into a series of comical situations as a result of his extreme near-sightedness, compounded by his stubborn refusal to admit the problem. However, through uncanny streaks of luck, the situation always seems to work itself out for him, leaving him no worse than before. Bystanders consequently tend to think that he is a lunatic, rather than just being near-sighted. In later cartoons, he is also an actor, and generally a competent one, except for his visual impairment. Mr. Magoo episodes were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film four times, and received the award twice, for When Magoo Flew (1954) and Magoo's Puddle Jumper (1956). In 2002, TV Guide ranked Mr. Magoo number 29 on its "50 Greatest Cartoon Characters of All Time" list.
902	Big Lebowski, The (1998)	Comedy, Crime, Mystery, Thriller	In 1990 or 1991, slacker and bowler Jeffrey "The Dude" Lebowski is attacked in his Los Angeles home by two enforcers for porn kingpin Jackie Treehorn, to whom a different Jeffrey Lebowski's wife owes money. One enforcer urinates on the Dude's rug before they realize they have the wrong man and leave.After consulting his bowling partners, Vietnam veteran Walter Sobchak and Donny Kerabatsos, the Dude visits philanthropist Jeffrey Lebowski ("the big Lebowski"), requesting compensation for the rug. Lebowski refuses, but the Dude tricks his assistant Brandt into letting him take a similar rug from the mansion. Outside, he meets Bunny, Lebowski's trophy wife and her German nihilist friend Uli. Soon afterward, Bunny is apparently kidnapped and Lebowski hires the Dude to deliver a ransom. That night, another group of thugs ambushes the Dude, taking his replacement rug on behalf of Lebowski's daughter Maude.Convinced the kidnap was a ruse by Bunny, Walter fakes the ransom drop. He and the Dude return to the bowling alley, leaving the briefcase of money in the Dude's car. While they are bowling, the car is stolen. The Dude is confronted by Lebowski, who has an envelope from the kidnappers containing a severed toe, supposedly Bunny's. Maude asks the Dude to help recover the money her father illegally withdrew from the family's charity foundation.The police recover the Dude's car. The briefcase is missing, but the Dude finds a sheet of homework signed by a teenager named Larry Sellers. Walter learns that Larry is the son of Arthur Digby Sellers, a writer for the television show Branded, that Walter reveres. The Dude and Walter visit Larry but get no information from him. Jackie Treehorn's thugs abduct the Dude and bring him to the porn kingpin, who demands to know where Bunny is. The Dude says Bunny faked her kidnapping and Larry has the money, then passes out from a spiked drink Treehorn gave him. He is briefly arrested while wandering intoxicated in Malibu. On his way home, Bunny drives by, unnoticed by the Dude.Maude is waiting for the Dude at his home and has sex with him, wishing to become pregnant by a father with whom she will not have to interact. She tells the Dude that her father has no money of his own; he is dependent on an allowance that Maude gives him from her inheritance from her late mother.The Dude and Walter confront Lebowski and find that Bunny has returned, having simply gone out of town. Bunny's nihilist friends took the opportunity to blackmail her husband, who in turn had tried to embezzle money from the family charity, blaming its disappearance on the blackmailers. The Dude believes the briefcase never contained any money. Walter suspects that Lebowski is faking his paralysis and lifts him out of his wheelchair, but his condition is real.Walter and the Dude are bowling when a rival bowler, Jesus Quintana, interrupts them. Walter had previously stated that he could not bowl on Saturdays since he is shomer Shabbos. Quintana implies that he does not believe Walter's excuse for not bowling on Saturday, threatens Walter and the Dude, and storms out. Outside the bowling alley, the nihilists set fire to the Dude's car and demand the ransom money. Walter fights them off, but Donny dies from a heart attack in the commotion. Unwilling to pay for an urn from the local crematorium, the Dude and Walter opt to put Donny's ashes in a coffee can instead. On a cliff overlooking the Pacific Ocean, Walter eulogizes Donny's death but ruins it by referring to his fallen comrades in Vietnam. As he scatters Donny's ashes, they are blown back onto the Dude by an updraft. As Walter tries to brush off the ashes, the Dude loses his temper and yells at him for everything that has happened. After apologizing and consoling the Dude, the two go bowling.At the bowling alley, the Dude encounters the Stranger, the movie's narrator, who sums up everything that happened in the film and states that while he "didn't like seeing Donny go", he remains inspired by the Dude and that Maude is pregnant with a "little Lebowski on the way".
903	Afterglow (1997)	Drama, Romance	The lives of two unhappily married couples intertwine in Montreal, Canada. The marriage between Lucky Mann, a contractor and his beautiful British wife, former actress Phyllis Hart, has been in a poor state for years. Their relationship fell apart when Phyllis revealed to Lucky that their daughter Cassie was not his biological child. She had her with an actor while Lucky was in the Navy. Cassie ran away to Montreal, and they have not spoken in years. The Manns moved from California to Montreal to find Cassie, but without success. Phyllis is depressed after learning that her daughter's father, actor Jack Dana, recently died. She begins to question her own mortality and goes to see a doctor for a checkup. She also spends her time watching her old films that she starred in with Dana. Phyllis knows Lucky cheats on her with his construction clients, and therefore they have a silent agreement that they will not have sex. Lucky is shown cheating on her with Gloria Marino.Meanwhile, corporate executive Jeffrey Byron and his wife Marianne are also unhappily married. Marianne desires children and is starved of affection by Jeffrey, who seems only to be in love with himself. Jeffrey is depressed and seems to be contemplating his sexuality and, perhaps, suicide. One day after work, Marianne tries to get Jeffrey to have sex with her because she is ovulating, but he denies her. She decides to start preparing a room for a baby in their condo anyway and hires a contractor, who happens to be Lucky Mann, referred to her by her friend Isabel's mother Gloria. She is instantly attracted to him, and they begin an affair. Jeffrey meets Phyllis in a bar where Phyllis had just witnessed Marianne and Lucky on a date. Jeffrey is instantly attracted to Phyllis and seems to have a need to be with an older woman after having shown a sudden attraction to his older secretary, Helene. Marianne is attracted to the older and rugged Lucky. Jeffrey invites Phyllis away for a weekend at a resort. She initially says no and goes home to Lucky. Phyllis tries to sleep with Lucky and he brushes her off, so she tells him that she knows about Marianne. She ends up meeting Jeffrey and going away with him. Once they are at the resort, they meet up with Jeffrey's big cheese client, Bernard Ornay and his mistress Monica Bloom. Ornay also becomes attracted to Phyllis which causes a rift with Jeffrey. Jeffrey and Phyllis look likely to sleep together in her room, but Jeffrey terminates contact after Phyllis responds flirtatiously when Ornay knocks on her door. They leave the resort the next morning.The two couples end up in the same hotel bar, and Jeffrey and Lucky have a physical fight. Marianne and Phyllis leave together and go back to the Byrons' apartment, where Marianne reveals she is pregnant with Lucky's baby. Marianne does not know yet that Phyllis is his wife. Phyllis becomes upset and leaves. Jeffrey and Marianne have sex and reconcile. Lucky finds Cassie and they reconcile. At the end of the story, the same thing that had happened to Phyllis has happened to Marianne. They will both have raised a child with another man that is not the father. Marianne tells her friend Isabel the baby's father is Jeffrey, which reveals she does not plan on telling Lucky that it is his, just as Phyllis had done with Jack Dana. The final scene shows Phyllis in bed crying, knowing that Marianne will have Lucky's baby, and emotional over Cassie coming home.
904	Ma vie en rose (My Life in Pink) (1997)	Comedy, Drama	Pierre and Hanna Fabre move into their dream house with wonderful neighbors and an idyllic community. Their youngest child, Ludovic, identifies as a girl and wants to live as one, despite being assigned male at birth.One day, Ludovic befriends Jérôme, the son of Pierre's boss whose family lives across from the Fabres, and expresses a desire to marry him. When visiting Jérôme's house, Ludovic enters Jérôme's sister's bedroom and puts on one of her dresses, unaware that his parents were preserving the room after her death. Jérôme's mother finds Ludovic, and she and the rest of the neighbors are horrified.The community turns against Ludovic and, by extension, the rest of the Fabre family. After Ludovic stands in as Snow White in a school play, the rest of the parents collectively sign a petition to have Ludovic expelled. Pierre, under strain as an employee of Jérôme's father, is unable to cope and causes conflict within the family. Ludovic is assaulted by the boys on the soccer team in the locker room after a match. Her brother Jean tries to stop it, but is held back.Following a particularly bad argument, Ludovic attempts suicide by hiding in a freezer, but is found in time and allowed to wear a skirt to a neighborhood party. While the other neighbors greet Ludo warmly, Pierre is fired the next day and finds his house graffitied. Ludovic flees, distraught. Hanna blames Ludovic for all that has gone wrong. In order to set her child straight, she cuts Ludovic's hair short. Resentful of her mother, Ludovic goes to live with grandmother Élisabeth. When Ludovic and Élisabeth visit Pierre and Hanna one weekend, Pierre announces that he has a new job, but it is out of town and they have to move.At their new house, Ludovic is befriended by Chris (born Christine) Delvigne, a masculine child. Chris' mother invites Ludovic to Chris' dress-up birthday party, which Ludo attends in a musketeer outfit. Chris, unhappy in a princess outfit, asks Ludo to swap and has the other young party guests force Ludo to do so upon refusal. When Ludovic's mother sees them, she fears that their troubles are beginning again and lashes out by hitting Ludo until the other party guests restrain her.Hanna follows Ludovic to a billboard where she is shocked to see Ludo in the picture, running away with Pam, the Barbie-like protagonist. When she tries to follow her, she falls through the ground and awakens at home. She and Pierre assure Ludo that they will no longer try to control her gender expression. In turn, Ludo assures her mother that she never really intended to run away with Pam. Hanna, happy to see her, accepts Ludo's identity and says Ludo will always be her child.
905	Great Expectations (1998)	Drama, Romance	Ten-year-old Finnegan "Finn" Bell, an orphan being raised by his elder sister Maggie and her boyfriend Joe, is overpowered by an escaped convict while playing on a beach on the Gulf Coast. Finn brings him food, alcohol and bolt cutters to cut the iron shackles off his legs, and is taken hostage. The convict tries to escape to Mexico, but the police see his small boat and, while the convict hides on a buoy, the police tow Finn back to land. Finn sees on the news that the now-recaptured convict was mobster Arthur Lustig, who had escaped from death row.Joe is hired as the gardener at "Paradiso Perduto" ("Lost Paradise" in Italian), the mansion of the richest woman in Florida, Nora Dinsmoor, who has lived as a recluse since her fiancé left her at the altar years before. Finn accompanies Joe and encounters Dinsmoor's young niece, Estella. Dinsmoor invites Finn to come back and play with Estella. She behaves haughtily on Finn's first visit, but her aunt forces her to sit for an impromptu portrait by Finn. Dinsmoor warns Finn that he will fall in love with Estella and his heart will be broken.Several years pass. Maggie runs away from home and Joe raises Finn alone. Finn goes to Paradiso Perduto every Saturday and develops into a talented painter. Although Estella is sporadically flirtatious, even attempting to seduce Finn at one point, she leaves to study in Europe without telling him. Heartbroken, Finn gives up painting and his visits to Paradiso Perduto.Seven years later, a lawyer tells Finn that a gallery owner in New York City wants to show his work. Finn is perplexed but agrees to go. There, he encounters Estella in the park. She is in a relationship with Walter, a wealthy businessman. She resumes her flirtatious behavior toward Finn, posing nude for a portrait in his apartment and arousing Walter's jealousy.Eventually, Finn, frustrated by Estella's evasiveness, lures her away from Walter and the two have sex. She tells him that she is going to visit her aunt, but will return for the opening of Finn's show. However, she fails to appear on opening night. Uncle Joe does appear, though, but Joe's usual unpolished personality now embarrasses Finn. Finn goes to Estella's home in New York hoping to find her, but he finds Ms. Dinsmoor instead, who reveals that she came to New York to attend Estella's wedding with Walter, which upsets Finn. She tells Finn that Estella was using him to make Walter jealous and convince him to marry her. When she realizes how seriously that she has upset him, she is remorseful and apologizes for her manipulation, but it is too late.Back at his studio, Finn finds a strange man wanting to see him, and it turns out to be Lustig. Finn is incredulous at first, then uncomfortable with his presence. As Lustig leaves, his comments make Finn realize that he, not the wealthy Ms. Dinsmoor, has been Finn's benefactor during Finn's entire time in New York. Finn goes with him to the subway station.Waiting for a train, Lustig sees three unsavory acquaintances on the opposite platform. Finn and Lustig outmaneuver them and board a train. They think they are safe, but one of them comes through the car and fatally stabs Lustig. As he bleeds to death in Finn's arms, Lustig reveals that he has been Finn's benefactor in return for the kindness Finn showed him as a child.Devastated, Finn drops everything, goes to Paris to study art and becomes successful. He returns to Florida to visit his Uncle Joe. Ms. Dinsmoor has died, but he visits her house anyway. Sitting in the garden, he thinks that he sees an apparition of Estella as a child. Following the little girl to the back dock, he finds her mother, who turns out to be Estella, now divorced. She admits that she has often thought of him, and asks him to forgive her, which he does. They hold hands, looking out over the sea.
906	Oscar & Lucinda (1997)	Drama, Romance	As a little girl living in Australia, Lucinda Leplastrier is given a glass bead known as a Prince Rupert's drop. This gift sparks a lifelong obsession with glass.Lucinda's parents die when she is young, and she becomes a wealthy heiress after her guardians sell off the vast farmland that was her family's home. She buys a glass factory with her money. But she also takes to gambling after being introduced to it by her accountant.Meanwhile, a young Oscar is being reared as a Plymouth Brother by his father. After receiving a sign from God, he decides to join the Anglican faith. While studying, Oscar is introduced to gambling and becomes highly successful. He uses his winnings to fund his studies and gives the rest to the poor. He earns a scholarship to study in New South Wales. On the boat over, he meets Lucinda and hears her confess to gambling. He says that it is not a sin. They play cards together until Oscar becomes panicked at the sight of a storm.In New South Wales, Oscar loses his scholarship after he is unable to stop gambling. He goes to live with Lucinda, who allows him to work in her glass factory. Inspired by a model of a glass church that she shows him, he asks her to make a lifesize replica to ship to their mutual friend the Revered Dennis Hasset. Oscar bets that  he can deliver it by Good Friday. Lucinda decides that they will each bet their inheritance.Because he fears water, Oscar takes the church mostly over land and water in an expedition led by Mr. Jeffries. He witnesses Jeffries murdering and raping Indigenous Australians. Oscar kills Jeffries in self-defense after the other man attacks him.Oscar successfully delivers the church by the deadline. Weakened upon arrival, he is left in the care of a woman named Miriam Chadwick, who rapes him. In love with Lucinda but fearing that he will have to marry Miriam, Oscar enters the glass church to pray. He falls asleep and is drowned inside when the church sinks; it had been resting on a barge in the water.Miriam gets pregnant from her abuse of Oscar. Hasset burns the papers that confirm the wager with Lucinda, as he did not want Lucinda's money to be inherited by Miriam. She dies shortly after her son is born, whom she names Oscar. The boy is reared by Lucinda.
907	Vermin (1998)	Comedy	The Vermin is a punk rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada. The band formed in 1984 (1986 in some sources) as Vermin From Venus by singer and guitarist Dirk Vermin, and was noted for releasing one of the first independent punk rock albums in Las Vegas, Sex on Planet X. In 1994, Vermin and bassist Rob Ruckus formed a punk cover band called Godboy, and in 1995 the bands merged, adopting the name The Vermin. The band recorded their first album under their new name, Hell or Las Vegas, in 1996 with drummer Anthony Hudak, but Hudak left the band soon after and was immediately replaced with current drummer Gerry "Turbo" Proctor. The band was featured in the low-budget horror film Trans-American Killer in 2005. Singer Dirk Vermin opened Pussykat Tattoo in 1999; the shop, Vermin, and bassist Ruckus are currently featured in the A&E program Bad Ink.
908	Half Baked (1998)	Comedy	Four lifelong stoners and friends (Thurgood, Scarface, Brian, and Kenny) live together in New York City. Thurgood, a janitor at a medical lab, orders some weed from Samson, the famous local dealer, and the four smoke it. When Kenny, a gentle kindergarten teacher, is out on a munchie run, he is arrested for accidentally killing a diabetic police horse called Buttercup by feeding it junk food. His friends are forced to raise 10 percent of $1 million to bail him out before the other prisoners take advantage of his gentle nature. While visiting Kenny in prison, Thurgood meets Mary Jane and pursues a romantic relationship, which is strained by his having to conceal his marijuana smoking from her, as she is adamantly anti-drug.Thurgood gets asked one day by a scientist at the lab to get a pound of cannabis from storage and Thurgood freaks out when he realizes what the scientist had him get. The grateful scientist thanks Thurgood for the good deed by giving him some free weed. Thurgood brings it home and the three friends get high. Scarface gets the idea to have Thurgood steal medical marijuana from his work so that the three of them can sell it to raise money to free Kenny.When the success of the friends' marijuana business grows enough to raise the ire of local drug lord Samson Simpson, Samson extorts them for $20,000 a week, while Mary Jane dumps Thurgood when she finds out he is dealing drugs. The friends plan a robbery of the medical laboratory to increase their earnings enough to both fend off Samson and free Kenny, but are arrested when they try to execute the plan.Thurgood strikes a deal with the police to wear a wire to a meeting with Samson in exchange for freeing Kenny and dropping the charges against him and his friends. They meet with Samson, but their plan is exposed when the police detectives fail to arrive as backup since they are high. However, Thurgood and his friends are able to take out Samson's henchwomen, and Samson is taken out by the ghost of Jerry Garcia. The police detectives arrive soon after to arrest Samson and his henchwomen, while Thurgood and friends are released from police custody. Thurgood meets with Mary Jane to tell her he is giving up marijuana and wants to get back together. The film ends with their reuniting.
909	Dangerous Beauty (1998)	Drama	Veronica Franco is an adventurous, curious, slightly tomboyish young woman in Venice. Her love, Marco, who will be a Senator like his father, cannot marry her because her family is too poor; he marries a foreign noblewoman instead.Paola, Veronica's mother, plans for her family's financial security, as she still requires dowries for her younger daughters and money for her son's commission. Rather than go to a convent, Paola suggests Veronica become a courtesan, a highly paid, cultured prostitute like her mother and grandmother before her.At first Veronica is repelled by the idea, but once she discovers that courtesans are allowed access to libraries and education, she tentatively embraces the idea. Training under her mother's tutelage, Veronica is shown how to seduce men subtly, even from afar.Impressing the powerful men of Venice with her beauty, wit, and compassion, Veronica quickly gains a reputation as a top courtesan. Marco finds it difficult to adjust to his new wife, who is nothing like Veronica, and becomes jealous as Veronica takes his friends and relatives as lovers.Marco's cousin, Maffio, a poor bard who was once publicly upstaged and later rejected by Veronica, attacks her due to envy. They have a duel of words as well of swords, after which Marco rushes to Veronica's aid. Although Marco and Veronica rekindle their romance, she refuses to stop seeing clients and accept his support. Nevertheless, Veronica spends a great deal of time with Marco, neglecting her business and ignoring her mother's warnings that such a relationship is dangerous for her.The Fourth Ottoman–Venetian War (1570–73) breaks out, and the city appeals to France for aid. In order to secure a military alliance, Veronica is encouraged to seduce the King of France, which she does.Accusing Veronica of enjoying being a courtesan, Marco implies she ought to have rejected the King despite the risk to Venice. Veronica points out that she sacrificed their love for the good of the city, while he only did it to protect his family's political standing, so Marco leaves for war angry.Being better connected and educated than the noblewomen left behind, Veronica is called to inform them of the war's progress. Soon ejected from the gathering, she and her noblewoman friend have a private conference, where she is asked to one day train her daughter to be a courtesan. Veronica points out she is not much freer in the end, having to plan to support herself in her old age.While the Venetians are fighting at sea, a plague hits the city. Religious zealots take the war and plague as punishment for the city's moral degradation, and Veronica's home is quarantined and almost ransacked by a mob. Marco returns before Veronica is charged and just before Paola dies of the plague.Veronica is summoned to appear before the Inquisition on charges of witchcraft. Maffio, who is now a monsignor, leads the forces against Veronica, and Marco accuses him of having a personal vendetta against her. Marco declares that if she is guilty, then he—along with many others present―is her accomplice. Even when it appears that she will be executed, Veronica refuses to name her clients. Marco publicly shames the Venetian ministers and senators into admitting their own adulteries and sins by standing up in the assembly. Bewildered by the extent of sin in the city, and unwilling to attack so many powerful men, the Inquisitor drops the charges of witchcraft.Marco and Veronica were lovers the rest of their days.
910	Nil By Mouth (1997)	Drama	In a working-class part of South East London live Raymond; his wife, Valerie; little daughter Michelle; brother-in-law, Billy; mother-in-law, Janet; and grandmother-in-law, Kathy. Billy is a drug addict. He hangs out with his heroin-addict friends and they shoot up together. The family is dysfunctional, mostly because of Raymond's fiery temper and violent outbursts. When Valerie gets pregnant again, she continues to smoke and drink. One night, they score drugs and Billy uses Ray's cocaine. Ray is livid and bites Billy's nose and throws him out of the flat. Billy breaks back in and steals a family heirloom to pay for his drug habit.Valerie goes out on the town, and when Ray sees an attractive male friend of hers, he flies into a jealous rage, ordering her out of the pub and into the car. Back home, he accuses her of sleeping with the male friend, and brutalizes her severely, causing her to miscarry. He tries to win her back, but she leaves him and prepares to start a new life without him. In an alcohol-fuelled rage, he angrily tears their flat apart. He tells Mark, his friend, that the reason for his horrible behavior is his own abusive father, who was the same way with him and his mother. Later, he tries to reconcile with Valerie, but she is outraged, and says that when she reaches 70, she wants to look back on this part of her life, as she is now 30, as a time when she had some fun. What she has, instead, is people feeling sorry for her. Valerie does not want to return to Ray, pointing out they have not got a home to go back to because he has smashed it all up. She will try to find someone to be with who will love her and treat her kindly. Ray goes to see Valerie and asks her if she still loves him. Ray and Valerie are eventually back together again, and Ray has fixed up the flat. Ray speaks as crudely as ever, but seems to be restraining himself from his usual angry outbursts. Billy and his friend Danny rob a man to support their drug habit, and wind up going to prison. This not only reunites Ray with Valerie, but also reunites the whole family. They go off to visit Billy.
911	Twilight (1998)	Crime, Drama	Aging private detective Harry Ross, an ex-cop, is working on a case to return 17-year-old runaway Mel Ames to her parents' home. He tracks down Mel and her sleazy boyfriend, Jeff Willis, at a Mexican resort. During a struggle, Mel accidentally shoots Harry with his pistol, striking him in the upper thigh.The plot picks up two years later when Ross lives in Southern California in the guest quarters of Mel's wealthy parents, Jack and Catherine Ames. They are former movie stars, now in the twilight of their careers. Jack is dying of cancer, which is out of remission, and he and Ross pass the time playing cards.One day, Jack asks a favor of Harry: to deliver a package to an address in Los Angeles. It turns out to be the first development in a series of twists and turns in a 20-year-old case involving the disappearance of Catherine's ex-husband.When Harry arrives at the address, he encounters a man named Ivar, who has just been fatally shot and shoots at Harry. Harry is detained by police, including former colleague Lt. Verna Hollander. At the police station, he runs into another (now retired) old pal and colleague, Raymond Hope.Verna and Raymond are both sympathetic, as they had heard rumors that Harry suffered damage to his genitals when shot in Mexico. Harry explains that he was only shot in the thigh.Harry likes Catherine, who flirts with him from time to time. He acts as an agent for Jack and Catherine, who are being blackmailed by Jeff, now out of prison, and his parole officer, Gloria Lamar.Harry and Catherine have sex for the first (and only) time. Jack angrily realizes this when he has a heart attack that same night, and Catherine responds to his call for help wearing Harry's shirt.Harry, meanwhile, is forced to acknowledge that his friends have deceived and manipulated him.Raymond tries to persuade Harry to get away from it all, but Harry has figured out that Raymond was a conspirator in the murder of Catherine's first husband 20 years before. Raymond shoots at Harry, but Harry kills him first. Following this shooting, Harry reconciles with Catherine and Jack. He leaves town with Verna.
912	U.S. Marshalls (1998)	Action, Thriller	The United States Marshals Service (USMS) is a federal law enforcement agency in the United States. The Marshals Service serves as the enforcement and security arm of the U.S. federal judiciary. It is an agency of the U.S. Department of Justice and operates under the direction of the U.S. attorney general. U.S. Marshals are the original U.S. federal law enforcement officers, created by the Judiciary Act of 1789 during the presidency of George Washington as the "Office of the United States Marshal" under the U.S. district courts. The USMS was established in 1969 to provide guidance and assistance to U.S. Marshals throughout the federal judicial districts. The Marshals Service is primarily responsible for locating and arresting federal suspects, the administration of fugitive operations, the management of criminal assets, the operation of the United States Federal Witness Protection Program and the Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System, the protection of federal courthouses and judicial personnel, and the protection of senior government officials through the Office of Protective Operations. Throughout its history the Marshals have also provided unique security and enforcement services including protecting African American students enrolling in the South during the civil rights movement, escort security for United States Air Force LGM-30 Minuteman missile convoys, law enforcement for the United States Antarctic Program, and protection of the Strategic National Stockpile.
913	Love and Death on Long Island (1997)	Comedy	Giles De'Ath (John Hurt) is a British writer who doesn't use or understand anything modern. One day, he forgets his keys and locks himself out of his flat. It begins to rain, so he goes to see an E. M. Forster movie but, instead, accidentally enters the wrong theatre and sees the teen film Hotpants College II starring Ronnie Bostock (Jason Priestley). He becomes instantly infatuated with Ronnie's beauty and becomes obsessed with the young actor. He goes to his movies in the cinema, buys teen magazines and cuts out pictures of him, and buys a VCR and TV in order to play rented video tapes of his movies. He lets his housekeeper come into his office less and less, so that he can do these things undisturbed.As his infatuation grows, it becomes obvious to those around him that Giles is becoming increasingly disturbed, though they don't know why. His friend and agent suggests that he take a holiday.Giles sets out to meet Ronnie on Long Island. He flies to Long Island and takes a train to Ronnie's home town where he takes a motel room for several weeks. He searches the town for Ronnie - unsuccessfully at first - but finally spots Ronnie's girlfriend and follows her to the supermarket. Giles rams his shopping cart into her to force an introduction and invents a story about his god-daughter, Abigail, being in love with Ronnie. The girlfriend, Audrey (Fiona Loewi), is seemingly glad to have found a fan-base for Ronnie in England, and spends the day talking to Giles. She then tells him that she and Ronnie will invite him over at another time, and they can talk about Ronnie's career.Eventually Giles becomes a regular visitor at Ronnie and Audrey's house. Ronnie is flattered by Giles, and Giles is able to stay longer in his presence by claiming that he will write a new script for Ronnie, one that better suits his acting abilities. Audrey becomes suspicious of Giles's motives regarding Ronnie, and she tells Giles that she is taking Ronnie to see her parents for an extended visit. Giles is very upset, and in a last-ditch effort confronts Ronnie and tells him how he feels about him. He says that many artists have had younger male lovers, and that Ronnie should split up with Audrey because it is obvious to him (Giles) that it won't last. Ronnie rejects Giles but seems genuinely concerned for him. The film ends with a screening of Ronnie's next film: another Hotpants College movie where he quotes Walt Whitman at his mother's funeral as written by Giles. What happens to Giles in the end is not shown.
914	Wild Things (1998)	Crime, Drama, Mystery, Thriller	In the upscale Miami suburb of Blue Bay,  wealthy student Kelly Van Ryan accuses her high school guidance counselor, Sam Lombardo, of raping her. Following the accusation, her outcast classmate Suzie Toller, who comes from a poor family in the Everglades, makes a similar accusation. Sam hires attorney Kenneth Bowden to defend him. At trial, Suzie succumbs to pressure during cross-examination and admits that she and Kelly concocted the false allegations to get revenge on Sam. Suzie was seeking revenge for Sam’s failure to bail her out of jail on a minor drug charge, and Kelly was seeking revenge for Sam’s affair with her mother, real estate heiress Sandra Van Ryan. Sam and Kenneth negotiate an $8.5 million settlement for defamation, which Sandra pays out using funds from a trust Kelly would receive only upon Sandra's death. After the payout, it is revealed that Sam and the two girls were accomplices, using the trial to extort money from Sandra.Police detective Ray Duquette suspects the trio of working on a scam. Against the wishes of the district attorney's office, he continues investigating Sam. He tells Kelly and Suzie that Sam has already transferred the money to an off-shore account. Suzie panics and goes to Kelly, who comforts her. Kelly, however, calls Sam and tells him they may have to get rid of Suzie. In the pool, Suzie attacks Kelly. They fight but eventually end up kissing while unaware Ray is watching them. A few nights later, at the beach, Sam bludgeons Suzie to death while Kelly waits nearby. The two then drive to the swamp, where Sam disposes of the plastic-wrapped body.Ray and his partner, Detective Gloria Perez, investigate Suzie's disappearance. Her blood and teeth are found at the beach, while her car is located abandoned at a bus terminal. The D.A.'s office again insists that Ray drop the case, but he asks Gloria to watch Sam. Sam shows Gloria his files from the school on Kelly, which suggests she is troubled and violent. Meanwhile, Ray goes to the Van Ryans' guest house to confront the scared and upset Kelly, but they end up shooting each other. Sandra rushes over as Ray stumbles out of the house; he has sustained a gunshot wound to the shoulder, while Sandra discovers Kelly dead from two shots to the chest. Ray claims he was forced to shoot Kelly in self-defense. No charges are filed against him, but he is dismissed from the force for disobeying orders.It is revealed that Sam is in cahoots with Ray. Although Sam is displeased that Ray killed Kelly instead of simply framing her for Suzie's murder, he agrees that they now have fewer loose ends to deal with. The two go sailing on Sam's boat, where Sam attempts to kill Ray. When Ray fights back, he is shot and killed with a speargun by Suzie, who staged her murder with Sam. Suzie reveals she was motivated to kill Ray to avenge the murder of her best friend, Davey, whom Ray wrongly shot to death and framed as a self-defense killing. Sam reluctantly accepts a drink from Suzie, who assures him she will not double-cross him; however, upon drinking it, he realizes she has poisoned it before Suzie knocks him overboard and sails into the sunset.Suzie was the ultimate mastermind of the plot: Upon finding that Sam and Kelly were in a sexual relationship, Suzie blackmailed Sam with photographs of the two using drugs during sex, convincing him to help with her scheme. Suzie subsequently orchestrated the meeting between Sam and Ray at a local bar. During her staged murder on the beach, Suzie pulled out her own teeth with pliers to make her death appear legitimate. Ray shot Kelly first before shooting himself in the shoulder to pretend he killed her in self-defense. Finally, with Kelly, Ray, and Sam all dead, Suzie is met by Kenneth, who gives her a briefcase full of cash that he describes as "just walking around money" and a check for millions of dollars. As she leaves, he tells her to "be good" before taking her drink.
915	Primary Colors (1998)	Drama	Henry Burton, a young political idealist and grandson of a civil rights leader, is recruited to join the campaign of Jack Stanton, a charismatic Southern governor trying to win the Democratic Party nomination for President of the United States.Henry is impressed by Jack's genuine warmth and empathy. He joins the governor's inner circle of political advisers: Jack's formidable wife, Susan Stanton; unconventional political strategist, Richard Jemmons; intelligent and attractive spokeswoman, Daisy Green; and sly political operator, Howard Ferguson, as they journey to New Hampshire, the first state to hold a presidential primary.After Jack completes an impressive debate performance against his rivals, Henry's ex-girlfriend shows up to question the governor about his arrest for an anti-war protest at the 1968 Democratic Convention in Chicago. Jack had called a U.S. senator to help him get released, then persuaded the mayor of Chicago to have his police record expunged. The team becomes worried that Jack's past indiscretions may be used against him by the press and his opponents.The Stantons hire an old friend, the tough but unbalanced Libby Holden, to investigate allegations - including Jack's notorious womanizing - that could be used by opponents to undermine him. One of these women, Susan's hairdresser, Cashmere McLeod, produces secret taped conversations with the governor, showing they had an affair. Henry discovers the tapes have been doctored, so Libby tracks down the man responsible and forces him at gunpoint to confess his guilt in a letter to the American public.The campaign is then rocked by a fresh allegation when Jack's old friend, "Fat Willie" McCollister, approaches Henry to tell him that his 17-year-old daughter Loretta, who worked for the Stantons as a babysitter, is pregnant and that Jack is the father. Henry and Howard tell Willie he must allow his daughter to undergo an amniocentesis to determine paternity. Although they persuade Willie to remain silent, Henry is sickened.Realizing Jack is falling behind in the polls, his team adopt an offensive strategy, attacking his nearest rival, Senator Lawrence Harris, for casting anti-Israel votes and favoring cuts in Social Security and Medicare. Harris confronts Jack during a radio talk show in Florida but suffers two heart attacks during the encounter. This medical setback causes his withdrawal from the race. He is replaced by his friend, former Florida governor Fred Picker, whose wholesome, straight-talking image is an immediate threat to Stanton's campaign.Jack and Susan send Henry and Libby on an opposition research mission into Picker's past. They discover he had a cocaine addiction as governor, which led to the disintegration of his first marriage. They also meet with Picker's cocaine supplier, with whom Picker had a homosexual affair.Not expecting the information to ever be used, Libby and Henry share their findings with Jack and Susan, but are dismayed when the couple decides to leak their findings to the press. Libby tells Jack that if he does so, she will reveal that he tampered with the paternity test results, which showed that he had impregnated Willie's daughter. Libby commits suicide after realizing she spent her life idealizing Jack and Susan only to learn how flawed they truly are.Racked with guilt over Libby's death, Jack and Henry take the incriminating information to Picker, and apologize for seeking it out. Picker admits to his past indiscretions, deciding to withdraw from the race and endorse Jack. Henry intends to quit the campaign, as he has become deeply disillusioned with the political process. Jack begs Henry to reconsider, saying they can make history.Months later, President Jack Stanton is dancing at the inaugural ball with Susan. He shakes the hands of his campaign staff, the last of whom is Henry.
916	Lost in Space (1998)	Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller	In 2058, Earth will soon be uninhabitable due to the irreversible effects of pollution and ozone depletion. In an effort to save humanity, the United Global Space Force sends Professor John Robinson, his wife Maureen, daughters Judy and Penny, and young prodigy son Will on the spaceship Jupiter II to complete construction of a hypergate over the planet Alpha Prime, which will allow the population of Earth to be instantly transported and populate the new planet. Penny rebels by breaking curfew, while Will's prize-winning science experiment involving time travel goes largely unnoticed by John. Global Sedition, a mutant terrorist group, assassinates the Jupiter II's pilot, who is replaced by hotshot fighter pilot Major Don West, to his chagrin.The family's physician Dr. Zachary Smith, a Sedition spy, sabotages the ship's on-board robot before launch, but is betrayed by his cohorts and left unconscious as the ship launches and the family enters cryosleep. The robot activates and begins to destroy the navigation and guidance systems, en route to destroying the family. Smith awakens the Robinsons and West, who subdue the robot, but the ship is falling uncontrollably into the Sun. Forced to use the experimental hyperdrive with an unplotted course, the ship is transported through hyperspace to a remote planet in an uncharted part of the universe.Passing through a strange distortion in space, the crew finds two abandoned ships in orbit: the Earth ship Proteus, and another ship clearly not of human origin. They board the Proteus, with Will controlling the now-modified robot. They find navigational data to reach Alpha Prime, and a camouflaging creature Penny calls "Blarp", along with evidence suggesting the ship is from the future. They are attacked by spider-like creatures; one scratches Smith, and the robot's body is irreparably damaged but Will saves its computerized intelligence.West destroys the vessel to eradicate the spiders, causing the ship to crash-land on the nearby planet, where another distortion appears. Will theorizes they are distortions in time, as his experiment predicted, but John ignores his input. Exploring the time bubble, he and West encounter a future version of Will and a robot he rebuilt with the saved intelligence. The older Will explains that surviving spiders killed Maureen, Penny, and Judy. Constructing a time machine, the future Will intends to return to Earth to prevent Jupiter II from launching.Young Will and Smith investigate the time bubble on their own. Smith tricks Will into handing over his weapon, but is foiled by a future version of himself, transformed by his spider injury into a spider-like creature, who has been protecting Will since the rest of the family was killed. The present Will and West return to the Jupiter II with an injured Smith and the robot in tow, while the future Smith reveals his true plan: He killed the Robinsons, but kept Will alive to build the time machine, so Smith could return to Earth and populate it with a race of spiders.John, remembering that spiders eat their wounded, rips open Smith's egg sac with a trophy Will turned into a weapon. Smith's spider army devours him and he is thrown into the plasmic ring around the time portal, ripping him apart. The planet's increasing instability forces the Jupiter II to take off, but they are unable to reach escape velocity and are destroyed by the planet's debris. Realizing his father never actually abandoned them, Will sets the time machine to send John back to his family, but there is only enough power for one person. Saying goodbye to his family, the future Will is killed by falling debris, and John reunites with his living family.Realizing they do not have enough power to escape the planet's gravitational pull, John suggests they drive the ship down through the planet, using the gravity well to slingshot them back into space. They are successful, but the planet turns into a black hole, and they activate the hyperdrive to escape. Using the Proteus’ navigational data to set a potential course for Alpha Prime, the ship blasts off into hyperspace.
917	Mercury Rising (1998)	Action, Drama, Thriller	In South Dakota, FBI agent Art Jeffries goes undercover during a hostage situation involving a group of bank robbers led by anti-government extremist Edgar Halstrom. Despite his pleas for more negotiation time, the FBI storms the building, resulting in the deaths of the suspects and Edgar's reluctant son, James. Jeffries, enraged by the mishandling of the operation, assaults his superior and is reassigned to desk duty.Years later, in Chicago, nine-year-old Simon Lynch, an autistic savant, solves a complex puzzle in a government-issued magazine, inadvertently cracking a new NSA encryption code known as Mercury. The code's creators, Dean Crandell and Leo Pedranski, are reprimanded by their superior, Colonel Nick Kudrow, who deems Simon a security threat. Kudrow dispatches assassins to eliminate Simon and his family. Simon’s parents are killed, but Simon survives by hiding in a crawlspace. The scene is staged to resemble a murder–suicide.Jeffries is assigned to the case and discovers Simon. When an assassin posing as a doctor attempts to kill Simon at the hospital, Jeffries intervenes and escapes with the boy. Though initially unable to gain Simon’s trust, Jeffries protects him from further assassination attempts, including an encounter on a moving train.Branded a fugitive by the NSA, Jeffries enlists the help of fellow FBI agent Tommy Jordan, while also convincing a woman named Stacey Siebring to help take care of Simon. Jeffries arranges to meet Crandell, but the latter is killed before he can fully disclose information about Mercury. Pedranski, aware of Kudrow’s actions, attempts to alert authorities but is also assassinated. However, carbon copies of a letter he wrote are recovered by NSA analyst Emily Lang, who provides them to the FBI.Jeffries confronts Kudrow at his home, demanding he expose the Mercury project’s failures. Kudrow, refusing to do so, manipulates the Witness Protection Program to regain custody of Simon. However, Lang’s evidence, verified by the FBI, exposes Kudrow’s role in the conspiracy. At a rooftop rendezvous, Kudrow and his men attempt to extract Simon by helicopter but are intercepted by Jeffries and a federal task force. After a confrontation, Kudrow is fatally shot by Jeffries while attempting to harm Simon.In the aftermath, Simon is placed with foster parents. Jeffries and Siebring visit Simon at school, where the boy affectionately acknowledges Jeffries as someone he now trusts.
918	City of Angels (1998)	Romance	In Los Angeles, California, Seth is one of many angels who watch over humans, protecting them in unseen ways. His main responsibility is to appear to those who are close to death and guide them to the next life.During this task, Seth and one of his fellow angels, Cassiel, ask people what their favorite thing in life was. Despite these daily encounters, they have trouble understanding human beings and their ways, as angels lack human senses.While waiting to escort a man undergoing heart surgery to the other world, Seth is impressed by the vigorous efforts of the surgeon, Maggie Rice, to save the ill-fated man's life and her sincere anguish at her failure to do so. Seth soon becomes focused on Maggie and makes himself visible to her. They develop a connection, which soon turns to mutual attraction, although she is already involved with one of her colleagues, Jordan Ferris.Seth then meets Nathaniel Messinger, one of Maggie's patients, who senses Seth's presence. He tells him that he, too, had once been an angel. But, as free will is granted equally to mortals and angels, Nathaniel decided to become human by "falling". Seth begins to consider being with Maggie, and she learns through Nathaniel that he is an angel.Seth becomes human by jumping from the top of a skyscraper. Immediately upon awakening, he starts to experience many human feelings and sensations that he had never been able to understand, beginning with physical pain. As a human, Seth heads to the hospital to see Maggie but is told she has gone to her uncle's mountain cabin at Lake Tahoe.Penniless and naïve, he cannot pay for the journey and gets mugged. He eventually hitches a ride to Lake Tahoe and appears, soaked and cold, at Maggie's doorstep. She realizes he has become mortal for her love, and they have sex. The next morning, as Seth is showering, Maggie rides her bicycle to a local store. On her way back, happy and fulfilled, she rides her bicycle with her eyes closed and her arms wide open. Her happiness is cut short when she fails to notice a logging truck crossing her path and is gravely wounded in the collision.Seth senses that Maggie is in trouble and runs to her aid. He arrives in time for her to tell him she sees the angel who has come to accompany her. Although Seth can no longer see angels, he senses one nearby and frantically begs Maggie not to look at them. She tells him she is not afraid anymore and that when they ask her what her favorite thing in life was, she will say it was Seth, and she then dies.Grieving and alone, Seth is visited by Cassiel. He asks if he is being punished for becoming human, which Cassiel assures him is not the case. Sometime later, Seth expresses his joy in being human and the fact that he has accepted his new life by running into the ocean, feeling the waves at dawn, in sight of the angels.
919	City of Lost Children, The (1995)	Adventure, Sci-Fi	Krank (Daniel Emilfork), a highly intelligent but malicious being created by a vanished scientist, is unable to dream, which causes him to age prematurely. At his lair on an abandoned oil rig (which he shares with the scientist's other creations: six childish clones, a dwarf named Martha, and a brain in a vat named Irvin) he uses a dream-extracting machine to steal dreams from children. The children are kidnapped for him from a nearby port city by a cyborg cult called the Cyclops, whom in exchange he supplies with mechanical eyes and ears. Among the kidnapped is Denrée (Joseph Lucien), the adopted little brother of carnival strongman One (Ron Perlman).After the carnival manager is stabbed by a mugger, One is hired by a criminal gang of orphans (run by a pair of conjoined twins called "the Octopus") to help them steal a safe. The theft is successful, but the safe is lost in the harbor when One is distracted by seeing Denrée's kidnappers. He, together with one of the orphans, a little girl called Miette (Judith Vittet), follows the Cyclops and infiltrates their headquarters, but they are captured and sentenced to execution. Meanwhile, the Octopus orders circus performer Marcello (Jean-Claude Dreyfus) to return One to them. He uses his trained fleas, which inject a poison capsule that causes mindless aggression, to turn the Cyclops guards against each other. While Marcello is rescuing One, Miette falls into the harbor and sinks, seemingly drowned, but an amnesiac diver living beneath the harbor rescues her.Miette leaves the diver's lair to find One and Marcello both drowning their sorrows in a bar. Upon seeing Miette alive, the remorseful Marcello lets One leave with her. However, the Octopus confronts them on the pier, and uses Marcello's stolen fleas to turn One against Miette. A spectacular chain of events triggered by one of Miette's tears leads to a ship crashing into the pier before One can throttle her. Marcello arrives and sets the fleas on the Octopus, allowing One and Miette to escape to continue searching for Denrée.Back at Krank's oil rig, Irvin tricks one of the clones into releasing a plea for help in the form of a bottled dream telling the story of what is going on on the oil rig. It reaches One, Miette, and the diver, and the latter remembers that he was the scientist who made them, and that the oil rig was his laboratory before Krank and Martha attacked him and pushed him off it to take it for themselves, leaving him for dead in the water. They all converge on the rig; the diver to destroy it and the duo to rescue Denrée.Miette is almost killed by Martha, who is harpooned to death by the diver, pretending her "allergy to iron". Miette then finds Denrée asleep in Krank's dream-extracting machine, and Irvin tells her that to release him she must use the machine to enter the dream herself. In the dream world, she meets Krank and makes a deal with him to replace the boy as the source of the dream; Krank fears a trap but plays along, believing himself to be in control. Miette then uses her imagination to control the dream and turn it into an infinite loop, destroying Krank's mind. One and Miette rescue all the children, while the now-deranged diver loads the rig with dynamite and straps himself to one of its legs. The diver regains his senses as everyone is rowing away and pleads with his remaining creations to come back to rescue him, but a seabird lands on the handle of the blasting machine, blowing up him and the rig.
920	Two Bits (1995)	Drama	It is a hot summer day in 1933 in South Philadelphia, where 12-year-old Gennaro lives with his widowed mother and ailing grandfather. His grandfather sits outside holding on tight to his last quarter. He has promised the quarter to Gennaro so that the boy can buy a ticket to a plush new movie theater. However, grandpa is not ready to pass on the quarter, nor is he ready to die. He has some unfinished business with a woman from his past, and he enlists Gennaro to act as his emissary.
921	Farewell My Concubine (1993)	Drama, Romance	In Peking 1924, a young boy by the name of Douzi is abandoned by his prostitute mother to a Peking opera troupe supervised by Master Guan, who like many other opera troupe leaders, would take in orphaned children as apprentices. There, Douzi is mocked by the other children for his mother's origin, but nonetheless is befriended by another boy about his age, Shitou, a boy with a talent for breaking stones with his head.As teenagers, Douzi trains to play dan (female heroine roles), while Shitou learns jing (male hero roles). When practicing the play Dreaming of the World Outside the Nunnery, Douzi mistakes the line "I am by nature a girl, not a boy" with "I am by nature a boy, not a girl," for which he receives severe physical punishment. Douzi and another student, Laizi, attempt to run away; Laizi buys candied hawthorns using Douzi's few coins, but Douzi decides to pursue acting seriously after being moved by an opera performance. Upon returning, they find the whole troupe being punished for their desertion, and Douzi steps in and is beaten in Shitou's place. As a result, Laizi eats the hawthorns and later hangs himself.Na Kun, an agent who provides funding for opera plays, comes to the troupe to seek potential actors. When Douzi repeats the same mistake in front of the agent, Shitou commands him to start over. Douzi finally delivers the entire monologue successfully and secures Na Kun's patronage. The troupe is invited to perform for eunuch Zhang. Shitou and Douzi are brought to Zhang's house where they find a finely crafted sword, which Shitou promises to one day gift to Douzi, as the hero would do for his concubine. Zhang asks to meet Douzi in his room and sexually assaults him. Shitou implicitly knows what happened, although Douzi does not speak of the assault. On their way home, Douzi rescues an abandoned baby, who later comes under Master Guan's training.Years later, Douzi and Shitou have become Peking opera stars, taking the names Cheng Dieyi and Duan Xiaolou, respectively. Their signature performance is the play Farewell My Concubine, where Cheng Dieyi plays Consort Yu and Duan Xiaolou plays Xiang Yu; before every play, Dieyi would finish the stage makeup for Xiaolou as a small act of love. Their fame attracts the attention of the high-ranking Yuan Shiqing when he attends their performances. Yuan has come to possess the sword from Zhang's house, which he gives to Dieyi as a gift. Though pursued by Yuan, Dieyi is secretly in love with Xiaolou, who frequents a brothel where he meets Juxian, a headstrong prostitute who buys her freedom using her silk shoes after meeting Xialou to be with him; when Xiaolou marries Juxian, Dieyi and Xiaolou's relationship begins to fall apart, Dieyi refusing to continue finishing Xiaolou's stage makeup. The love triangle between Dieyi, Xiaolou, and Juxian leads to jealousy and betrayal, further complicated by political upheaval following the Second Sino-Japanese War. When Master Guan dies, the abandoned baby, now Xiao Si, comes under Dieyi's training to continue learning dan roles.During the Second Sino-Japanese War, the opera is closed by the Japanese and Xiaolou is jailed. Juxian begs for Dieyi to help free him, so Dieyi agrees to play his signature role for the Japanese in order for Xiaolou to be released, as he claims the Japanese are able to appreciate the quality of the play. After the war, the KMT military barge into the opera and arrest Dieyi for his performance in front of the Japanese invaders, an act which is considered as treason. His arrest triggers a fight in which Juxian loses the baby she was carrying. Desperate to save Dieyi, Xiaolou and Juxian turn to Yuan for help, who initially refuses, until Juxian reminds him it was him who allowed the Japanese entry to the opera and blackmails him by threatening to tell on him. During the trial, the witnesses commit perjury, claiming that Dieyi was tortured and forced to perform at gunpoint, which he denies when called to testify. The military interrupts the trial and Dieyi is freed under bail in order to perform for the new government. Afterwards, Dieyi becomes addicted to opium. When the communist forces win the civil war, Yuan is sentenced to death, and Xiao Si becomes an avid follower of the new government, questioning his teacher about his position regarding the new government approved plays and after receiving a negative answer, accuses him of being a capitalist. Dieyi's addiction negatively affects his performances and renders him unable to sing, but he is ultimately rehabilitated with the help of Xiaolou and Juxian. Xiao Si nurtures resentment against Dieyi because of his rigorous teachings and usurps his role in Farewell My Concubine in the middle of a performance. Xiaolou initially refuses to perform with Xiao Si, but the latter implicitly threatens him with the politics of not performing for the masses, and Xiaolou continues the performance. Devastated by the betrayal, Dieyi secludes himself and refuses to reconcile with Xiaolou.As the Cultural Revolution continues, the Peking Opera is prohibited and replaced with Maoist plays. The entire opera troupe is forced into a struggle session, accused by Xiao Si and Na Kun, by Red Guards. The opera troupe is forced to dress up and is paraded around town while being ridiculed by their captors as well as bystanders. Xiaolou's mighty and meaningful stage makeup becomes smudged after being beaten up by the Red Guards: Dieyi, in full costume of Consort Yu, calmly picks up the brush and finishes the stage makeup for a humiliated and weakened Xiaolou. Then, under pressure, Xiaolou accuses Dieyi of counterrevolutionary acts. After Xiaolou implies Dieyi is homosexual, Dieyi tells the guards that Juxian was a prostitute. To protect himself from further persecution, Xiaolou swears that he does not love Juxian and will "make a clean break" with her.Although humiliated, neither Xiaolou or Dieyi are convicted, but must continue to reenact the play for the new government. Juxian is heartbroken and returns the sword to Dieyi before committing suicide. Xiao Si is caught by the Red Guards singing Consort Yu's lines while admiring the lavish stage jewelry he took from Dieyi.In 1977, Dieyi and Xiaolou reunite, seeming to have mended their relationship. They once again practice Farewell My Concubine. During a break, Xiaolou begins reciting the line "I am by nature a boy," to which Dieyi makes the same mistake of finishing with "I am not a girl." As their performance reaches its climax, Dieyi takes Xiaolou's sword to cut his own throat, paralleling the concubine's final act in the opera. Xiaolou screams Dieyi's name, then softly calls out "Douzi..."
922	Dead Man (1995)	Western	William Blake, an accountant from Cleveland, Ohio, rides by train to the frontier company town of Machine to take up a promised accounting job in the town's metal works. During the trip, the train fireman warns Blake against the enterprise. Arriving in town, Blake notes the hostility of the townsfolk towards him. He then discovers that the position has already been filled, and John Dickinson, the ferocious owner of the company, drives Blake from the workplace at gunpoint.Jobless and without money or prospects, Blake meets Thel Russell, a former prostitute who sells paper flowers. He lets her take him home. Thel's ex-boyfriend Charlie surprises them in bed, shoots at Blake, and accidentally kills Thel when she shields Blake with her body. The bullet passes through Thel and wounds Blake, who kills Charlie with Thel's gun before climbing out the window and fleeing the town on Charlie's horse. Company owner Dickinson is Charlie's father and hires three killers — Cole Wilson, Conway Twill, and Johnny "The Kid" Pickett — to bring Blake back "dead or alive".Blake awakens to find a large Native American man trying to dislodge the bullet from his chest. The man, calling himself Nobody, reveals that the bullet is too close to Blake's heart to remove, rendering Blake effectively a walking dead man. When he learns Blake's full name, Nobody decides Blake is a reincarnation of William Blake, the eighteenth- and nineteenth-century English poet, whom he idolizes, but of whom Blake is ignorant. He decides to care for Blake and to use Native methods to help ease him into death.Blake learns of Nobody's past, marked by prejudice from Euro-Americans who objected to his Indigenous ancestry, and equally from Native Americans who objected that his mother and father were from two opposing tribes, Piikáni and Apsáalooke, respectively. As a child, English soldiers abducted and brought him to Europe as a model savage. He was briefly educated before returning home, where his stories of the white man and his culture were laughed off by fellow Native Americans. They thus dub him Xebeche: "He who talks loud, saying nothing". Nobody resolves to escort Blake to the Pacific Ocean to return him to his proper place in the spirit world.Blake and Nobody travel west, leaving a trail of dead and encountering wanted posters announcing growing bounties for Blake's death or capture. Nobody leaves Blake alone in the wild when he decides Blake must undergo a vision quest. On his quest, Blake kills two U.S. Marshals, experiences visions of nature spirits, and grieves over the remains of a dead fawn his pursuers accidentally kill. He paints his face with the fawn's blood and rejoins Nobody. Meanwhile, the most ferocious member of the bounty hunter posse, Cole Wilson, has killed his comrades (eating one of them) and continued his hunt alone.At a trading post, a bigoted missionary identifies Blake and attempts to kill him but instead dies at Blake's hands. Shortly after, Blake is shot again, and his condition rapidly deteriorates. Nobody hurries to take him by the river to a Makah village and persuades the tribe to give him a canoe for Blake's ship burial. Delirious, Blake trudges through the village, where the people pity him, before he collapses from his injuries.He awakens in a canoe on a beach wearing a Native American funeral dress. Nobody bids Blake farewell and then pushes the canoe out to sea. As he floats away, Blake sees Cole approaching Nobody. Too weak to cry out, he can only watch as the two shoot and kill each other. Looking up at the sky one last time, Blake dies as his canoe drifts out to sea.
923	Raise the Red Lantern (1991)	Drama	The film is set in Republican China during the 1920s. Nineteen-year-old Songlian (Gong Li), an educated woman whose father has recently died and left the family bankrupt, is forced by her stepmother to marry into the wealthy Chen family, becoming the fourth wife or, as she is referred to, the Fourth Mistress (Sì Tàitai) of the household. Arriving at the abode, she is at first treated like royalty, receiving foot massages and brightly lit red lanterns, as well as a visit from her husband, Master Chen (Ma Jingwu), the master of the house, whose face is never clearly shown.Songlian soon discovers, however, that this luxurious treatment is not a given. The master decides on a daily basis which wife he will spend the night with; whomever he chooses gets her lanterns lit, receives the foot massage, gets her choice of menu items at mealtime, and gets the most attention and respect from the servants. The First Mistress, Yuru (Jin Shuyuan), appears to be about as old as the master himself. Having borne a son decades earlier, she appears firm and rigid.  The Second Mistress, Zhuoyun (Zhuóyún, Cao Cuifen), befriends Songlian, complimenting her youth and beauty, and giving her expensive silk as a gift; she also warns her about the Third Mistress, Meishan (Méishan, He Saifei), a former opera singer who is spoiled and seems unable to cope with no longer being the youngest and most favored. Meishan is aloof and cold towards Songlian.  Songlian also has to deal with her personal maid, Yan'er (Yàn'ér, played by Kong Lin), who resents her.  Songlian catches Yan'er fooling around with the Master in her bed.Songlian later on meets the grown son of First Mistress while he is playing the flute. She searches for her own flute, a memento from her deceased father, and finds that it has gone missing. While searching for the lost flute, she discovers that Yan'er has red lanterns concealed in her room, which is forbidden. She has also been concealing a curse charm with Songlian's name on it. Songlian promises not to tell anyone if Yan'er reveals who had written Songlian's name for her, and Yan'er reveals it to be Zhuoyun.  Songlian feigns pregnancy, attempting to garner the majority of the master's time and, at the same time, attempting to become actually pregnant. Zhuoyun, however, is in league with Yan'er who finds and reveals a pair of bloodied undergarments, suggesting that Songlian had recently had her period, and discovers the pregnancy is a fraud.  Zhuoyun summons the family physician, feigning concern for Songlian's "pregnancy". Doctor Gao (Gao-yisheng, Cui Zhigang),  examines Songlian and determines the pregnancy to be a sham. Infuriated, the master orders Songlian's lanterns covered with thick black canvas bags indefinitely. Blaming the sequence of events on Yan'er, Songlian reveals to the house that Yan'er's room is filled with red lanterns, which is against the rules.  Yan'er is punished by having to kneel in the snow until she apologizes. Yan'er refuses to apologize, and thus remains kneeling in the snow throughout the night until she collapses. Yan'er falls sick and is taken to the hospital.Zhouyun asks Songlian to give her a haircut, and in doing so, Songlian cuts her ear.  After hearing about this, Meishan reveals Zhuoyun's treachery when they were both pregnant with children.  She advises Songlian to bear the master a son if she wants to maintain her place.Songlian while speaking to Meishan muses that it would be better if she just hanged herself.  Meishan says that she copes by amusing herself.  Songlian comments that that Meishan at least has her affair with Doctor Gao to keep her happy.  Meishan warns Songlian that if she tells anyone she will have to deal with her, and that she was going to see Gao that night.  Songlian then asks for alcohol and a dinner to celebrate her twentieth birthday by herself. The servant tells her that Yan'er had died and that she died saying her name.  She drinks to intoxication and laments she is all alone.  Zhouyun comes with a servant to try to stop her behavior. She blurts out that Meishan had gone to see Doctor Gao, but she has no one. When Songlian awakes she hears Meishan being dragged away by the servants. Zhuoyun thanks Songlian for letting her know. Zhuoyun's servant tells Songlian that Zhuoyun had found Meishan and the Doctor in bed in a hotel and that it was Songlian who told Zhuoyun this while she was drunk.     Later Songlian sees Meishan dragged to a segregated room (referred to as the room of death earlier on because two women had been hanged there as punishment for committing adultery) on the roof of the estate.  After the servants leave Songlian goes into the room and becomes hysterical, calling everyone a murderer.The Master demands to know what Songlian saw.  Songlian in a distraught state said they were murderers. The Master tells her she did not see a thing.Later, the servants discover all the lanterns to be lit in Meishan's room. A phonograph of her singing can be heard. The servants run out, saying the place is haunted. Songlian is seen as the one who staged this and sits by herself in the room.The following summer, after the Master's marriage to yet another mistress, the new mistress is getting her foot massage and asks who the person in the courtyard is.  The servant says that it was the fourth mistress and she has gone insane.  Songlian is shown wandering aimlessly in the compound in her old schoolgirl clothes.
924	White Squall (1996)	Adventure, Drama	The film is based on the fate of the brigantine Albatross, which sank May 2, 1961, allegedly because of a white squall. The film relates the ill-fated school sailing trip led by Dr. Christopher B. Sheldon, whom the boys call "Skipper". He is tough and teaches them discipline. He forms a close connection with well-off Chuck Gieg, troubled rich kid Frank Beaumont, shy Gil Martin and bad boy Dean Preston. On the first days, it is discovered that Gil suffers from acrophobia when he fails to aid the choking Chuck who becomes entangled after slipping from a mast. He is instead saved by Skipper Sheldon while Gil is ordered to climb the ropes, something he ultimately cannot do, and is therefore assigned limited duty on board.Frank's snobby attitude causes him to bump heads with most of the boys. Gil opens up to Chuck about his troubled home life one night in their bunks, which Frank listens to and identifies with as well.After many misadventures on land and on the boat, the boys begin to take Skipper's teachings seriously and act like real shipmates, forming stronger bonds.Eventually, the brigantine goes into shore and the boys take leave on land. Frank's wealthy father and mother give him a surprise visit while the crew is in port. Frank is upset by the poor timing of the visit, as he becomes separated from the boys and their festivities when his overbearing parents require him to go out to a steak dinner with them. The father and son end up in a fist fight and become further estranged. Frank drinks and goes to the party, only to be escorted out by Chuck, Gil and Dean.After a night of festivities, the crew set out to sea again on the next day. When the brigantine encounters a school of dolphins, Frank, still angry at his father, vents his fury by shooting one of the dolphins with a harpoon. Skipper demands Frank at least put the animal out of its misery, but he can't bring himself to, so Skipper kills it, then tells Frank he's been expelled from the program and puts him ashore at the next port. The day he leaves, Frank apologizes to Skipper for the incident on the boat and is given a farewell by Gil, who gets the courage to climb up the ropes to ring the bell for Frank, which symbolizes ‘Where we go one, we go all.’Soon after, while at sea, the brigantine encounters a freakish white squall storm. The vessel is battered by the seas, and the boys try to use what the Skipper has taught them in order to survive the horrific ordeal. Most of them succeed in abandoning the vessel, but Gil, Dean, Skipper's wife Alice, and the cook Girard Pascal all drown.When the survivors are rescued and reach land, Skipper is put on trial, with Frank's powerful parents leading the call for his license to be revoked. Eventually, Skipper refuses to allow anyone else to be blamed for the disaster, and accepts responsibility, but his former students all stand up for him. Frank turns against his bullying parents to support the Skipper, as all of the boys embrace him. The end credits explain that in reality six people died in total (four students) and dedicates the film to them.
925	Unforgettable (1996)	Sci-Fi, Thriller	During an apparent drug store robbery, a woman is murdered. Seattle Medical Examiner Dr. David Krane finds a matchbook there that reminds him of one found at the scene of his wife Mary's murder. Krane is convinced that the same killer was behind the two crimes.Meanwhile, Dr. Martha Briggs has created a serum designed to transfer memories via samples of Cerebral Spinal Fluid (CSF). Krane wants to volunteer to try it, but Briggs refuses.Krane later retrieves a sample of CSF from Mary's autopsy, and then breaks into Briggs' office. At his house, Krane injects himself with the serum, and has a memory flash of the night of the murder, but cannot see the killer's face. Krane then retrieves the CSF from the victim at the drug store. Using the serum again, he manages to see the killer's face. With a police artist, he creates a sketch of the killer.Briggs later confronts Krane about the theft of her serum. She is worried about side effects, eventually noticing that it has been damaging Krane's heart. Entering the sketch into a computer program, Krane's colleague Curtis Avery identifies the suspect as Eddie Dutton, who has a criminal history, including drugs and murders for hire. Curtis gives Krane Eddie's last known address: a motel.There, Krane sees Eddie and has an overreaction. He runs after Eddie, who starts firing a gun. In the ensuing fight, Krane ends up with Eddie's gun. Eddie runs into a church, and grabs a kid, holding him hostage with a knife. Krane tries to talk Eddie down when the police arrive. Eventually, Detective Don Bresler shoots Eddie dead.Because of his erratic behavior, Krane gets fired. He later sneaks into the autopsy room and steals a sample of Eddie's CSF.With it, Krane uses the serum agaim. He has a flash of someone having sex with Mary. In the midst of the flashback, Krane inadvertently begins to choke Briggs. Apparently, before Mary died, someone noticed Krane returning to the house and fled. Briggs administers nitroglycerin to Krane, who explains that Eddie did not kill Mary. Krane reveals that he used to be a drunk and his marriage was on the rocks. He had come home drunk that night and passed out in the front yard while Mary was being murdered. She was five weeks pregnant when this happened.The next morning, Briggs asks Curtis to get a DNA sample from Krane. She then runs the DNA for a paternity test, which shows the baby was not Krane's.Krane confronts Mary's sister Kelly. She confesses that Mary was having an affair with a detective. While investigating this further, Krane begins to have more of Eddie's flashbacks and has a heart attack. Krane is rushed to the hospital, where he has flashbacks of the night of Mary's murder. While he and Briggs are at the hospital, an explosive device destroys her office.Stewart Gleick, the original detective on Mary's case, later approaches Krane, saying that Detective Joseph Bodner may be the man with whom Mary was involved and thus the father of her unborn child. Bodner tried to commit suicide on the same day Mary died, but ended up in a coma instead. Krane and Briggs go to the hospice where Bodner is and take a sample of his CSF. The duo then argue about who should take the injection. Not taking any chances, Krane tapes Briggs to a seat and uses the serum. He confirms that his wife was in fact having an affair with Bodner. She met Bodner while being a witness against Bresler, who is revealed to have been corrupt.As Krane relives these memories, Bresler arrives and decides to kill him and Briggs by lighting a fire. Just as Bresler is about to kill them, Kelly arrives at the house with Krane's kids. Krane beats Bresler unconscious and saves him and Briggs from the fire. He then goes back into the burning house to retrieve the microcassette recorder that recorded Bresler's confession.While Bresler is arrested, Krane ends up in a coma, imagining he is with Mary and his kids. In the last few moments of the movie, he looks back over his shoulder and his wife fades away. As Dr. Martha Briggs had just told the visiting detective, it was not Krane's physical condition but rather his "mental state" that was the real cause of his coma. Thus, those last moments in Krane's mind indicate that he has finally let go of Mary and is now ready to return to his kids in real life.
926	Down Periscope (1996)	Comedy	Lieutenant Commander Thomas Dodge, currently the executive officer of the Los Angeles-class attack submarine USS Orlando under its commanding officer Commander Carl Knox, is being considered for a third time to captain a submarine. Although an excellent leader, he has been previously passed over because of his unorthodox command methods that included a "brushing" incident against a Russian missile submarine three years earlier near the port of Murmansk, Russia, and a penile tattoo reading "Welcome Aboard" that he acquired as an ensign while intoxicated. If denied again, he will be dismissed from the Navy's submarine command program.Rear Admiral Yancy Graham, who dislikes Dodge, opposes his promotion, but Vice Admiral Dean Winslow, Commander, Submarine Force Atlantic, selects him for a war game to test the Navy's defenses against diesel-powered submarines. As Russia has been donating their diesel fleet to the United States's adversaries, Winslow orders him to restore the rusty World War II-era Balao-class diesel-powered submarine USS Stingray, assigned to him by Graham, and use it to "invade" Charleston Harbor undetected, and if successful, to sink a dummy warship in Norfolk Harbor with two live torpedoes. Though initially reluctant, Dodge offers Winslow a wager: if he completes both tasks, Winslow will give him a nuclear submarine to command. Winslow agrees to consider it, instructing Dodge to "think like a pirate" rather than follow conventional war-game rules.Graham, desiring a third star should he win, handpicks "the crew from hell" for Stingray: Lieutenant Martin G. Pascal as the executive officer; civilian naval contractor Howard as the chief engineer; Engineman First Class Brad Stepanak; Sonar Technician Scond Class E.T. "Sonar" Lovacelli; Seaman Stanley "Spots" Sylvesterson; Seaman Jefferson "Stoneball" Jackson; Electrician's Mate Michael Nitro; and Culinary Specialist Second Class Buckman as Stingray's cook. Additionally, Graham assigns a female Surface-qualified officer, Lieutenant Emily Lake, as Stingray's diving officer to see if women can successfully serve aboard submarines.Using a storm off the Carolina coast as a diversion, Dodge and his crew offset their technological disadvantage by disguising the Stingray as a fishing trawler to infiltrate Charleston Harbor and set off signal flares. Upset at losing the first part of the war game and desperate to defeat Dodge, Graham halves the game's containment area without Winslow's authorization. Running into trouble on their first attempt at Norfolk Harbor and narrowly escaping the Orlando, Dodge leaves the containment area and heads out to sea, breaking all contact with the Navy. Irate at this lapse in protocol, Pascal chastises him for hijacking his own boat and attempts to usurp him. Stingray's crew, weary of Pascal's berating and harassment, turn against him, and Dodge charges him with attempted mutiny. On deck, Lake witnesses Dodge and the crew, dressed up as and speaking like pirates, commit a mock execution by making a blindfolded Pascal walk the plank into the raised net of a waiting fishing trawler that will take him ashore.During the Stingray's second attempt at Norfolk, Graham, hellbent on stopping Dodge, assumes command of the Orlando from Knox. Dodge employs a dangerous maneuver - passing Stingray between the propellers of a commercial supertanker to avoid sonar detection by the naval ships and aircraft protecting the approach to Norfolk. By the time the Orlando eventually locates, pursues, and targets the Stingray, Dodge has fired two live torpedoes at 900 yards (820 m) into a target ship anchored in Norfolk Harbor, thereby winning the war game.After Dodge's crew returns to port, Winslow chastises a humiliated Graham and denies him his promotion for attempting to sabotage Dodge. He then congratulates Dodge on his success, informing him that he will now be given command of a new Seawolf-class submarine, along with a "proper crew" to man her. Dodge requests that his entire Stingray crew be transferred with him; Winslow agrees, noting that Stepanak is his son, but has his mother's surname, and informs Dodge that he will be promptly promoted to commander. Dodge later dismisses his crew to begin a shore leave.
927	Flower of My Secret, The (Flor de mi secreto, La) (1995)	Drama	Leocadia "Leo" Macías, missing her husband, Paco, a NATO military official who is in Brussels for reasons related to the Bosnian War, puts on a pair of boots he gave her, but they are too tight, and she cannot get them off. Unable to contact her housekeeper, she tracks down her best friend, Betty, who removes the boots. Betty later encourages Leo, who is a writer, to contact Betty's friend Ángel, an editor at El País, and ask for a job writing about literature as a distraction. Ángel and Leo get along well, but when he asks her to review a new anthology of works by Amanda Gris, a popular writer of romance novels, she refuses and leaves his office.Ángel calls Leo to tell her he has read the pieces she gave him as examples of her writing and wants to publish one of her essays. Overjoyed, she wants to talk to Paco, but her call wakes him up and he accuses her of being drunk before she can relay her news.Leo meets with her publishers to discuss her newest manuscript. They tell her it is unsuitably dark for an Amanda Gris novel and remind her that she is contractually obliged to write five romance novels each year with happy endings and without any social conscience, to be published pseudonymously, at Leo's request. The publishers threaten to sue her for breach of contract if she does not submit something in the required style, but she says she cannot write like that anymore. Frustrated, Leo writes an article belittling Amanda Gris and submits it to Ángel, who publishes it.Paco comes home on what is supposed to be a 24-hour leave, but when he arrives, he is aloof and says he has to leave in two hours to go to Split. Leo becomes hysterical and Paco accuses her of being selfish, resulting in an argument, during which all of the problems in their relationship that they had agreed to forget about until the conflict in Bosnia was over resurface. As Paco is leaving, Leo asks if there is any chance at saving their marriage. He says there is not. Left alone, Leo takes half of a bottle of tranquilizers.Leo is awoken by the sound of her mother leaving a message on her answering machine. She vomits up the pills and wanders into the streets, where she bumps into Ángel. When she wakes up in his apartment the next day, she learns that, in her compromised state, she told him that she is Amanda Gris. He agrees to keep her secret, so long as she does not try to kill herself again.Once home, Leo finds Betty waiting for her. Betty tells Leo that she and Paco had been having an affair, but she ended it the previous night when Paco came to see her following his argument with Leo. Leo's mother calls again to complain about Leo's sister, Rosa, with whom she lives, and say she is moving back to their old village; Leo decides to go with her.Leo spends some time resting and reconnecting with her roots. One day, one of her publishers calls to say how pleased the firm is with Leo's two newest Amanda Gris novels. Somewhat bemused, Leo calls Ángel to ask if he wrote and submitted the works on her behalf. He says he did and, later, agrees to write the rest of the books on Leo's contract.Back in Madrid, after attending a dance performance created by Antonio, the son of her housekeeper, who danced in it with his mother, Leo returns to her apartment. Antonio stops by and tells her that he had taken advantage of her recent forgetfulness to steal some of her belongings to finance his show, among them a copy of her rejected novel, which is being made into a film. Leo, who had been worried she was losing her mind, like several of her female relatives before her, muses about the paradoxes of life and surprises Antonio by thanking him for giving meaning to her darkest months. Revitalized, she visits Ángel and, pretending it is New Year's Eve, they kiss.
928	Craft, The (1996)	Drama, Horror	Sarah Bailey, a troubled teenage girl with unusual abilities, moves from San Francisco to Los Angeles with her father and stepmother. At her new school, she befriends a trio of outcast girls rumoured to be witches. Bonnie Harper bears burn scars, Nancy Downs lives in a trailer with her mother and abusive stepfather, and Rochelle Zimmerman is a black student who is subjected to racist bullying by a group of white girls. The girls worship a powerful earth deity they call "Manon".Popular jock Chris Hooker shows interest in Sarah, which she reciprocates. When Bonnie observes Sarah levitating a pencil in class, she and the other outcast girls are convinced that she can complete their coven as "the fourth", completing a Four Element circle and making them all-powerful. As the girls walk home from school, Sarah is harassed by a vagrant, who had tried to scare her with a snake when she moved into her new home. When the vagrant chases after Sarah, he is immediately hit by a car. The girls believe their combined will caused it to happen, strengthening their bond. It is also revealed that Sarah once attempted suicide.After a date with Chris, Sarah is upset that he spread a false rumor that they had sex. Sarah casts a love spell on him, Rochelle casts a revenge spell on racist bully Laura Lizzie, Bonnie casts a spell for beauty, and Nancy a spell for power. The spells are successful: Chris becomes infatuated with Sarah, Bonnie's scars on her back miraculously heal, Laura begins losing her hair, and Nancy causes her stepfather to have a fatal heart attack, enabling her and her mother to cash in on his life insurance policy and move into a luxurious high-rise apartment.Nancy becomes power-hungry and encourages the others to join her in a rite called "Invocation of the Spirit", despite being warned against the spell by Lirio, the owner of a local occult shop and practicing witch. Upon completion of the spell, Nancy is struck by lightning. The following morning, the other girls see Nancy walking on water, with beached sharks and other dead animals littering the shore. In the days that follow, Nancy becomes increasingly devoid of empathy and engages in risky behavior that endangers her life and those of others.The spells the girls cast eventually lead to negative consequences, as Bonnie becomes aggressively narcissistic, Rochelle finds Laura traumatized by her baldness, and the obsessed Chris attempts to rape Sarah after she rejects his continual advances. To punish Chris, Nancy uses a glamour spell to disguise herself as Sarah and attempts to seduce him at a party. She is interrupted by the real Sarah, who pleads with Nancy to leave with her. Upset at being deceived, Chris accuses Nancy of jealousy, angering her. She uses her power to kill Chris by throwing him out of a window.Sarah unsuccessfully attempts a binding spell to prevent Nancy from doing more harm, and the coven turns on Sarah. The trio invades Sarah's dreams, torments her with visions of swarms of scorpions, snakes, rats, and insects, and makes her believe that her family has died in a plane crash. The coven then tries to drive Sarah to suicide. Although initially terrified, Sarah successfully invokes the spirit and manages to heal herself and fight back. She scares Bonnie and Rochelle off by showing them glamour in a mirror of Bonnie, with her face scarred, and Rochelle losing her hair like Laura. Sarah then defeats Nancy and binds her, preventing her from causing harm forever.Bonnie and Rochelle, finding their powers gone, visit Sarah to attempt reconciliation, only to find that she wants nothing to do with them and that Manon took their powers because they abused them. They scornfully mutter that Sarah must have lost her powers, too. Sarah then conjures a lightning storm and makes a tree branch nearly crush them. She warns them to be careful not to end up like Nancy, who has been committed to a psychiatric hospital, delusional and her powers bound, strapped to a bed as she desperately insists she can fly.
929	Harriet the Spy (1996)	Children's, Comedy	Eleven-year-old aspiring spy and writer Harriet M. Welsch lives a privileged life in New York City with her parents, Violetta and Ben, and her nanny, Catherine "Ole Golly," in whom she confides. Harriet and her best friends, Simon "Sport" Rocque and Janie Gibbs, are enemies with a snobby classmate, editor of the sixth-grade newspaper, bully, and class president Marion Hawthorne.One night, as Harriet's parents are out, Golly invites her friend George to dinner, which she burns; the three go out for dinner and a movie instead. Upon arriving back home, Harriet and Golly realize that Violetta and Ben have returned early. Violetta is enraged at Golly for taking Harriet out without her knowledge and impulsively fires her. Golly concedes that it is time Harriet was "on her own." Before leaving, Golly encourages Harriet not to give up on her love of "spying" and observing people, promising to be the first to buy a signed copy of Harriet's first novel. Depressed and withdrawn, Harriet breaks into the mansion of Agatha Plummer and is caught hiding in her dumbwaiter.After school, Marion discovers Harriet's private spy notebook. She begins reading aloud Harriet's comments about her friends and peers, such as how she suspects Janie will grow up to be "a total nutcase" and criticizing Sport's father's low earnings. Sport and Janie shun Harriet, and her classmates create a "spy-catcher" club to torment her.When Harriet begins neglecting her schoolwork, her parents confiscate her notebooks and ask her teacher, Miss Elson, to search her for new notebooks daily. During art class, Marion and her friends pour blue paint over Harriet as revenge for writing things about them in her notebook. Harriet responds, slapping Marion in the face, and flees from the school. She exacts revenge in several ways: by exposing that Marion's father left their family for his secretary, by cutting off a chunk of Laura's hair, by sabotaging Janie's science experiment, and by humiliating Sport with a picture of him in a maid's outfit. This causes her classmates to alienate her further.Harriet's parents send her for a psychological evaluation; the doctor assures them that Harriet is fine. Harriet gets her notebook back, and, in a surprise visit, Golly tells her that to make things right again, she must do two things that she will not like: apologize and lie. Harriet says it is not worth it, to which Golly disagrees, saying Harriet is worth it as an individual, and her individuality will make others nervous. She adds: "Good friends are one of life's blessings. Don't give them up without a fight."Harriet tries apologizing to Sport and Janie, who initially rejected her before accepting her apology after finally coming to their senses and consequently quitting Marion's bully group due to being mistreated by her, much to Marion's dismay. Harriet opines to Miss Elson that Marion's appointment as editor was done unfairly, and Miss Elson opens it up for a vote. Harriet is voted in to replace Marion as editor. She writes an article apologizing to the class, all of whom (except Marion) accept her apology. At the opening of the 6th-grade pageant, Janie, Sport, and Harriet set off a stink bomb as all the students, teachers, and audience dance to James Brown's "Get Up Offa That Thing."
930	Chain Reaction (1996)	Action, Adventure, Thriller	While working with a team from the University of Chicago on a project to convert hydrogen from water into clean energy, student machinist Eddie Kasalivich inadvertently discovers a sound frequency in his home laboratory that perfectly stabilizes their process the next day. As the team celebrates with a party at the project laboratory, Dr. Paul Shannon, the leader of the project, and Dr. Alistair Barkley, the project manager, debate whether or not to share the scientific discovery. Later that night, project physicist Dr. Lily Sinclair finds her car unable to start, so Eddie gets her home by bus. Back in the laboratory, Alistair and assistant Dr. Lu Chen prepare to upload their discovery to the Internet to share the breakthrough with the world, while a van approaches the premises. Chen hears a noise and goes outside to investigate, but is kidnapped by unknown assailants as Alistair is also attacked.Once he has dropped Lily off at Alistair's house, where she lives on the third floor, Eddie returns to the laboratory to retrieve his motorcycle but notices a suspicious van departing. Hearing alarms, he runs inside to find Alistair dead with a plastic bag over his head and Chen missing. As the hydrogen reactor has become dangerously unstable, Eddie, unable to deactivate it, speeds away as a concealed detonator triggers a massive hydrogen explosion that destroys the laboratory and eight blocks' worth of surrounding streets.Upon returning from questioning by the FBI, Eddie and Lily realize that they are being framed after encountering planted evidence in both of their houses. The two flee to an observatory in Wisconsin belonging to Maggie McDermott, an old friend of Eddie's. After resting up, they contact Paul but are almost caught and narrowly escape. As the pair are evading more police, Paul meets with Lyman Earl Collier at the C-Systems Research complex, where it is revealed that C-Systems orchestrated the plot to destroy the laboratory and frame the pair for it, with Lyman ordering the attack. Despite some disagreement, Paul and Lyman decide to continue hunting for the pair, a task facilitated when Eddie covertly arranges a meeting with Paul. At their rendezvous, Paul reveals his involvement in framing Eddie, but the meeting ends in an ambush in which Lyman’s thugs Yusef Reed and Clancy Butler, who murdered Alistair, capture Lily while Eddie barely escapes.After tracing the license plate on the thugs' van, Eddie tracks them to the secret C-Systems Research facility where Paul and Lyman are forcing Lily and Chen to replicate the project. When C-Systems' test reactor malfunctions, Paul, the scientists and the prisoners all depart, allowing Eddie to furtively "fix" the system that night. The next morning, one of the other scientists discovers the working reactor and everyone celebrates. A suspicious Paul immediately obtains a download of the fusion data, and secretly gives it to his assistant, Anita, for safekeeping. He then encounters Eddie at a computer in the company boardroom, who demands his release for making the reactor work. Paul agrees but Lyman refuses, so Eddie sets the reactor to explode while sending proof of his innocence to the FBI and blueprints of the reactor to "hopefully a couple thousand" international scientists. Lyman responds by shooting Chen dead, then locking in Eddie and Lily to die in the explosion as he, Paul, and their staff flee the site.Lyman is given a falsified copy of the fusion data before Paul kills him for overstepping the bounds of the program, leaving his body in an elevator. During his own escape, he deactivates the containment system, allowing Eddie and Lily to escape. They are attacked by Reed and Butler over an ascending construction lift but escape by climbing aboard it moments before a blast wave sweeps through the complex, incinerating the corpses of Reed, Butler, and Lyman. Having survived the shockwave, Eddie and Lily are met by FBI agents Ford and Doyle, now convinced of their innocence, who take them to safety. Paul is shown dictating a memo to Anita in a chauffeured limo, informing the Director of the CIA that "...C-System [is] no longer a viable entity."In a post-credits scene, the C-Systems facility is seen imploding into the landscape.
931	Island of Dr. Moreau, The (1996)	Sci-Fi, Thriller	United Nations negotiator Edward Douglas survives a plane crash in the Java Sea. A passing boat rescues him. Aboard, Dr. Montgomery tends to him and promises that Douglas will be taken to Timor. However, when they arrive at Montgomery's destination, "Moreau's Island", he instead advises Douglas to disembark and use the radio there.Douglas and Montgomery go to the Main House, where the former is warned not to wander. According to Montgomery, Moreau vanished after becoming obsessed with his animal research. For his own safety, Douglas is locked in his room by Montgomery, but escapes that night. While exploring, he hears cries and enters a laboratory where he witnesses a human/llama mutant give birth, with doctors attending to the delivery.Douglas's presence is noticed by a doctor, who turns out to be a human/animal hybrid, and he flees, finding Aissa, a daughter of Moreau's, who leads him to the 'village' of the mutants. There, Moreau is worshipped by the mutants. He keeps the hybrids subjugated by using a remote-controlled electrical implant, surgically placed at birth under their skin.Moreau tells Douglas how he introduced human DNA into animals in search of a higher being, incapable of harm. The existing Beast-Folk are imperfect, but Moreau claims to be close to a "solution". Meanwhile, his son Azazello finds a half-eaten rabbit. After learning of the rabbit, Moreau (who forbids meat-eating) promises that there will be a "trial" the next day. Douglas tries to escape by boat, but stops as it is overrun with humanoid rats.At the outdoor trial, leopard/human hybrid Lo-Mai runs at Moreau but is stopped by the remote-controlled implant. To Moreau's shock, Azazello shoots Lo-Mai dead. His body is cremated publicly. Inspecting the charred remains, the mutant "Hyena-Swine" notices the control implant embedded in Lo-Mai's arm. He then feels for the same implant on his own body and removes it from the bone, feeling pain. Hyena later starts saying "no more pain", wanting to spread the word to all the mutants. In addition to the pain, the animals are controlled through regular drugging to prevent them from "retrogressing". Hyena-Swine reveals his removed implant to Montgomery who sets the other beasts after him. Meanwhile, Douglas tries to contact the outside world, but Montgomery sabotages the radio.Hyena-Swine and his trackers—now on his side and also free of implants—confront Moreau. Enraged, Hyena-Swine reveals his intent to overthrow him and destroy all humanity. The group eventually kills Moreau. Douglas then fires a gunshot, scaring the group off. Azazello steals Montgomery's handgun and joins Hyena-Swine's faction. Aissa informs Douglas that she is regressing: her pupils are cat-like, her canine teeth are becoming fangs, and her fingernails are becoming sharper. Douglas can stop this with a serum from the lab. However, Montgomery has gone insane and destroyed it. Moreau was planning to use Douglas's DNA to stop Aissa's regression permanently, completing his experiments.Azazello leads the mutants to the armory. They eventually take over the island, keeping hostages. Montgomery has lost his mind and is promoting hedonism amongst the mutants. Drunk, he sits in Moreau's former throne and is killed by Azazello while watching a mutant orgy. Hyena-Swine's group continues to rampage around the island. Azazello hangs Aissa out of jealousy before being executed by Hyena-Swine, being viewed as a threat to his dominance. Douglas survives by telling Hyena-Swine to impose his leadership and be "God Number One" among the others of his faction, causing Hyena-Swine to kill his supporters. Eventually, M'Ling, another one of Moreau's sons, triggers an explosion that causes Hyena-Swine to lose his gun and allows Douglas to escape. Outnumbered and defenseless, Hyena-Swine retreats into the burning building and dies.Peaceful-minded mutants see off Douglas, who leaves on a raft. The hybrids now want to return to their natural state of being and are in favor of ending Moreau's work.
932	First Kid (1996)	Children's, Comedy	Sam Simms is a Secret Service agent assigned by his superior, Wilkes, to protect President Paul Davenport's rebellious 13-year-old son, Luke Davenport, after Luke's behavior causes another agent, Woods, to be replaced for mistreating Luke in front of media cameras. Simms sees this assignment as undesirable, but a possible stepping stone to protecting the President. He fails to connect with the boy at first, and Luke continues to misbehave.After seeing Luke get beat up by the school bully, Rob, Luke's parents punish him, even though he didn't start the fight. Because of the re-election, they can't risk Luke going out in public for a month while his parents are on the campaign trail. Simms feels sorry for him - he had felt alone as a teenager, too (he lost his father in Vietnam while his mother worked 2-3 jobs to financially support him) - and they become friends. Simms, a former boxer, agrees to sneak Luke out against the wishes of his parents and teach him how to fight.Meanwhile, Luke agonizes over asking the cutest girl, Katie, to the school dance, which he finally does successfully with Simms's help. However, while Simms and Luke are practicing some moves for the dance, the Secret Service director Morton tells them that they can't go to the dance due to an emergency lockdown. A duffel bag left unattended on the sidewalk outside the main entrance is being investigated by the bomb squad. Simms, breaking the rules, takes Luke to the dance. There, Rob tries to attack Luke again while Simms is distracted, but this time, Luke puts him down.After that, Secret Service agents bust the school dance and retrieve Luke. Simms is fired and not allowed to speak with Luke, who is crushed that his friend has apparently "abandoned" him. Luke, under house arrest and with a homing device attached to him, receives advice from an online friend, Mongoose12, on how to escape the White House and meet him at a local mall. Luke agrees, but it is revealed that Mongoose12 was in fact former agent Woods, who abducts him. When Luke goes missing, Simms is given another chance to protect him. With the help of his friend and former colleague Harold (a paraplegic who owns a spy shop), he quickly tracks Luke to the mall.In a standoff, Woods says he was originally planning on returning Luke to the President so he could be a hero and get his job back, but now he wants to kill him instead, blaming Luke for making him lose his job, and even his wife. Woods tries to shoot Simms, but he takes cover and once Woods is out of bullets, Simms brings him down with a right uppercut. As other agents arrive, Woods tries to shoot Luke with a back-up revolver, but Simms jumps in front of Luke, causing him to take the intended bullet in his arm. Woods is also shot, subdued, and arrested by other arriving Secret Service agents for abduction, assault, discharging a firearm in a public place unlawfully, and attempted murder.Simms is offered Presidential duty, which he declines in order to stay with Luke full time. This means he can also spend more time with Luke's biology teacher, with whom he has formed a romantic relationship.
933	Funeral, The (1996)	Drama	The film begins with the funeral of one of the three Tempio brothers, a set of violent criminals. Mourning the passage of their beloved brother Johnny are Chez and Ray. Ray is cold and calculating, while Chez is hot tempered. Flashbacks demonstrate Johnny to be more sensitive. Exposure to communist meetings as a spy sways Johnny's opinions. The chief suspect in Johnny's murder is rival gangster Gaspare Spoglia.Ray and Chez swear revenge. Ray's wife, Jeanette, opposes the campaign of retribution and the violence it will bring, while Chez' wife, Clara, struggles to deal with her husband's obsessive nature.Ray has Gaspare abducted for interrogation and they go to see Johnny's body. He is satisfied by Gaspare's claim of innocence, in part because he says that gangsters are superstitious, believing that the wounds of the corpse will start bleeding in the presence of the killer. Therefore the killer will not willingly enter the dead victim's presence. Gaspare is comfortable to be in the presence of the victim, so is not the killer. Ray releases Gaspare but instructs his men to murder him later.As it turns out, Johnny was not murdered by rival gangsters, but by a man who claimed Johnny had raped his girlfriend. Ray's men identify him by tracking the car he had driven to commit the crime. Pressed by Ray, the killer confesses that he had wanted revenge because Johnny had beaten him up in front of his girlfriend and friends. Ray kills him.As he buries the dead murderer, Chez reflects on his brothers' lives before the tragedy. He then returns to Ray's house and shoots and kills Ray and his two bodyguards. Chez then shoots Johnny, lying dead in the casket, before putting the gun in his own mouth and committing suicide as the family women wail over Ray's dying body.
934	Preacher's Wife, The (1996)	Drama	A voiceover by the preacher's son Jeremiah Biggs guides the viewer through the film.Reverend Henry Biggs is the pastor of a small struggling African American Baptist church in a poverty-stricken neighborhood of New York City. Membership is declining, Henry is pulled in a hundred directions by his parishioners' needs, and the church's finances are in trouble. Henry is under intense pressure from real estate developer Joe Hamilton to sell the church's property so that Hamilton can build luxury condominiums on the site. Henry has also become neglectful of his wife Julia and his son Jeremiah. Julia worries that her marriage is failing. Unsure that he can make a difference in his parishioners' lives and beginning to lose his faith, Henry prays to God for help, which comes in the form of Dudley, a witty and debonair angel. Dudley tells Henry that he is an angel sent by God to help him, but Henry is deeply suspicious of Dudley. Julia, however, is instantly charmed by the handsome and unflappable angel.With Christmas approaching, Henry's schedule becomes increasingly burdensome, and Dudley begins to spend most of his time with Julia and Jeremiah. Henry's secretary Beverly becomes comically defensive and aggressive, believing Dudley is there to take her job. Julia's wasp-tongued mother, Margueritte is also suspicious of Dudley, because she believes the newcomer will break up her daughter's marriage. Dudley and Julia go ice skating, and then later spend an evening in the jazz club where Julia once performed. After Henry confronts Dudley, Dudley realizes that he is falling in love with Julia. So, Dudley turns his attention to Hamilton and manages to disrupt his schemes to get Henry to sell the church. Henry now realizes that his family is the most important thing in his life, and he resolves to be a better husband and father. At the church's Christmas pageant, Henry finds his faith in God renewed and ties to his family restored.With his work done, Dudley gives the Biggs family a fully decorated Christmas tree with a Christmas angel resembling himself on top of it as a gift. Dudley then erases all memories of himself from everyone he has met, and although he attends morning service on Christmas Eve, no one recognizes him. However, Jeremiah, who has the faith of a child, still remembers Dudley, and wishes him a merry Christmas.
935	Paradise Road (1997)	Drama, War	At Raffles Hotel in Singapore, a dance for soldiers and their families is interrupted by the Battle of Singapore and a bomb exploding outside the club. The women and children are immediately collected and carried off by a boat to a safer location. A few hours out, the boat is bombed by Japanese fighter planes, causing the passengers to jump overboard.Three women - tea planter's wife Adrienne Pargiter, model Rosemary Leighton-Jones and Australian nurse Susan Macarthy - swim their way to the shores of the island of Sumatra. The women are found by a Japanese officer, Captain Tanaka, and ushered firstly to a deserted village and then a prison camp in the jungle where they are reunited with the rest of the women and children from the boat. At the camp, the women are forced to bow to the Japanese officers and its flag, as well as endure sexual violence (such as potential rape or sexual assault), torture, and hard labour despite the brutal living conditions and constant sickness. Some of the women choose to work in a brothel as voluntary prostitutes for Japanese officers for better treatment and decent food.Two years later, Adrienne and missionary Daisy "Margaret" Drummond decided to create a vocal orchestra to encourage the women, even though social and religious meetings had been prohibited by the Japanese officers. Although it provides a temporary relief, the women soon become disenchanted with it and dwindle in numbers. After some time, the women are moved to a new location where they will remain for the duration of the war.Eventually, the war ends and the choir performs for a final time before rejoicing in their freedom.
936	Brassed Off (1996)	Comedy, Drama, Romance	Gloria Mullins has been sent to her home town of Grimley to determine the profitability of the pit for the management of British Coal. She also plays the flugelhorn, and is allowed to play with the local brass band after playing Concierto de Aranjuez, affectionately known as “Orange Juice” by the characters, with them. The band is made up of miners from whom she must conceal her purpose. She renews a childhood romance with Andy Barrow, which soon leads to complications. Andy is bitter about the programme of pit closures and determined to fight on, but is also realistic about the circumstances and predicts a 4-to-1 majority for closure and redundancy.When Andy realises Gloria is working for management, he accuses her of naïvety for thinking the Coal Board is even considering the pit's future and argues that the decision to close would have been made years earlier. It is later revealed, during a confrontation between Gloria and colliery management, that the decision was made two years prior and was to have proceeded regardless of her findings. The report was simply a PR exercise to placate the miners and sympathetic members of the public.The passionate band conductor Danny Ormondroyd finds he's fighting a losing battle to keep the rest of the band committed. His son Phil is badly in debt and becomes a clown for children's parties, but this fails to prevent his wife and children leaving him. In debt, Phil votes for the redundancy money, which he becomes ashamed of. As Danny collapses in the street and is hospitalised, Phil suffers a mental breakdown while entertaining a group of children as part of a harvest festival in a church. He refers to himself as "Coco the scab"—a name he was called by a debt collector whom he had asked to wait until the redundancy money came through. Eventually, Phil tries to hang himself but is taken to the hospital. Phil reveals to Danny that in light of the colliery's closure, the band has decided not to continue playing.When band member Jim realises Gloria is working for management, he is unimpressed with Andy's relationship with her. In a pub conversation, the other miners are not particularly concerned and feel Jim is being too harsh. When Andy says he should be old enough to make his own decisions, Jim responds with, "Old enough to be a scab, then?" The pub falls silent, as the word was an extremely serious insult in a mining community and implies treachery to the working class. Jim then withdraws the insult and says that Andy is just "stupid". Later, Jim asks Gloria to leave the band and mocks her attempts to fund the band's trip to the National Finals.Intending it to be their last performance, the band, in full uniform and wearing their miners' helmets and lamps, plays Danny Boy (the famous Percy Grainger arrangement of Londonderry Air) late at night outside the hospital where Danny has been hospitalised with breathing difficulties related to mining. Andy, having lost his tenor horn in a bet, whistles along with his hands in his pockets. After they finish, they all switch off their lamps.Whilst the band is playing in the National Semi-Finals, the outcome of the ballot is announced as 4-to-1 in favour of redundancy, as Andy had predicted.After Gloria sets up a bank account to fund travel to the National Finals, the band is brought back together to compete. Andy wins his tenor horn back in a game of pool. The band forgives Gloria when she gives them her earnings from compiling the report (rejecting it because it's "dirty money") and travels to the final at the Royal Albert Hall in London (Birmingham Town Hall was used to film these scenes), where they are amused by the inability of the woman on the dressing room's PA system to pronounce 'colliery'.Before departing, Phil leaves a note for Danny saying they are going to the finals. Danny arrives just in time to see the band win the competition with a stirring rendition of the William Tell Overture finale, during which Phil notices his wife and children in the audience. Danny refuses to accept the trophy; he states that only human beings matter and not music or the trophy. He continues, "This bloody government has systematically destroyed an entire industry. Our industry. And not just our industry—our communities, our homes, our lives. All in the name of 'progress'. And for a few lousy bob."However, following this gesture, Jim takes the trophy anyway. The band celebrates their victory as Andy and Gloria kiss on the upper deck of an open-topped bus travelling through London, while Danny leads the band in the trio from Elgar's Pomp and Circumstance March No. 1, better known as Land of Hope and Glory.
937	Thousand Acres, A (1997)	Drama	Larry Cook, a prosperous farmer in Iowa, decides to retire and split his acres of land among his three daughters, Ginny, Rose and Caroline. Ginny and Rose happily accept the lucrative agreement to live and work on the farm but Caroline abandons farming for a law career in Des Moines and refuses to take part in the deal.Larry is consumed with rage and rejects Caroline, leaving Rose and Ginny to go about running the farm with their husbands. However, as Larry loses touch with farming life, he begins to lose touch with reality, and his painful descent into senility leaves him bitterly opposed to his daughters' ways of running the farm.As she struggles to maintain the farm, Ginny encounters a rift in her relationship with Rose, who reveals that Larry had sexually abused her when she was a child, and insists that he had done the same thing to Ginny. The two women also develop a strong extra-marital attachment to Jess, the handsome son of a neighboring farmer who is loyal to Larry.Paranoid and disillusioned, Larry decides to sue Rose and Ginny in an effort to regain his patriarchal control, and seeks Caroline's help. The lawsuit divides the family forever, leaving Rose and Ginny to suffer alone while realizing painful truths about their childhood. As Rose and Ginny discover their own individual strengths in the face of adversity, they learn how to survive on their own, without the protection of the farm and the suffocating presence of their father.
938	Smile Like Yours, A (1997)	Comedy, Romance	Danny Robertson and his wife Jennifer are happily married, except for one major issue: he is doubtful about having children, and she desperately wants to have a baby. Jennifer stops using birth control and does not inform Danny, straining their relationship, particularly after she discovers that they have fertility problems. Danny and Jennifer are tempted to stray from their marriage as their conception woes mount.
939	Murder in the First (1995)	Drama, Thriller	As a 17-year-old orphan, Henri Young went into a grocery store where he was denied work. This leads him to steal $5.00 from a grocery store to feed himself and his little sister Rosetta, both of whom are destitute. He is apprehended by the shopkeeper and arrested by the police while Rosetta is sent to an orphanage. Because that grocery store also housed a U.S. Post Office, his crime is upgraded to a federal offense. Young never sees Rosetta again and is sentenced to Leavenworth Penitentiary, Kansas.Years later, Henri was transferred to Alcatraz. He gets oppressed by associate prison warden Milton Glenn. Henri participates in an escape attempt with two other prisoners Rufus McCain and Arthur Barker.The escape plan fails due to the betrayal of McCain. Barker is killed by the guards and Glenn punishes Young by having him sent to "the hole", which is in Alcatraz's dungeons as he and Warden James Humson do a press conference proving that Alcatraz is inescapable. Glenn also had Henri tortured where he was struck in the back with a club, thrown down the stairs at one point, striking his face with a blackjack, and left naked in the hole at one point. Glenn even used a straight razor on his ankle to induce a hobble on Henri. Except for 30 minutes on Christmas Day in 1940, he is left in there for three years. The solitary confinement causes Young to lose his sanity.On release back to the general population, he experiences a psychotic episode in the prison cafeteria and attacks McCain, stabbing him to death with a spoon in full view of the prison staff and the other convicts.Young is put on trial in San Francisco for first degree murder in what district attorney William McNeil and the public defender's office run by Mr. Henkin believe is an open-and-shut case. Public defender James Stamphill, a recent graduate of Harvard Law School, is given the case and bluntly told that Young is going to be sentenced to death and that he was assigned because a competent attorney would be wasted on such a lost cause. After discovering the facts of Young's case, Stamphill attempts to put Alcatraz on trial by alleging that its harsh conditions drove him insane with his motives causing the dismay of Mr. Henkin, Stamphill's co-worker Mary McCasslin, and Stamphill's brother Byron. They demand he go along with railroading Young but he ignores them. During one of his visits, Stamphill brought pleasure to Young by bringing in a prostitute named Blanche.The trial overseen by Judge Clawson becomes highly politicized and contentious, with Clawson overruling most of Stamphill's questions regardless of whether the objections are legally valid. Glenn denied any mistreatment of Young while Stamphill mentioned that anyone who went mad at Alcatraz was removed and never made it to the asylum. As Stamphill questioned ex-guard Derek Simpson who admitted that Glenn had him partake in the torture, McNeil objects because Simpson was fired because he was drunk. This causes Clawson to have the jury disregard Simpson's testimony. Stamphill also held Humson accountable for not being present during Glenn's actions towards Young, claiming that Humson never interacted with Young once as Humson claims that he runs two other prisons. The most damning evidence Stamphill gets on the record, to Clawson's visible annoyance, is that Alcatraz broke numerous laws regarding prisoner confinement and have no real defense for these actions. At one point in between the trial, Stamphill managed to track down Rosetta and brought her to visit Henri. He learns that Rosetta is doing alright and has named her baby after him.Young tells Stamphill that he wants to change the plea to guilty as he would rather be dead than be sent back to Alcatraz, but he trusts Stamphill enough by that point to keep from doing so. Young is convicted of involuntary manslaughter and not first-degree murder as the jury recommends that Alcatraz should undergo a federal investigation because Humson and Glenn likely committed crimes against humanity. Stamphill tells Young that he will appeal to have him sent to another prison and see if he can reopen Young's original case. Stamphill's narration states that this would be the last time he saw Young alive as he would later be found dead in his cell where he had "victory" written on the walls and he did not die in vain. Young is returned to Alcatraz and put in "the hole" on Glenn's orders with Young claiming that he still won either way as the inmates bang on the cells.As Young is taken to "the hole", Stamphill's narration states that the Supreme Court agreed with the facts of the trial six month later which led to the dungeons of Alcatraz being closed forever. Glenn was charged for mistreatment. He would be found guilty and never work in the US penal system again. While noting that he still remained in the private practice, Stamphill in his narration thanked Young for making him a baseball fan and concludes his narration by stating "You did it, Henri"!A postscript states that Alcatraz as a prison was closed down forever in 1963. It remains a tourist attraction that is visited by over one million tourists a year.
940	Airheads (1994)	Comedy	In Los Angeles, Chester "Chazz Darby" Ogilvie and his friends, sibling musicians Rex and Pip, are in the Los Angeles hard rock band "The Lone Rangers" who are continuously rejected while trying to get their demo tape heard by record producers like Jimmie Wing. After scolding him for being lazy, Chazz's girlfriend Kayla kicks him out of her apartment.The Lone Rangers try to get local rock station KPPX to play their reel-to-reel tape on the air by attempting to break-in through the back door. Once inside, DJ Ian "The Shark" talks with them on the air. Station manager Milo overhears them and intervenes, but Ian continues broadcasting. After Milo calls Rex "Hollywood Boulevard trash," he and Chazz pull out realistic-looking water pistols filled with hot pepper sauce and demand airplay. After setting up an old reel-to-reel for the demo, the tape begins to play but is immediately destroyed when the player malfunctions. The trio attempt escape, but the station's accountant Doug Beech has already called the police. The building ends up being surrounded as the Lone Rangers start rounding up Suzzi and the other employees Yvonne, Marcus, and Carter.They negotiate with the police who are now tasked to find Kayla who has a cassette of the demo. Since the station never went off the air, news of the hostage crisis travel and fans begin showing up outside and interfering with police. A SWAT team also arrives where Carl Mace prefers using force over negotiation tactics by Sergeant O'Malley. His team secretly passes a gun through a roof vent to Beech who has been hiding in the air ducts. During the crisis, it is revealed that Milo secretly signed a deal to change KPPX's format from rock to adult contemporary which includes having to fire Ian and most of the other employees. Consequently, Ian and some employees side with the band and turn against Milo.The police find Kayla at the club and she arrives at the station to deliver the tape. However, the tape is damaged because she threw it out of the car earlier. Chazz and Kayla get into an argument that escalates and results in the studio console being destroyed, dashing any hopes of the tape being played on the air.As some of the items the band demanded from police are brought into the station, the door shuts on Rex's plastic gun, revealing it to be fake. Seeing this, Marcus and Carter run out with one telling the SWAT team the band's guns are fake upon being subdued. As the team assembles to storm the station, Beech corners the band from an air vent. Knowing he no longer will have a job at the station, Ian knocks down Beech's gun. This causes the weapon to wildly fire rounds, and the police are forced to back off. Ian picks up the gun, but gives it to Chazz in an act of anti-establishment rebellion.Jimmie Wing comes to the station and offers the band a contract, to which they reluctantly agree. Wing arranges a stage and sound system to be airlifted to the roof where the band will play their song for the now huge crowd outside. However, the band find that only the PA system is real and everything else is just props. Refusing to lip sync to their tape, they instead destroy their instruments in protest to the delight of the crowd and stage dive into the hands of the cheering audience that O'Malley has his men let through.The band later plays a gig in prison where they are incarcerated as Kayla and Suzzi dance in the background. The concert is shown live on MTV. Now their manager, Ian says on the phone to an unknown person that the band will start touring upon their release in six months, three months if they behave themselves.A postscript states that the Lone Rangers ultimately serve three months in prison for kidnapping, theft, and assault with hot pepper sauce. Their album LIVE IN PRISON goes triple platinum.
941	With Honors (1994)	Comedy, Drama	Montgomery "Monty" Kessler is a senior majoring in Government at Harvard University and sharing a house with friends: art student Courtney, womanizing radio disc jockey Everett, and neurotic medical student Jeff.While Monty is working on his senior thesis, which takes a pessimistic view of citizens on public assistance, a power outage ruins his computer's hard drive. When he rushes out to print a backup copy of his thesis, he trips on the street, breaking his ankle, and drops the thesis down a grating into the boiler room under Widener Library. There Monty finds a homeless man, resembling the writer Walt Whitman, burning his thesis page by page. He calls the campus police who arrest the man, but they are unable to recover the thesis.In court, Monty learns the man's name is Simon Wilder. Although Simon manages to get the worst of the charges dismissed, he is held in contempt, for which Monty pays the fine. Despite Simon's anger over Monty having him arrested, they work out a deal: for every service Monty provides, Simon will return one page of his thesis. Monty takes Simon to the house, where he lets him stay in a broken down van in the backyard.Over time, Monty and Simon become close friends. Monty confides in him about his absent father, and Simon helps him see poor people like himself as human beings. He also shows Monty his collection of stones, each one representing a significant memory from his life.Monty's roommates begin to like the arrangement as well, with Courtney appreciating Monty's newfound open-mindedness and Everett giving Simon wine in exchange for repairing the van. However, Jeff refuses to let Simon stay in the house's basement on a particularly cold night in case of his parents' visiting. When Monty lies to Simon about why he can't come in the house, he ends their deal and leaves.While everyone goes home for Christmas vacation, Monty stays to recompose his thesis. Simon sends a friend to deliver the thesis; he reveals where Simon is staying, but says he does not want to see him. Monty finds him living on the street, coughing and wheezing due to years of exposure to asbestos in the U.S. Merchant Marine.Monty allows Simon to live in the house and refuses his offer of a new deal. Simon gets disability benefits to help with the rent while Monty decides to completely rewrite his thesis. Courtney and Everett are supportive of Simon's moving in, but Jeff is still unwelcoming.Realizing the seriousness of his illness, Simon writes his obituary, which reveals that he left his wife and child to join the Merchant Marines. Though initially angry, Monty eventually forgives him, taking him as his guest to a campus pajama party. As Monty watches Courtney dance with another man, Simon encourages him to confess his love for her. Courtney reciprocates and they begin a relationship.Monty agrees to drive Simon to visit Frank, the son he abandoned, despite the fact that doing so will delay the completion of his thesis. All the roommates, including Jeff, who has come to see Simon's humanity, make the long drive. Frank bitterly rebuffs his apology and pretends that he doesn't know him when Simon's granddaughter asks who he is. Before leaving, a heartbroken Simon adds a stone to his collection.Simon's condition deteriorates on the drive back to the house; the roommates stay up all night reading Walt Whitman to him before he dies. At his funeral, Monty tearfully reads Simon's obituary where he refers to the roommates as his family, and states that Monty will graduate life with honor and without regret."Monty meets with his haughty mentor, Professor Pitkannan, and explains why he changed his thesis to a more optimistic subject. Pitkannan accepts his explanation, but informs him that he will not graduate with honors due to his lateness. Monty thanks him for his mentorship. He also returns the Walt Whitman book to Widener Library, symbolically leaving Simon's spirit there.The roommates graduate and Monty begins his own collection of memory stones.
942	What's Love Got to Do with It (1993)	Drama	Raised in Nutbush, Tennessee, in the early 1950s, Anna Mae Bullock returns home from church one day to see her mother Zelma leaving, and taking her elder sister Alline with her. She is distraught over her mother leaving and is consoled by her grandmother Georgeanna. Six years later, a teenage Anna Mae relocates to St. Louis, where she reunites with her mother and Alline. While in St. Louis, Alline takes Anna to a nightclub at East St. Louis, where she sees bandleader Ike Turner perform with his band Kings of Rhythm. After nights of seeing women in the crowd coming onstage to sing with Ike, Anna finally gets her chance to perform for Ike and impresses him so much that he offers to mentor her and produce her music.As the first frontwoman of Kings of Rhythm, along with the formation of a backing girl group (later known as the Ikettes), Anna develops a local popularity at the St. Louis club scene. The two record a hit song, "A Fool in Love" and develop a romance. Anna becomes pregnant with their son and learns, while in the hospital, that her name has changed to Tina Turner after the radio station announces the name "Ike & Tina Turner" following the playing of "A Fool in Love". The couple drives to Tijuana to get married and soon after the Ike & Tina Turner Revue becomes a national sensation and relocates to Los Angeles. Upon learning that Ike & Tina have moved to Los Angeles, Ike's former girlfriend Lorraine Taylor makes an unexpected visit to their new home and drops off their two sons, which further complicates matters at home.One day while at home, Tina voices her opinion that Ike's music "all sounds the same", which leads to Ike beating her in front of their four sons. Following a performance on a teen rock and roll show in 1966, Tina is offered a solo deal with Phil Spector for the song, "River Deep – Mountain High." Following the release of the song, the duo open for the Rolling Stones in London and find success with their recording of "Proud Mary", which transforms the Revue from a national R&B phenomenon to an international sensation. Over time, crowds begin clamoring more to Tina than Ike, which causes further tension as Ike discovers cocaine.During one recording session of the song, "Nutbush City Limits" in 1973, an addicted Ike violently rapes Tina in their home recording studio for not singing the song to his satisfaction, blaming her for the duo's issues in following their previous hits. Feeling hopeless, Tina attempts suicide by overdosing a full bottle of sleeping pills before a show and is rushed to a hospital where she recovers. Tina eventually visits a friend, a former Ikette, who convinces her to practice Buddhism and the chant Nam-Myoho-Renge-Kyo which leads Tina to find a newfound strength. Then, in 1976, while en route to a show in Dallas, a fed-up Tina begins to annoy Ike and they get into a physical altercation in the limousine on their way to the hotel. Upon their arrival, Ike falls asleep and Tina flees, running across a freeway to the Ramada Inn where she finds refuge. Tina later files for divorce and in the final matter, she agrees to give up everything except her stage name.In 1980, Tina begins rebuilding her career at the cabaret circuit and invites a young impresario named Roger Davies to see her perform so he could manage her and help her realize her dreams as a rock star. Impressed that she still could perform, Davies agrees to manage her. Still, the presence of Ike threatens to derail her chances. Turning to her Buddhist faith, she prepares for a show at the Ritz Theatre in 1983 where Ike confronts her at her dressing room with a gun. Undeterred, Tina verbally silences him and leaves the dressing room where she dazzles the audience at the Ritz with her new hit single, "What's Love Got to Do with It", where she eventually realizes her dream of being a rock superstar.
943	Killing Zoe (1994)	Thriller	Zed, a professional safe-cracker, comes to Paris to help a childhood friend, Eric, with a bank heist. While in the taxi on his way to the hotel, the cab driver offers to procure a sex worker for him in the evening. As Zed emerges from the shower, the sex worker, Zoe, arrives. After having sex, they talk amicably and express their mutual affection. Zoe confides that she is studying art and has a "very boring" day job. They are interrupted when Eric barges in and brusquely sends Zoe out of the room. Eric takes Zed back to his residence, where Zed meets Eric's friends. Eric explains his plans: the following day is Bastille Day and virtually everything is closed except for a holding bank they plan to rob. Zed forgoes his rest time to spend the night partying with Eric and his friends at a seedy jazz club, which Eric refers to as 'the real Paris'. As they binge, Eric confides to Zed that he has HIV, which he contracted through intravenous drug use.The next day, Zed is awakened by Eric as they prepare to enter the bank. Donning carnival masks, Eric's team quickly kill anybody who fails to cooperate as Zed is escorted to the bank's safe. Their plans begin to fall apart as the police show up, with the team realizing they will either have to shoot their way out of the bank or go to jail for life. Eric blows open a vault with an explosive, finding a large supply of gold bars, but the thieves can't leave the bank alive with their fortune. Tensions rise even higher when Zed recognizes Zoe – who coincidentally works at the bank – and attempts to protect her, much to Eric's fury. A gunfight erupts between Eric's team and the police, with Zed caught in the middle. Most of the thieves are killed, leaving Zed and Eric to fight each other. The police kill Eric. Injured, Zed is led away quickly by Zoe, who falsely states that he is a bank customer. They drive away in her car, where Zoe promises Zed that when he gets well, she'll show him the 'real' Paris.While some have speculated the title of the film derives from the assumption that Zed contracted HIV from having Eric's blood spill on him and he will thus pass it on to Zoe, Roger Avary has stated, "Zoe means 'life' in Greek, so the title of the movie can be interpreted as 'Killing Life.' "
944	Renaissance Man (1994)	Comedy, Drama, War	Bill Rago is a divorced advertising executive down on his luck. When he loses his job in Detroit, the unemployment agency finds him a temporary job: teaching basic literacy classes at a nearby U.S. Army training base, Fort McClane.Initially unenthusiastic, Rago finds that he has only six weeks to teach a group of undereducated soldiers the basics of comprehension and use of English language. Most of the soldiers are only semi-literate and equally unenthusiastic.Unable to connect with his pupils and desperate to spark their interest, Rago quotes from his favorite play, Hamlet by William Shakespeare. They are unfamiliar with it (or even the concept of a "play") and a small initial spark of interest is generated. He casts each student as a character in a classroom reading, then takes everyone on a field trip across the Blue Water Bridge to Stratford, Ontario Canada, to a live performance by Shakespearean actors. He introduces them to Shakespeare's Henry V as well.In the meantime, Rago takes steps to mend bridges with his daughter Emily Rago by buying her an airline ticket to Mexico – as well as buying her a Schmidt-Cassegrain telescope – so that she can start on the path to becoming a professional astronomer.Despite the disapproval of their hard-as-nails Drill Sergeant Cass, and the loss of one of the trainees, Private Roosevelt Hobbs, who is revealed as a drug dealer hiding under an assumed identity, Rago sets an end-of-term oral examination. Even the friendly Captain Tom Murdoch, who is in charge of the project, doesn't expect the soldiers to pass Rago's class, adding that if they fail they will be discharged from the Army.Hobbs writes a letter to Rago and Murdoch, whose letters to the prison warden may result in him getting an early parole. Hobbs says he read Othello in the prison library (the librarian said he was the first inmate in 16 years to request Shakespeare) and was thinking about taking college classes once he's released.While on duty, on a dare from Cass in front of other men, Pvt. Donnie Benitez recites the St. Crispin's Day Speech by King Henry V while in full combat gear in the middle of a rainstorm during a night exercise; the speech moves even the hardened Sergeant Cass. The students then all pass Rago's class with flying colors.Rago meets and dates Staff Sergeant Marie Leighton, a soldier in the records department who helps him do some investigation before the base's graduation ceremony. It results in Private Brian Davis Jr. being presented with the Silver Star medal his father was to have been awarded posthumously, after he was killed in Vietnam.As the proud soldiers march at their graduation parade, Rago is saluted by his "graduates". He signs on to continue teaching soldiers-in-training.
945	Charade (1963)	Comedy, Mystery, Romance, Thriller	While on holiday in the French Alps, Regina "Reggie" Lampert, an American expatriate working as a simultaneous interpreter, tells her friend Sylvie that she is divorcing her husband Charles. She also meets Peter Joshua, a charming American.On her return to Paris, she finds her apartment stripped bare. A police inspector says that Charles auctioned off their belongings, then was murdered after leaving Paris. Reggie is given Charles's small travel bag containing a letter addressed to her, a ship ticket to Venezuela, four passports in multiple names and nationalities, and miscellaneous personal items. At Charles's sparsely attended funeral, three men show up to view the body. One sticks a pin into the corpse to confirm Charles is dead. Another uses a hand mirror to see if he is breathing.Reggie is summoned to meet CIA administrator Hamilton Bartholomew at the American Embassy. She learns that the three men are Herman Scobie, Leopold W. Gideon and Tex Panthollow. During World War II, they, Charles, and Carson Dyle were assigned by the OSS to deliver $250,000 ($4.5 million in current dollars) in gold to the French Resistance, but instead stole it. Carson was wounded in a German ambush and left behind. Charles double-crossed the others, taking all the gold. The three survivors are after the missing money, as is the U.S. government. Hamilton insists that Reggie has it, even if she does not know what or where it is—and that she is in great danger.Peter finds Reggie and helps her move into a hotel. The three criminals separately threaten her, each convinced that she knows where the money is. Herman shocks her by claiming that Peter is in cahoots with them, after which Peter says that he is Carson Dyle's brother Alexander and is trying to bring the others to justice, believing they killed Carson. As the hunt for the money continues, Herman and Leopold are murdered. Hamilton tells Reggie that Carson Dyle had no brother. When she confronts Alexander, he says that he is Adam Canfield, a professional thief. Although frustrated by his dishonesty, Reggie still trusts him.Reggie and Adam go to an outdoor market, the location of Charles's last known appointment. Spotting Tex, Adam follows him. At the stamp-selling booths, Adam and Tex each realize that Charles bought some extremely valuable stamps and affixed them to the envelope in his travel bag. Both men race to Reggie's hotel room, but discover that the stamps are missing from the envelope. Reggie, who gave the stamps to Sylvie's young son Jean-Louis, suddenly realizes their significance. She and Sylvie find Jean-Louis, but he has already traded the stamps to a dealer. They find the dealer, who says that the rare stamps are worth $250,000; he returns them to Reggie.Reggie returns to the hotel and finds Tex's body; Tex managed to write the name "Dyle" on the floor before dying. Convinced that Adam is the murderer, Reggie telephones Hamilton, who says to meet him at the Colonnade at the Palais-Royal. Adam sees her and gives chase. At the Colonnade, Reggie is caught in the open between the two men. Adam claims that Hamilton is Carson Dyle; surviving the German ambush, he became obsessed with revenge and reclaiming the treasure. Reggie runs into an empty theater and hides in the prompt box. Carson is about to shoot her, but Adam activates a trapdoor under him, sending him crashing to the floor far beneath him.The next day, Reggie and Adam go to the embassy to turn over the stamps, but Adam declines to go in. Inside, Reggie discovers that Adam is Brian Cruikshank, a U.S. Treasury agent responsible for recovering stolen government property. With his true identity now revealed, he proposes marriage to Reggie. She says that she hopes that they have lots of boys so that they can name them all after him.
946	Fox and the Hound, The (1981)	Animation, Children's	After a young red fox is orphaned, Big Mama the owl and her friends, Dinky the finch and Boomer the woodpecker, arrange for him to be adopted by a kindly farmer named Widow Tweed, who names him Tod. Meanwhile, her neighbor, hunter Amos Slade, brings home a young hound puppy named Copper and introduces him to his hunting dog, Chief, who is at first annoyed by him but then learns to love him. One day, Tod and Copper meet and become best friends, pledging eternal friendship. Amos grows frustrated at Copper for constantly wandering off to play and places him on a leash. While playing with Copper outside his barrel, Tod accidentally awakens Chief. Amos and Chief chase him until they are stopped by Tweed. After an argument, Amos threatens to kill Tod if he trespasses on his property again. Hunting season comes, and Amos takes Chief and Copper into the wilderness for the interim. Meanwhile, Big Mama, Dinky, and Boomer attempt to explain to Tod that Copper will soon become his enemy. However, he naively insists that they will remain friends forever.The following spring, Tod and Copper reach adulthood. Copper returns as an expert hunting dog who is expected to track down foxes. Late at night, Tod sneaks over to visit him. Their conversation awakens Chief, who alerts Amos. A chase ensues, and Copper catches Tod but lets him go while diverting Amos. Chief catches Tod as he attempts an escape on a railroad track, but an oncoming train strikes him, resulting in him falling into the river below and breaking his leg. Enraged by this, Copper and Amos blame Tod for the accident and vow vengeance. Realizing Tod is no longer safe with her, Tweed leaves him at a game reserve. After a disastrous night on his own in the woods, Big Mama introduces him to Vixey, a female fox who helps him adapt to life there.Amos and Copper trespass into the reserve and hunt Tod and Vixey. The chase climaxes when they inadvertently provoke an attack from a giant bear. Amos trips and falls into one of his own traps, dropping his rifle slightly out of reach. Copper violently fights the bear, but is almost killed by it. Tod comes to Copper's rescue and battles it until both he and the bear fall down a waterfall. As Copper approaches Tod as he lies wounded in the lake below, Amos appears, ready to shoot Tod. Copper positions himself in front of Tod to prevent Amos from doing so, refusing to move away. Amos, understanding Tod had saved their lives from the bear, decides to spare Tod for Copper, lowers his rifle, and leaves with Copper. Tod and Copper share one last smile before parting.At home, Tweed nurses Amos back to health, much to his humiliation. As he lies down to take a nap, Copper smiles as he remembers the day when he first met Tod. At the same moment, Vixey joins Tod on top of a hill as they both look down on Amos' and Tweed's homes.
947	Big Blue, The (Grand bleu, Le) (1988)	Adventure, Romance	Children Jacques Mayol and Enzo Molinari grow up in Amorgos, Greece in the 1960s. Enzo challenges Jacques to collect a coin on the sea floor but Jacques refuses. Jacques' father—who harvests shellfish from the seabed using a pump-supplied air hose and helmet—goes diving. His breathing apparatus and rope gets caught and punctured by rocks, and weighed down by water, he drowns in front of the children.By the 1980s, both are well known for their freediving skills. In Sicily, Enzo rescues a trapped diver from a shipwreck. He is a world champion freediver and now wishes to find Jacques and persuade him to return to no-limits freediving in order to prove he is still the better of the two. Jacques works as a human research subject with dolphins and is participating in research into human physiology in the lakes of the Peruvian Andes, where his bodily responses to cold water immersion are being recorded. Insurance broker Johana Baker visits the station and is introduced to Jacques. After hearing that Jacques will be at the World Diving Championships in Taormina, Sicily, she fabricates an insurance problem that requires her presence there, in order to meet him again. The two start dating. However, neither of them realizes the extent of Jacques' allure for the deep. Jacques beats Enzo by 1 metre, and Enzo offers him a crystal dolphin as a gift, and a tape measure to show the small difference between their respective records. Johana goes back home to New York but is fired after her deception is discovered; she leaves New York and begins to live with Jacques. She hears the story that mermaids appear to the ones who truly love the sea and lead them to an enchanted place.At the next World Diving Championships, Enzo beats Jacques' record. The depths at which the divers compete enter new territory, and the dive doctor suggests they should stop, to no avail. Jacques is asked to look at a dolphinarium where a new dolphin has been placed, and where the dolphins are no longer performing; surmising that the new dolphin is homesick, the three of them break in at night to liberate and return her to the sea. Back at the competition, other divers attempt to break Enzo's world record, but each fails. Jacques succeeds, reaching 400 feet (120 m). Angered by this, Enzo prepares to break Jacques' record. The doctor warns that the competitors must not go deeper, as the pressure becomes lethal at those depths. Enzo dismisses the doctor and attempts the dive anyway but is unable to return to the surface. Jacques dives to rescue him. Enzo, dying, tells Jacques that he was right and that it is better down there. He begs Jacques to help him back down to the depths, where he belongs. Distraught, Jacques refuses, and Enzo dies in his arms. To honor his dying wish, Jacques takes Enzo's body back down to a depth where the human body becomes negatively buoyant, and lets his friend sink into the depths.  Jacques—himself suffering from cardiac arrest after the dive—is rescued by supervising scuba divers and requires his heart to be restarted with a defibrillator before being placed in medical quarters to recover.Jacques appears to be recovering from the diving accident but later experiences a hallucinatory dream in which the ceiling collapses and the room fills with water, and he finds himself in the ocean depths with dolphins. After discovering she is pregnant, Johana returns to check up on Jacques but finds him lying unresponsive in his bed with bloody ears and a bloody nose. Johana attempts to help him, but Jacques gets up and walks to the diving boat and gets suited up for one final dive. Desperately, Johana begs Jacques not to go, saying she is alive but whatever has happened at the depths is not, but he says he has to. She announces she is pregnant and begs Jacques to stay. However, she eventually lets him go. The two embrace and Johana breaks down crying. Jacques then places the release cord for the dive ballast in her hand, and—still sobbing—she pulls it, sending him down to the depths. Jacques descends and floats for a moment, staring into the darkness. A dolphin then appears, and Jacques lets go of his harness, swimming away with it into the darkness.
948	Booty Call (1997)	Comedy, Romance	Rushon Askins, a tender-hearted, upwardly-mobile man, has been dating his self-righteous-to-a-fault girlfriend Nikki for seven weeks. They really like each other, but their relationship has not yet been consummated; Nikki is unsure if their relationship is ready for the next stage.Rushon asks Nikki out to dinner, but Nikki wants it to be a double date. She brings her opinionated friend and neighbor Lysterine "Lysti", and Rushon comes with his "bad boy" buddy Bunz. Lysti and Bunz soon end up bonding as both are sexually adventurous and completely uninhibited, despite some initial bickering and resentment towards one another as each of them overplayed their roles by trying to come off as a player (Bunz) or overly high-maintenance (Lysti). Meanwhile, the more conservative and prudish Nikki decides it is time for her and Rushon to take their relationship to the next level, much to Rushon's surprise and excitement. However, they have one small problem: this is the 1990s, and Nikki wants to practice safe sex. Rushon produces a condom and just as he removes the wrapper, Nikki's mischievous, poorly trained, small terrier dog named "Killer" snatches and destroys Rushon's only condom, forcing him to have to go out and buy more condoms. Nikki then calls Lysterine and urges her to make Bunz (also condomless) use a condom as well. Therefore, Rushon (who has to take Killer along for his walk) and Bunz go on wild, late night adventures from store to store trying to find "protection" before everyone's mood evaporates. The two friends run across a wild assortment of characters which includes a Chinese medicine store owner, wacky Punjabi convenience store owners, a would-be armed robber, a hypocritical judge (Bernie Mac) and his female clerk/secret lover, and last but not least, a disobedient Killer who escapes his leash while Rushon and Bunz are in a store and leads them on a blocks-long chase.Things soon lead to all four friends being at the hospital when Bunz accidentally shoots Rushon in the leg with a gun he took from a paranoid cabbie moments earlier. The group initially encounters a rude, unsympathetic admissions nurse who denies Rushon entry into the hospital because he has no insurance until Bunz runs across a doctor's credentials and impersonates the doctor to get his buddy admitted into the facility. However, "Doctor" Bunz is soon called in to help deliver a baby, which takes priority over a flesh wound, and he loses track of Rushon who is mistaken for a patient who is scheduled to be castrated (that patient shrewdly switched charts with Rushon upon finding out about his operation). The real doctor whom Bunz is impersonating eventually surfaces which leads the admissions nurse and security to search the hospital for the group. Bunz, Lysterine, and Nikki frantically search for Rushon who is soon anesthetized and prepared for castration. Nikki finds him right before the surgery begins and abruptly stops it by yelling that Rushon has no insurance. As both couples leave the hospital, everyone make up as both women take their men home for some long-delayed, kinky but safe sex.
949	How to Make an American Quilt (1995)	Drama, Romance	How to Make an American Quilt is a 1995 American drama film based on the 1991 novel of the same name by Whitney Otto. Directed by Jocelyn Moorhouse, the film features Winona Ryder, Anne Bancroft, Maya Angelou, Jean Simmons Ellen Burstyn, Kate Nelligan and Alfre Woodard. It is notable as being Jared Leto's film debut. Amblin Entertainment optioned Otto's novel in 1991, and were able to persuade Steven Spielberg to finance the screenplay's development. How to Make an American Quilt received mixed reviews from critics. It was a box-office success, grossing $41 million against a $10 million budget. The film was nominated for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture.
950	Georgia (1995)	Drama	Georgia Flood is a successful folk music singer who is happily married and a mother of two. Her younger, unstable sister Sadie also sings but is less successful as a punk rock vocalist. After a touring gig with a blues singer goes awry, Sadie arrives at her sister’s Seattle-area farm, which happens to be their childhood home, and says she’s going to stay in town.To get her career back on track again, Sadie asks her ex-boyfriend Bobby if she can return as the singer for his band. Bobby is reluctant to take her on due to her history of drug use, but relents. Sadie sings with the band at dive bars and a local bowling alley, but continues to abuse alcohol and heroin. She befriends Herman, the band's drummer and a fellow heroin addict. During a performance at a Jewish wedding, Sadie, disoriented from taking a bathroom swig of Nyquil, blanks out mid-song, forcing another band member to take over for her. Herman is eventually kicked out the band for his drug use.While delivering groceries and liquor to Sadie at her motel room, a young man named Axel tells her he's a fan and expresses his admiration for her. They begin a relationship and soon get married. Axel, wanting Sadie to get out of the rut she’s in, asks Georgia if she can do something to help her. Georgia considers it, though she is clearly weary from her sister's continual dependence on her.At a benefit concert, Georgia invites Sadie onstage to sing the Van Morrison song "Take Me Back" solo. The set is a painful one where Sadie is intoxicated, off-key, and straining but her raw passion for the song comes through. Georgia comes onstage and sings with her to "save" the performance. On the tense car ride home, things come to a head between the sisters when Sadie protests Georgia's joining her onstage. After an ultimatum, Sadie gets out of the car and hitchhikes back to her motel room with Axel.Georgia’s husband Jake suggests that his wife is being too hard on Sadie and doesn’t realize the difficulties of living in the shadow of a successful sibling. Soon after, Axel, exasperated from Sadie’s self-destruction and substance abuse, says he is going to visit his mom who is ill. Though Axel reassures her he’ll come back, Sadie realizes he is breaking up with her.Sadie tries to look for a new gig and housing from Chasman, her old manager. Chasman refuses, saying he won't make enough money representing her. However, he offers her drugs, and the two get high together. In Oregon and in a state of drug withdrawal, a strung out Sadie tries to board a flight back to Seattle but is denied because she isn’t wearing shoes. She makes a scene at the airport until a passenger lends her his sneakers. When Sadie arrives in Seattle, Georgia arrives and takes her to a rehab center, where she is put through detox.During Sadie’s treatment, the sisters slowly reconcile. Her bandmate Clay comes to visit her and sadly informs her that Herman overdosed while she was away. After her hospital stay, Georgia lets Sadie recover in her house. Some time later, the sisters have a difficult conversation on the porch. After Sadie snidely accuses Georgia of being emotionless, Georgia finally admits what she didn’t have the heart to say before: Sadie's constant need to be the center of attention is exhausting to everyone around her, and while she tries, she can't sing. Hurt, Sadie replies, "You wish."The film ends with Sadie singing "Hard Times Come Again No More" with her band at a Portland bar. At a concert, Georgia is singing the same song to a large roaring crowd. Accepting applause from a small crowd, Sadie says, "No one does that song better than my sister."
951	Indian in the Cupboard, The (1995)	Adventure, Children's, Fantasy	On his ninth birthday, New York City boy Omri receives an old cupboard from his brother and a toy Native American from his best friend Patrick. Omri gets a special key from his mom, which she got from her grandmother, and locks the toy in the cupboard. The next morning, he hears a small tapping noise coming from the cupboard, and finds that the toy has magically come to life. Frightened by Omri's size, the tiny man pulls out a dagger and points it at Omri. Omri closes and locks the cupboard and decides to keep it a secret.The next day, the living toy eventually reveals himself as an English-speaking, 18th-century Iroquois (specifically Onondaga) man named Little Bear who was fighting in the French and Indian War on the side of the British. During Little Bear's stay with Omri, Omri learns a lot about the Iroquois, and the two develop a friendship. Omri also learns that Little Bear is a widower.When Omri brings to life another Native American figure (resembling a Mohawk chieftain), saying Little Bear can have the chieftain's longbow, the chieftain suffers a heart attack out of fear after looking at Omri. Omri's shocked reaction causes Little Bear to realize that Omri really is a child, and not a spirit.Eventually, Omri reveals his secret to Patrick, who immediately wants to bring to life a toy of his own, which becomes a cowboy from 1879 called "Boohoo" Boone. Boone and Little Bear are initially hostile toward one another, but are forced to behave themselves when Omri and Patrick bring them to school.That night, Omri and Patrick, along with Little Bear and Boone, watch a program on TV, the movie The Last of His Tribe that shows a relentless slaughter of Yana people by cowboys. Boone is enthusiastic at the sight of his "boys" killing the helpless Native Americans, while Little Bear watches in horror at the sight of his people being massacred. Upon hearing Boone fire his gun into the air with delight, Little Bear becomes confused and shoots an arrow into Boone's chest.The key to the cabinet is lost, and Little Bear goes under the floor to retrieve it, nearly getting killed by an escaped pet rat in the process. With the key back, Omri brings a World War I medic toy to life to treat Boone's wounds. Omri realizes it is time to return Little Bear and Boone to their respective time periods.  Later that night, as Patrick sleeps, Omri goes to bring a female Native American toy to life, but Little Bear realizes what Omri is doing and stops him. Omri says he doesn't want Little Bear to be alone when he goes back, but Little Bear says that the woman probably has people of her own, maybe even her own family. Omri agrees not to bring her to life.The next morning, Omri and Patrick say their goodbyes to the two tiny men before locking them back in the cupboard and sending them home. Just before saying goodbye, Omri has a vision of a life-sized Little Bear telling him that he takes Omri on as his nephew. At school, Omri ends his report concluding that he is glad to have sent Little Bear back to his own people, and that he may start his own family.
952	Blue in the Face (1995)	Comedy	The film once again centers on the Brooklyn Cigar Store and manager Auggie (Harvey Keitel), although most of the other characters are different. The store owner's frustrated wife Dot (Roseanne Barr) is one of them, and one of the plotlines follows her attempts to seduce Auggie. Madonna, Michael J. Fox, Lily Tomlin and Lou Reed as himself also put in appearances.
953	Unstrung Heroes (1995)	Comedy, Drama	When young Steven's mother Selma is diagnosed with ovarian cancer and becomes increasingly ill, his eccentric and emotionally distant inventor father Sid — despite deep reservations — allows him to live with his dysfunctional uncles, pack rat Arthur and delusional paranoid Danny, in their cluttered apartment in the rundown King Edward Hotel. The two, who live in a setting worthy of the Collyer brothers, rechristen the boy with the more colorful name Franz and help him cope with his emotions by teaching him to value his own uniqueness. Learning from the odd pair that even though hope and science may fail, but art always survives, Franz secretly begins to create a memorial to his mother before she dies, filling a box with personal mementos — a tube of lipstick, an empty Chanel bottle, a cigarette lighter, and the like.
954	Unzipped (1995)	Documentary	Unzipped is a 1995 American documentary film directed by Douglas Keeve. It follows fashion designer Isaac Mizrahi, Keeve's then boyfriend, as he plans and ultimately shows his fall 1994 collection. The film put such a rift in their relationship over Mizrahi's depiction that the two broke up over it. There are appearances by supermodels Cindy Crawford, Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss, as well as many other celebrities and designers from the fashion world and beyond. At the 1995 Sundance Film Festival, it won the Audience Award for U.S. Documentary, tied with Ballot Measure 9.
955	Before Sunrise (1995)	Drama, Romance	On June 16, 1994, Jesse meets Céline on a train from Budapest, and they strike up a conversation. He is going to Vienna with a Eurail pass to catch a flight back to the United States, whereas Céline is returning to university in Paris after visiting her grandmother. When they reach Vienna, Jesse asks Céline to disembark with him, saying that 10 or 20 years down the road, she might not be happy with her significant other and might wonder how her life would have been different if she had picked someone else. Alternatively, she may just realize Jesse himself is not that different from the rest. Lacking the money to rent a room for the night, they decide to roam Vienna until Jesse's flight leaves in the morning.After visiting a few landmarks in Vienna, they share a kiss at the top of the Wiener Riesenrad at sunset and start to feel a romantic connection. As they continue to roam around the city, they begin to talk more openly with each other, with conversations ranging from topics about love, life, religion, and their observations of Vienna.When they are walking alongside the Donaukanal, they are approached by a man who offers to write them a poem with a word of their choice inside. Jesse and Céline decide on "milkshake” and are soon presented with the poem "Delusion Angel" (written for the film by poet David Jewell)—a poem that Jesse cynically guesses the man had already previously written and just inserts the words people choose.Later, while playing pinball at a local club, Céline tells Jesse that her last boyfriend broke up with her six months ago, claiming that she "loved him too much.” When questioned, Jesse reveals he had initially come to Europe to spend time with his girlfriend who was studying in Madrid, but they broke up soon after he arrived. Jesse found a cheap flight home, via Vienna, which did not leave for two weeks. So, he bought a Eurail pass and traveled around Europe. In a Viennese café, Jesse and Céline stage fake phone conversations with each other, playing each other's friends they pretend to call. She reveals she had been ready to get off the train with him before he convinced her. Jesse reveals that after he broke up with his girlfriend, he bought a flight that really was not much cheaper, and all he really wanted was an escape from his life.Jesse and Céline admit to their attraction to each other and how the night has made them feel, though they understand that they probably will not see each other again. Deciding to make the best of what time they have left, they get a bottle of wine. Sharing it together in a park, they begin discussing whether or not they should make love. Céline says that she does not just want to be a one-night stand for Jesse. He then explains that, if given the choice, he would marry her instead of never seeing her again. They begin kissing passionately and embracing, then it is heavily implied Jesse and Céline make love in the park. The film ends the next day at the train station, where, just as Céline's train is about to leave, the two decide not to exchange any contact information but instead meet at the same place in six months.
956	Nobody's Fool (1994)	Drama	Donald "Sully" Sullivan is a stubborn old reprobate living in the peaceful, snowy northern New York state village of North Bath. He freelances in the construction business, usually with his dim-witted friend Rub by his side. He is often at odds with Carl Roebuck, a local contractor, suing him at every opportunity for unpaid wages and disability. Sully's one-legged lawyer Wirf is inept, and his lawsuits are repeatedly dismissed. As a way to irritate him, Sully openly flirts with Carl's wife Toby at every opportunity (which she enjoys). He is a regular at the Iron Horse Saloon, where he often has drinks and plays cards with Wirf, Carl, Rub, Jocko the town pharmacist, and Ollie Quinn, the town's Chief of Police.A running joke is the repeated theft of Carl's snowblower. Sully steals it to get back at Carl for his latest failed lawsuit. Carl steals it back, placing it in the yard at his construction business guarded by his doberman pinscher guard dog. Sully, after drugging the dog, steals it a second time. Carl takes it back a final time, and leaves the dog, who is now skittish due to his drugging, at Sully's childhood home for him to find.Sully is a tenant in the home of the elderly Miss Beryl, his 8th grade teacher, whose banker son Clive strongly urges her to kick him out and sell the house. Family complications of his own develop for Sully with a visit from Peter, his estranged son who is a jobless professor at odds with his wife. While he and Sully reconstruct their relationship, Sully begins a new one with young grandson, Will. Peter's sudden everyday presence does not sit well with Rub, who quits working with Sully. Meanwhile, Clive is on the verge of a lucrative deal to build an amusement park in North Bath. However, the deal unexpectedly falls through when the promoter turns out to be a con man, and Clive quietly skips town in shame since he used his bank's resources to help finance the amusement park.After being jailed for punching a police officer who has been hassling him, Sully's luck seems to be all bad. His regular horse racing trifecta wins, but because he had been jailed, he had missed making the bet. But his son and grandson start to warm up to him, and he rebuilds his relationship with Rub. Then Toby leaves Carl, mostly due to his constant womanizing, and invites Sully to run away with her to Hawaii. Sully accepts, then realizes he cannot leave his grandson and politely declines. Miss Beryl, as a gift, pays the back taxes on Sully's long-abandoned family home. His son gives him a winning ticket for the missing trifecta, which he had bet in his father's absence. In the end, Sully decides to remain in North Bath because of his family obligations.
957	Pushing Hands (1992)	Comedy	The story begins with the Chinese tai chi master, Chu, immigrating to the United States to live with his son, Alex, and his family. Due to Chu's inability to speak English and his American daughter-in-law, Martha's, lack of Mandarin proficiency, communication between them is nearly impossible. They rely on Alex, who is bilingual, to serve as an interpreter. Martha finds Chu's presence disruptive, as his daily routine interferes with her writing of her second novel. Chu teaches tai chi classes at the local Chinese cultural center on Sundays, where he meets Mrs. Chen, another Beijing immigrant who teaches cooking.The narrative depicts the conflict between Chu and Martha, as well as Alex's struggle between filial duty and practical responsibilities. One evening, while Alex is out, Chu goes for a walk against Martha's wishes, triggering a family crisis. Subsequently, Chu moves out of the house to live independently. He finds a job as a dishwasher in a small Chinatown apartment but faces discrimination from the owner. Using his tai chi skills, Chu defends himself during a confrontation with the owner, earning respect from others.The story concludes with Alex realizing his misunderstandings about his father and attempting to reconcile. Despite Chu's insistence on living alone, Alex expresses his love and hopes for him to visit regularly and see his grandson. Ultimately, Chu and Mrs. Chen continue their lives in Chinatown, pursuing freedom and independence.
958	To Live (Huozhe) (1994)	Drama	In the 1940s, Xu Fugui, a rich man's son and compulsive gambler, loses his family property to a man named Long'er. His father dies after signing over the family house to Long'er, and wife Jiazhen, leaves him, along with their daughter, Fengxia, and their unborn son, Youqing. Long'er does, however, give Fugui a set of shadow puppets. He starts a shadow puppet troupe with a partner named Chunsheng. The Chinese Civil War is occurring at the time, and Fugui and Chunsheng are conscripted into the Kuomintang's Republic of China armed forces during a performance. Midway through the war, the two are captured by the communist People's Liberation Army and earn a certificate of commendation for performing their shadow puppet operas for the communist revolutionaries. After the Communist victory, Fugui returns home, only to find out that due to a week-long fever, Fengxia his daughter has become mute and partially deaf.Soon after his return, Fugui learns that Long'er burned all his property just to deny the new regime from seizing it. No one helped put out the fire because Long'er was a gentry. He is eventually put on trial and sentenced to execution. As Long'er is pulled away, he recognizes Fugui in the crowd and tries to talk to him as he is dragged toward the execution grounds. Realizing that Long'er's fate would have been his if not for his "misfortune" years earlier, Fugui is filled with fear and runs into an alleyway before hearing five gunshots. He runs home to tell Jiazhen what has happened, and they quickly pull out the certificate stating that Fugui served in the communist People's Liberation Army. Jiazhen assures him they are no longer gentries and will not be killed.The story moves forward a decade into the future, to the time of the Great Leap Forward. The local town chief enlists everyone to donate all scrap iron to the national drive to produce steel and make weaponry for invading Taiwan. As an entertainer, Fugui performs for the entire town nightly, and is very smug about his singing abilities.Soon after, some boys begin picking on Fengxia. Youqing decides to get back at one of the boys by dumping spicy noodles on his head during a communal lunch. Fugui is furious, but Jiazhen stops him and tells him why Youqing acted the way he did. Fugui realizes the love his children have for each other.The children are exhausted from the hard labor they are doing in the town and try to sleep whenever they can. They eventually get a break during the festivities for meeting the scrap metal quota. The entire village eats dumplings in celebration. In the midst of the family eating, schoolmates of Youqing call for him to come prepare for the District Chief. Jiazhen tries to make Fugui let him sleep but eventually relents and packs her son twenty dumplings for lunch. Fugui carries his son to the school, and tells him to heat the dumplings before eating them, as he will get sick if he eats cold dumplings. He must listen to his father to have a good life.Later on in the day, the older men and students rush to tell Fugui that his son has been killed by the District Chief. He was sleeping on the other side of a wall that the Chief's Jeep was on, and the car ran into the wall, injuring the Chief and crushing Youqing. Jiazhen, in hysterics, is forbidden to see her son's dead body, and Fugui screams at his son to wake up. Fengxia is silent in the background.The District Chief visits the family at the grave, only to be revealed as Chunsheng. His attempts to apologize and compensate the family are rejected, particularly by Jiazhen, who tells him he owes her family a life. He returns to his Jeep in a haze, only to see his guard restraining Fengxia from breaking the Jeep's windows. He tells the guard to stop and walks home.The story moves forward again another decade, to the Cultural Revolution. The village chief advises Fugui's family to burn their puppet drama props, which have been deemed as counter-revolutionary. Fengxia carries out the act, and is oblivious to the Chief's real reason for coming: to discuss a suitor for her. Fengxia is now grown up and her family arranges for her to meet Wan Erxi, a local leader of the Red Guards. Erxi, a man crippled by a workplace accident, fixes her parents' roof and paints depictions of Mao Zedong on their walls with his workmates. He proves to be a kind, gentle man; he and Fengxia fall in love and marry, and she soon becomes pregnant.Chunsheng, still in the government, visits immediately after the wedding to ask for Jiazhen's forgiveness, but she refuses to acknowledge him. Later, he is branded a reactionary and a capitalist. He comes to tell them his wife has committed suicide and he intends to as well. He has come to give them all his money. Fugui refuses to take it. However, as Chunsheng leaves, Jiazhen commands him to live, reminding him that he still owes them a life.Months later, during Fengxia's childbirth, her parents and husband accompany her to the county hospital. All doctors have been sent to do hard labor for being over educated, and the students are left as the only ones in charge after they have "overthrown" the doctors. Wan Erxi manages to find a doctor to oversee the birth, removing him from confinement, but he is very weak from starvation. Fugui purchases seven steamed buns (mantou) for him and the family decides to name the son Mantou, after the buns. However, Fengxia begins to hemorrhage, and the nurses panic, admitting that they do not know what to do. The family and nurses seek the advice of the doctor, but find that he has overeaten and is semiconscious. The family is helpless, and Fengxia dies from postpartum hemorrhage (severe blood loss). The point is made that the doctor ate 7 buns, but that by drinking too much water at the same time, each bun expanded to the size of 7 buns: therefore Fengxia's death is a result of the doctor's having the equivalent of 49 buns in his belly.The movie ends six years later, with the family now consisting of Fugui, Jiazhen, their son-in-law Erxi, and grandson Mantou. The family visits the graves of Youqing and Fengxia, where Jiazhen, as per tradition, leaves dumplings for her son. Erxi buys a box full of young chicks for his son, which they decide to keep in the chest formerly used for the shadow puppet props. When Mantou inquires how long it will take for the chicks to grow up, Fugui's response is a more tempered version of something he said earlier in the film. He expresses optimism for his grandson's future, and the film ends with his statement, "and life will get better and better" as the whole family sits down to eat.
959	Dazed and Confused (1993)	Comedy	On May 28, 1976, the last day of school at Lee High School in Austin, Texas, the following year's group of seniors prepare for the annual hazing of incoming freshmen. Randall "Pink" Floyd, the school's star quarterback, is asked to sign a pledge promising not to take drugs during the summer or do anything that would "jeopardize the goal of a championship season". When classes end, the incoming freshman boys are hunted down by the seniors and paddled. The incoming girls are rounded up in the school parking lot by senior girls (led by Darla), covered in mustard, ketchup, flour, and raw eggs, and forced to propose to senior boys.As day fades to night, freshman Mitch Kramer escapes the initial hazing with his best friend Carl Burnett, but is later cornered after a baseball game and violently paddled. Fred O'Bannion, a senior participating in the hazing tradition for a second year after failing to graduate, delights in punishing Mitch. Pink gives the injured Mitch a ride home and offers to take him cruising with friends that night. Plans for the evening are ruined when Kevin Pickford's parents discover his intention to host a keg party. Elsewhere, the intellectual trio of Cynthia Dunn, Tony Olson, and Mike Newhouse decides to participate in the evening's festivities. Pink and his friend David Wooderson, a man in his early 20s who still socializes with high school students, pick up Mitch and head for the Emporium, a pool hall frequented by teens.As the night progresses, students loiter around the Emporium, listen to rock music, cruise the neighborhood, and frequent a local drive-through restaurant. Mitch is introduced to sophomore Julie Simms, with whom he shares a mutual attraction. While cruising again with Pink, Pickford, and Don Dawson, Mitch drinks beer and smokes marijuana for the first time. After a game of mailbox baseball, a neighborhood resident brandishing a gun threatens to call the police. They barely escape after he fires at their car. After returning to the Emporium, Mitch runs into his middle school friends and hatches a plan with them to exact revenge on O'Bannion. The freshmen dump paint on him from a roof, causing him to leave in a rage.After the Emporium closes, an impromptu keg party is planned in a field under a moonlight tower. Cynthia, Tony, and Mike arrive at their first keg party, where tough guy Clint Bruno threatens Mike. Tony runs into freshman Sabrina Davis, whom he met earlier during the hazing, and begins spending time with her. Mike, suffering from the humiliation of his confrontation with Clint, makes a stand by punching him. In return, he gets tackled by Clint and receives a beating. Pink and Wooderson break up the fight. Football player Benny O'Donnell confronts Pink about his refusal to sign the pledge. Pink, the only player not to have signed, believes it violates his individuality and beliefs.Mitch leaves the keg party with Julie. They drive to a nearby hill overlooking town to make out. Tony gives Sabrina a ride home, and they kiss goodnight. As night turns to dawn, Pink, Wooderson, Don, Ron Slater, and several other friends decide to smoke marijuana on the 50-yard line of the football field, where Wooderson advises Pink to "keep livin'" without concern for what is expected of him. The police arrive and, upon recognizing Pink and Don, call Coach Conrad, their football coach. Conrad lectures Pink about hanging out with "losers" and insists he sign the pledge. Pink says that he might play football, but he will not sign it, and leaves with Wooderson and Slater to travel to Houston to obtain tickets to an Aerosmith concert. Mitch arrives home after sunrise to find his mother has waited up for him. She decides against punishment, but warns him about coming home late again. Mitch goes to his bedroom, puts on headphones, and listens to "Slow Ride" by Foghat, as Pink, Wooderson, Slater, and Simone Kerr travel down a highway to purchase their tickets.
960	Naked (1993)	Drama	In a Manchester alley, Johnny is having sex with a woman, who initially encourages him but then protests that he is hurting her, pushes him away, and runs off vowing that "her Bernard" will get vengeance on him for this. Johnny grabs his things from his apartment, steals a car, and flees to Dalston, a "scrawny, unpretentious area" in east London. He seeks refuge at the home of Louise, a former girlfriend from Manchester, who is not happy to see him. Louise works as a file clerk and lives with two flatmates, the unemployed Sophie, whom she calls her "hippy-dippy friend", and the primary tenant Sandra, a nurse who is away in Zimbabwe.Johnny seduces Sophie while treating Louise coldly, but soon tires of her. He leaves and walks around central London, expounding his world view at length to anyone who will listen. Among the people he meets are Archie, a young Scottish man looking for his girlfriend Maggie on Brewer Street, and Brian, a security guard who looks after an empty office building at night, which Johnny calls "the most tedious job in England", while planning to move to a seaside cottage in the future.After pursuing a drunk woman and rejecting her when he notices a skull and crossbones tattoo on her shoulder, Johnny follows a young cafe worker home but is thrown out when she starts crying. He hitches a ride with a man hanging posters around town until the man, exasperated by Johnny's nonstop haranguing, throws him down in the street and kicks him before driving off with Johnny's duffel bag containing his clothes and books. Johnny wanders the streets and is severely beaten by a wandering gang of thugs.He returns to Louise's residence to find that their landlord Jeremy (aka Sebastian), a psychopathic and amoral yuppie and rapist, has let himself into the apartment. Jeremy raped Sophie and dropped several hundred pounds for her 'services'. Sophie is desperate to get Jeremy out of the house, but she and Louise fear the police will not help. They try to keep the injured Johnny quiet, but he has a fit that awakens the sleeping Jeremy.Sandra returns early from her trip. Though horrified by the state of the apartment, she tends to Johnny's injuries. Louise drives Jeremy from the house by feigning interest in him but then pulling a knife on him. Feeling desolate and rejected, Sophie flees the house with her few possessions. Louise and Johnny seemingly reconcile and discuss returning to Manchester together, but once she leaves for work, Johnny steals the money and hobbles out into the streets.
961	Orlando (1993)	Drama	The story begins in the Elizabethan era, shortly before the death of Queen Elizabeth I in 1603. On her deathbed, the queen promises an androgynous young nobleman named Orlando a large tract of land and a castle built on it, along with a generous monetary gift; both Orlando and his heirs would keep the land and inheritance forever, but Elizabeth will bequeath it to him only if he assents to an unusual command: "Do not fade. Do not wither. Do not grow old." Orlando acquiesces and reposes in splendid isolation in the castle for a couple of centuries during which time he dabbles in poetry and art. His attempts to befriend a celebrated poet backfire when the poet ridicules his verse. Orlando then travels as English ambassador to the Ottoman Empire. After years of diplomatic service, he participates in a battle but flees after witnessing the first death. Waking seven days later, he learns something startling: he has transformed into a woman.The now Lady Orlando comes home to her estate in Middle-Eastern attire, only to learn that she faces several impending lawsuits arguing that Orlando was a woman all along and therefore has no right to the land or any of the royal inheritance that the queen had promised. The succeeding two centuries tire Orlando; the court case, bad luck in love, and the wars of British history eventually bring the story to the present day (the early 1990s). Orlando now has a young daughter in tow and is in search of a publisher for her book. The literary editor who judges the work as "quite good" is portrayed by Heathcote Williams—the same actor who played the poet who had, earlier in the film, denigrated Orlando's poetry. Having lived a most bizarre existence, Orlando, relaxing with her daughter, points out to her an angel.
962	Ruby in Paradise (1993)	Drama	Ruby is a woman in her early 20s and the narrator of the film. She leaves her small town in Tennessee after her mother dies, ultimately landing in Panama City, Florida, a summer resort town she visited as a child. She arrives in Panama City (nicknamed "Redneck Riviera") in the fall, the beginning of the off-season when tourism is slow. Despite this, Ruby manages to get a job at Chambers Beach Emporium, a souvenir store run by Mildred Chambers. Mildred rejects Ruby’s application initially, but Ruby wins her over by telling her, "I've done retail before, and I work real cheap."Over the course of a year Ruby keeps a journal where she contemplates her career ups and downs, her love life, her past, and her future. Ruby's introspective narration is interspersed with routine scenes at the souvenir store, and conversations with her friend Rochelle or the men she dates, Ricky and Mike.
963	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade (1993)	Drama, Thriller	Billy Bob Thornton (born August 4, 1955) is an American actor, filmmaker, singer and songwriter. He received international attention after writing, directing and starring in the independent drama film Sling Blade (1996), for which he won an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor. For his role in A Simple Plan (1998) he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Thornton is known for his film roles in One False Move (1992), Tombstone (1993), Dead Man (1995), U Turn (1997), Primary Colors (1998), Armageddon (1998), Monster's Ball (2001), The Man Who Wasn't There (2001), Intolerable Cruelty (2003), Bad Santa (2003) and Friday Night Lights (2004). He has written a variety of films, including A Family Thing (1996) and The Gift (2000) and has directed films such as All the Pretty Horses (2000), Daddy and Them (2001) and Jayne Mansfield's Car (2012). Thornton is known for his roles on television acting in the CBS sitcom Hearts Afire from 1992 to 1995. In 2014, he starred as Lorne Malvo in the first season of the FX anthology series Fargo, earning a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or Movie and winning a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Miniseries or Television Film. From 2016 to 2021 he played Billy McBride in the Amazon legal drama series, Goliath, which earned him a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama. In 2024, he began playing the lead role of Tommy Norris in the Paramount+ series Landman. Thornton has released four solo albums and is the vocalist of the rock band the Boxmasters. Thornton has been vocal about his distaste for celebrity culture, choosing to avoid the public eye. He has been married six times, including to Angelina Jolie from 2000 to 2003.
964	Month by the Lake, A (1995)	Comedy, Drama	A Month by the Lake is a 1995 romantic comedy film starring Vanessa Redgrave, Edward Fox and Uma Thurman. The picture is directed by John Irvin and is based on the story by H.E. Bates. The supporting cast features Alida Valli and Alessandro Gassman.
965	Funny Face (1957)	Comedy, Musical	Maggie Prescott, a fashion magazine publisher and editor for Quality magazine, is looking for the next big fashion trend. She wants a new look which is to be both "beautiful" and "intellectual". She and top fashion photographer Dick Avery want models who can "think as well as they look." The two brainstorm and come up with the idea to use a book store in Greenwich Village as backdrop.They find what they want in "Embryo Concepts", which is being run by the shy shop assistant and amateur philosopher, Jo Stockton. Jo thinks the fashion and modelling industry is nonsense, calling it "chichi, and an unrealistic approach to self-impressions as well as economics". Maggie decides to use Jo but after the first shot Jo is locked outside to keep her from interrupting Maggie’s take-over of the shop. The crew leaves the store in a shambles; Dick stays behind to help clean up and apologizes to Jo, then kisses her impulsively. Jo dismisses him, but her song "How Long Has This Been Going On?" shows that she feels the stirrings of romance.What Jo wants above all is to go to Paris and attend the famous Professor Émile Flostre's philosophy lectures about empathicalism. When Dick gets back to the darkroom, he sees something in Jo's face which is new and fresh and would be perfect for the campaign, giving it "character", "spirit", and "intelligence". They send for Jo, pretending they want to order some books from her shop. Once she arrives, they try to make her over and attempt to cut her hair. She is outraged and runs away, only to hide in the darkroom where Dick is working. When Dick mentions Paris, Jo becomes interested in the chance to see Professor Flostre and is finally persuaded to model for the magazine. Dick sings "Funny Face".Soon, Maggie, Dick, and Jo are off to Paris to prepare for a major fashion event, shooting photos at famous landmarks from the area. During the various shoots, Jo and Dick fall in love ("He Loves and She Loves"). One night, when Jo is getting ready for a gala, she learns Flostre is giving a lecture at a cafe nearby, which she attends. Eventually, Dick brings her back and they get into an argument at the gala's opening, which results in Jo being publicly embarrassed and Maggie outraged.Jo goes to talk to Flostre at his home. Through some scheming, Maggie and Dick gain entrance to the soirée there. After performing an impromptu song and dance (“Clap Yo’ Hands” from the Gershwins’ 1926 musical Oh, Kay!) for Flostre's disciples, they confront Jo and Flostre. This leads to Dick causing Flostre to fall and knock himself out. Jo urges them to leave but when Flostre comes round, he tries to seduce her. Shocked at the behavior of her "idol", she smashes a vase over his head and runs out, returning just in time to take part in the final fashion show. During this, Maggie tries to get in touch with Dick, who has made plans to leave Paris. Before her wedding gown finale, Jo looks out the window and sees the plane Dick was supposed to be on flying over the city. Believing that he has refused to return to her, she runs off the runway in tears at the conclusion of the show.Meanwhile, Dick is still at the airport. He runs into Flostre and learns how Jo had attacked him. Realizing how much Jo cares, Dick returns to the fashion show, but Jo is nowhere to be found. Finally, after applying the insights of empathicalism at Maggie's behest, Dick guesses that Jo would return to the church where he had photographed her in a wedding dress and they shared their first romantic moment. On his arrival there himself, he finds Jo (in the wedding gown) by a little brook. They join in the duet "'S Wonderful" and embrace.
966	Affair to Remember, An (1957)	Romance	Nickie Ferrante, a well-known playboy, meets Terry McKay aboard the transatlantic ocean liner SS Constitution en route from Europe to New York. Each is romantically involved with someone else. After a series of meetings aboard the ship, they establish a friendship. When Terry joins Nickie on a brief visit to his grandmother Janou while the ship is anchored near her home at Villefranche-sur-Mer on the Mediterranean coast, she sees Nickie with new eyes and their feelings become deeper. During their visit, Janou tells Terry that Nickie is a talented painter but destroys most of his paintings because they don't meet his standards. As the ship returns to New York City, they agree to reunite at the top of the Empire State Building in six months' time if they have succeeded in ending their relationships and starting new careers.On the day of their rendezvous, Terry, hurrying to reach the Empire State Building, is struck down by a car while crossing a street. Gravely injured, she is rushed to the hospital. Meanwhile, Nickie, waiting for her at the observation deck at the top of the building, is unaware of the accident and, after many hours, leaves at midnight, believing that she has rejected him.After the accident, Terry, now unable to walk, refuses to contact Nickie because of her disability. Instead, she finds work as a music teacher. Nickie has pursued his painting and has his work displayed by Courbet, an art gallery owner. Six months after the accident, Terry sees Nickie with his former fiancée at the ballet. Nickie does not notice her condition because she is seated, and they both say hello.Nickie learns Terry's address and on Christmas Eve pays her a surprise visit. Although he tries to coax her to explain her actions, Terry dodges the subject, never leaving the couch on which she lies. He gives Terry a shawl that Janou, who has died, left for her. As he is leaving, Nickie mentions a painting on which he had been working when they first met, and that it was just given away to a woman who liked it but had no money. He is about to say that the woman was in a wheelchair when he pauses, suddenly suspecting why Terry has been lying still on the couch. He walks into her bedroom and sees the painting hanging on the wall, realizing that she was the woman in the wheelchair. The film ends with the two in a tight embrace as Terry says, "If you can paint, I can walk. Anything can happen, don't you think?"
967	Little Lord Fauntleroy (1936)	Drama	In a shabby New York City side street in the mid-1880s, young Cedric Errol lives with his mother (known to him as "Dearest") in genteel poverty after the death of his father, Captain Cedric Errol. One day, they are visited by a British lawyer named Havisham, with a message from young Cedric's paternal grandfather, the Earl of Dorincourt, a millionaire who despises the United States and was very disappointed when his youngest son married an American woman. With the deaths of his father's elder brothers, Cedric has now inherited the title Lord Fauntleroy and is the heir to the earldom and a vast estate. Cedric's grandfather wants him to live in the United Kingdom and be educated as a British aristocrat. He offers his son's widow a house and guaranteed income, but refuses to have anything else to do with her, even after she declines his money.However, the Earl is impressed by the appearance and intelligence of his American grandson and is charmed by his innocent nature. Cedric believes his grandfather to be an honorable man and benefactor, and the Earl cannot disappoint him. The Earl therefore becomes a benefactor to his tenants, to their delight, though he takes care to let them know that their benefactor is the child, Lord Fauntleroy.Meanwhile, back in New York, a homeless bootblack named Dick Tipton tells Cedric's old friend Mr. Hobbs, a New York City grocer, that a few years prior, after the death of his parents, Dick's older brother Benjamin married an awful woman who got rid of their only child together after he was born and then left. Benjamin moved to California to open a cattle ranch while Dick ended up in the streets. At the same time, a neglected pretender to Cedric's inheritance appears in the United Kingdom, the pretender's mother claiming that he is the offspring of the Earl's eldest son, Bevis. The claim is investigated by Dick and Benjamin, who come to the United Kingdom and recognize the woman as Benjamin's former wife. She flees, and the Tipton brothers and the pretender, Benjamin's son, do not see her again. Afterward, Benjamin goes back to his cattle ranch in California where he happily raises his son by himself. The Earl is reconciled to his American daughter-in-law, realizing that she is far superior to the impostor.The Earl had planned to teach his grandson how to be an aristocrat. Instead, Cedric teaches his grandfather that an aristocrat should practice compassion towards those dependent on him. The Earl becomes the man Cedric always innocently believed him to be. Cedric is happily reunited with his mother and with Mr. Hobbs, who decides to stay to help look after Cedric.
968	Inspector General, The (1949)	Musical	Georgi, a naive and kind-hearted member of a band of Gypsies is kicked out by their leader Yakov after revealing to some villagers that the elixir they were peddling was fake. Tired and hungry, he wanders into the small town of Brodny. Whilst trying to eat from a horse's feedbag, he is arrested as a horse thief and sentenced to hang the next day.Brodny is run by a corrupt Mayor whose underlings are all his equally corrupt relations. They are frightened when they learn that the Inspector General, an emissary appointed by Napoleon Bonaparte to weed out corruption, is in their region and known to come in disguise. They mistake Georgi for the Inspector, and they coddle him whilst trying to make him leave as soon as possible. Georgi reunites with Yakov, who poses as his advisor and reveals the suffering the Mayor inflicted on the townsfolk. To buy back a church organ the Mayor bought with the people's tax money and then sold to another town, Yakov convinces Georgi to collect bribes, but Yakov privately negotiates with the Mayor for a much larger sum. Meanwhile, the mayor's wife falls for Georgi, hoping he will whisk her away from her inattentive husband—though Georgi has fallen in love with Leza, the mayor's kitchen maid, who inspires him to be a good person and rescue the town.At a party in his honor, Georgi narrowly avoids being exposed by a friend of the real Inspector General. The Mayor and his cronies plot to have Georgi killed, and they lure him to a barn for a woodcutter to murder him. Instead, Yakov learns of the plot beforehand, knocks Georgi unconscious, poses Georgi with his head through a hole in a table (as if he had been decapitated), and the Mayor pays him. Georgi awakens, stops Yakov from absconding with the money, and flees with Leza instead.The real Inspector General arrives, and Georgi is arrested when he returns with Leza and the church organ. Yakov picks the Inspector's pocket for his credentials, briefly saving Georgi's life, but Georgi refuses to have the real Inspector executed and admits his true identity. Moved by his honesty, the Inspector gives Georgi the Mayor's chain of office and names him the new Mayor of Brodny, while telling the prior mayor "We'll put something else around your neck." Yakov becomes the new chief of police, Leza and Georgi become a couple, and the town celebrates Georgi's official appointment.
969	Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day (1968)	Animation, Children's	Piglet is a fictional character from A. A. Milne's Winnie-the-Pooh books. Piglet is Winnie‑the‑Pooh's closest friend amongst all the toys and animals featured in the stories. Although he is a "Very Small Animal" of a generally timid disposition, he tries to be brave and on occasion conquers his fears.
970	Hear My Song (1991)	Comedy	Micky O'Neill tries to revive the fortunes of his Liverpool nightclub by promising his patrons he will present a performance by the legendary Irish tenor Josef Locke. After a series of unfortunate bookings (including Franc Cinatra, a Sinatra impersonator), Micky books the mysterious Mr. X, a man who insists he cannot be booked as Joe Locke due to the legal issues that would invariably ensue. The elusive Locke left the United Kingdom during the 1950s to avoid paying taxes, leaving behind "a beauty queen, a Jaguar sportscar, and a pedigree dalmatian, all of them pining". O'Neill's personal and professional life are left in ruin after beauty queen Cathleen Doyle exposes his Mr. X as a fraud. O'Neill returns to Ireland to find the true Josef Locke and bring him back.
971	Mediterraneo (1991)	Comedy, War	In 1941, one year after Italy joined Germany against the Allies in World War II, a small group of misfit Italian soldiers is sent to Megísti, a small Greek island in the Aegean Sea, for four months of lookout duty. The soldiers include a lieutenant who likes art, a macho sergeant, a ski instructor accompanied by his beloved donkey Silvana, and other quirky people. They are not very good soldiers, but a cross section of average, independent men, who like the Greeks and the occasional visiting Turk; the catchphrase "One face, one race" occurs throughout the story.Expecting an attack, the soldiers take many inept precautions. They find a small town with no people. That night, they see bombing on the horizon, and, by radio interception, discover that the ship that was intended to pick them up has been destroyed. Mysteriously, people reappear in the village; the villagers say they hid because the Germans had taken all the men, but having seen that the Italians are harmless, they have decided to return to their normal lives. It's not long before everyone's sunny nature appears. The Italian soldiers, unacquainted with a war they clearly do not sense as theirs, are absorbed into the life, heat and landscape of the idyllic island.The local Orthodox priest befriends the lieutenant, an amateur painter, and asks him to restore the murals in his church. Meanwhile two soldiers, who are brothers, befriend a young woman who is a shepherdess. They eventually consummate their friendship with the shepherdess who in turn loves them equally. Sergeant Lo Russo, the only member of the crew with a fiery spirit for war, takes up folk dancing and begins to reflect on his place in the universe. Meanwhile, the shyest soldier, Farina, falls in love with the island's prostitute named Vasilissa. The two get married and remain on the island to pursue Vasilissa's dream of opening a restaurant. The rest of the group returns to Italy.In their old age, three of the men are reunited on the island after visiting the tomb of Vasilissa, who had died.
972	Passion Fish (1992)	Drama	May-Alice Culhane, a New York actress on a daytime soap opera, lies in a hospital bed, confused and scared because she is unable to sit up. She attempts to press the call button but ends up switching on the TV, which happens to be playing a scene from the soap featuring her.Culhane has been left paralyzed after an accident on her way to getting her legs waxed. With no other options, she returns to her family's old and empty home in Louisiana, where she drinks hard, is dissatisfied with every caregiver, and wallows in self-pity.Her outlook begins to change with the arrival of Chantelle, a nurse with her own problems. The two gradually find a heartfelt connection with each other, and as a result, their lives subtly change.
973	Grateful Dead (1995)	Documentary	The discography of the rock band the Grateful Dead includes more than 200 albums, the majority of them recorded live in concert. The band has also released more than two dozen singles and a number of videos. The Grateful Dead formed in the San Francisco Bay Area in 1965 amid the counterculture of the 1960s. They had many musical influences, and their music evolved to a great degree over time. They made extensive use of improvisation, and are considered one of the originators of jam band music. The founding members were Jerry Garcia on guitar and vocals, Bob Weir on guitar and vocals, Phil Lesh on bass and vocals, Bill Kreutzmann on drums, and Ron "Pigpen" McKernan on organ, harmonica, percussion, and vocals. Pigpen died in 1973, but the other four remained with the band for its entire 30-year history. Second drummer Mickey Hart was also in the band for most of that time. Others who were band members at different times were keyboardists Tom Constanten, Keith Godchaux, Brent Mydland, Vince Welnick, and Bruce Hornsby, and vocalist Donna Jean Godchaux. While they were together, from 1965 to 1995, the Grateful Dead released thirteen studio albums and nine contemporary live albums. The nine live albums were recently recorded and mostly contained previously unreleased original material. They filled the role of traditional studio albums, and were an integral part of the contemporaneous evolution of the band. (The Dead's second album, Anthem of the Sun, was an experimental amalgam of studio and live material.) In 1991, the band started releasing retrospective live albums, a practice that has continued to the present time. There are several series of these albums. The "traditional" live releases were created by remixing multitrack recordings of concerts. A second series of live albums, from 1993 to 2005, was Dick's Picks, concert recordings selected for their musical excellence but made using stereo recordings that did not allow the different musical parts to be remixed. Another series of albums was released in 2005 and 2006 in the form of digital downloads. This was followed by a series from 2007 to 2011 called Road Trips, and then, starting in 2012, by Dave's Picks. The Grateful Dead's video albums include some albums that were released as both audio CDs and concert DVDs, either separately or together, and some that were released only on video, as well as two theatrical films. The band has also released several compilation albums and box sets.
974	Eye for an Eye (1996)	Drama, Thriller	Karen and Mack McCann are happily married with two daughters, seventeen-year-old Julie (from Karen's previous marriage) and six-year-old Megan. One afternoon while Karen is out shopping, Julie is violently raped and murdered after answering the door to a stranger, which Karen overhears on the phone. Detective Joe Denillo assures the McCanns there is enough DNA evidence to find and convict the killer, and encourages Karen to seek counselling.At a support group, Karen meets other people who have suffered child bereavement, including Albert and Regina Gratz, and Sidney Hughes. During one meeting, Karen overhears Albert talking to Sidney about something which alarms Regina. Meanwhile, the DNA tests reveal Julie's killer to be Robert Doob, a delivery driver with a criminal record. However, at a pre-trial hearing, the judge dismisses the case because the defense did not receive a sample of the evidence for testing. Karen and Mack are distraught as Doob walks free.While Mack is desperate to get back to a normal life, Karen becomes increasingly obsessed with Doob. She starts tailing him around town, learning where he lives and monitoring his activity while he goes out on deliveries. She attempts to warn one of his regular customers, a young Spanish woman, but she cannot understand as she does not speak English. Karen later learns that the murderer of the Gratzes' son has been killed in a drive-by shooting just days after being released from prison. Angel, another woman in the support group whose young son was murdered, tells Karen the best way to get over her grief is to focus on having good experiences with her surviving daughter.When Doob discovers Karen is stalking him, he shows up at Megan's school when Karen comes to pick her up, and threatens to harm Megan if she continues following him. Worried for Megan's safety, and with her sanity declining, Karen approaches Sidney, who admits to setting up the drive-by shooting. After Karen demands his help, he agrees to plan a hit on Doob, on the condition that she has to carry it out, which Karen agrees to. She joins a self-defense class, which increases her confidence, helps rekindle her marriage, and improves her relationship with Megan. However, after Karen receives a revolver from Sidney, she discovers Angel lied about her son being killed, and that he is alive, and Angel is an undercover FBI agent investigating vigilante activity within the support group. Angel warns her not to go ahead with the hit; Karen then calls Sidney to withdraw her involvement. Soon after, the woman Karen tried to warn is raped and murdered by Doob, and he is arrested. To Karen's outrage, he is freed yet again due to a lack of admissible evidence, and she decides to take matters into her own hands. While Mack intends to take the family on vacation, Karen deliberately orchestrates a work emergency as an alibi that forces her to stay behind, telling him and Megan to go on ahead of her. She then sneaks into Doob's apartment while he is away and trashes it, knowing that he will realize she was responsible. That evening, Doob breaks into Karen's home, and she confronts him with the revolver she received from Sidney. Doob declares that he has no personal reason for killing her daughter, simply stating it felt good to do so, and the two struggle. Believing Karen is powerless when she is forced down the stairs, Doob prepares to kill her while again declaring that it isn't personal, but to his shock, Karen reveals she still has the revolver, and she retorts that what she's about to do to him is personal before shooting a stunned Doob multiple times, killing him.When the police arrive, Denillo tells Karen that he is on to her, but since he is unable to prove that Doob's killing was premeditated, he decides to tell his colleague that Karen acted in self-defense. At the same time, Mack and Megan return home, having also caught on to Karen's plan, and see the police taking away Doob's dead body. Mack quietly comforts Karen, understanding what she has done.
975	Fear (1996)	Thriller	Sixteen-year-old Nicole Walker lives in the suburbs of Seattle with her father Steven, his new wife Laura, and Laura's son Toby. While she is at a cafe with her best friend Margo and their friend Gary, Nicole meets David McCall and instantly falls for his good looks and charm.Steven dislikes David and grows angry with him when he disregards Nicole's curfew and, eventually, has sex with her. David soon becomes possessive and jealous of Nicole, culminating in attacking Gary when he sees them hugging, beating him up, and giving Nicole a black eye. As a result, she breaks up with him, but they get back together when David apologizes to her for his actions. He later manipulates her into believing her father assaulted him.David invites Nicole to a party at his friend Logan's house. At first, she declines but then decides to drive to the party, where she witnesses Margo smoking crack and apparently going off to have sex with David, although Margo is actually sexually assaulted.The following day, Nicole confronts David about his infidelity and breaks up with him for good. She also confronts Margo, refusing to believe that David sexually assaulted her. He then threatens Margo so she will convince her friend to take him back. After seeing Gary help Nicole into her stepmom's car, David follows and kills him.Nicole goes with Laura and Toby to the mall, where David corners her in the women's restroom, vowing that he will not let anyone stand in the way of him having Nicole to himself. Meanwhile, Steven finds his car vandalized with an insulting note left by David.Furious, Steven breaks into the house David shares with Logan and vandalizes it after discovering a shrine David made for Nicole. In retaliation for the vandalism, David heads to the Walkers' residence with his four friends: Logan, Terry, Knobby, and Hacker, aiming to harm Nicole's family and abduct Nicole.After Margo informs the Walkers of Gary's death, David and his gang arrive and behead Kaiser, the family dog, then make multiple attempts to break inside. Steven and Laura barricade the doors and Laura injures Hacker with a drill, leading Knobby to take him to the hospital. Using a flashlight, Nicole sends an SOS to the Walkers' private security guard Larry, who arrives to investigate but is killed by Terry.David, Logan, and Terry take Steven hostage, forcing Laura to surrender. Toby escapes through a window and gets to Laura's car phone to call 911. After Terry finds him in the garage, Toby fatally runs him over with the SUV. Logan forces himself onto Nicole; Margo arrives and intervenes but is knocked unconscious.David shoots Logan dead for attempting to rape Nicole and then tells her that he intends to kill her father so he can finally have her, believing that Nicole will forgive and accept him. After Toby retrieves Larry's keys and releases his parents, Steven rushes at David. However, David overpowers him and prepares to kill him, until Nicole saves her father by impaling David with a peace pipe (a gift from David himself).As a hurt David looks at Nicole in shock, Steven gets back up and brawls with him. An enraged David attempts to attack Nicole, but Steven furiously throws him to his death through the bedroom window. The family embraces as the police and paramedics arrive.
976	Solo (1996)	Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller	Solo is an android designed as a military killing machine. He is sent to Central America by General Haynes to battle guerrilla insurgents, but a flaw develops in his programming, and he develops a conscience and compassion. His developers try to take him back for deprogramming, but he flees to the jungle in a helicopter. His main energy supply was damaged during the first mission, forcing him to switch to his much less powerful secondary power. He joins a small village community that is under constant threat from guerilla attackers, and he protects them in exchange for use of their electric generator (they previously used it to power a television). There, he learns to 'bluff' from a child that befriends him, Miguel.Solo helps the villagers drive off local Warlord Rio and his small army, but the combat is detected by a military satellite. A black ops team is sent to recover or destroy Solo, while they ally with Rio. The highly sadistic black ops leader, Colonel Frank Madden, who has an intense hatred for Solo as he sees Solo renders the Black Ops members like him out of job, brings in Dr. Bill Stewart, Solo's creator, as a lure, leaving the man mortally wounded but Solo survives. Having occupied the village, the militiamen and black ops team attempt to kill Solo, but he manages to kill them.Rio is betrayed by Madden, who tries to kill Solo with an automatic grenade launcher. Solo is able to fight Madden in hand-to-hand combat and non-fatally break his spine. Suddenly a helicopter delivers a more powerful version of the android, which is armed with a multi-barreled gun and has Madden's face. The MkII kills Madden and proceeds to hunt down Solo. Solo rescues the villagers and destroys the MkII android, using his acquired bluffing skills. After the temple, the two androids fought in collapses, causing the military to pull out believing both units are destroyed and unrecoverable, Miguel mourns Solo believing he was destroyed by cave-in, but Miguel starts to hear Solo, laughing, as he knows he has earned his freedom.
977	Substitute, The (1996)	Action	Jonathan Shale is a Vietnam War veteran and mercenary. After a botched covert operation in Cuba in which three men from his platoon were killed, he returns home to Miami. He surprises his girlfriend, Jane Hetzko, at her apartment; she welcomes him warmly. Hetzko is a schoolteacher at inner-city Columbus High School, an institution with a considerable gang problem.Hetzko is particularly disliked by Juan Lacas, leader of the Kings of Destruction (KOD) gang. While jogging one morning, she is attacked and has her leg broken. Jane and Shale believe this to be related to the KOD, which prompts the latter to go undercover as an Ivy League-educated, government-affiliated substitute teacher for his girlfriend's class.Shale arrives at Columbus High School and is initially taken aback by the poor conditions. He is unable to control his class of poorly-educated and poorly-behaved students on the first day but decides to use his street smarts and military tactics to gain the upper hand. Soon enough, he is able to take command by displaying his combat self-defense techniques when students attack him. When students go to the school nurse for help with their injuries, the principal, Claude Rolle, warns Shale that corporal punishment is forbidden, but Shale claims self-defense.During his time teaching, Shale gains the respect of the students when he bonds with them over the similarities between his war experiences and their involvement in petty crime and gangs. He also befriends fellow schoolteacher Darrell Sherman and crosses paths with Juan Lacas, a student who is also a leader in a local gang.Suspicious of the conditions within the school, Shale sets up surveillance cameras throughout the building and discovers that Juan orchestrated the attack on Jane. He also discovers that Juan is secretly working with Rolle to distribute cocaine around Miami for a major narcotics ring. Shale and his team raid a drug deal, using the stolen money to buy music and sports equipment and claim that it is a donation to the school.While speaking with Shale during the school equipment "donation," Sherman initially denies Shale's discovery, accusing him of trying to smear Rolle for racist reasons. Later, Sherman and a female student, Lisa, inadvertently witness the drugs being loaded into one of the school buses as they're leaving campus. While being chased by the dealers, Sherman hides Lisa under the stairwell and tells her to warn Shale and Jane. He then creates a distraction, sacrificing himself.The next day, while Jerome (one of Shale's students) is running the class while Shale is out, Lisa comes to class looking for Shale.  When she stresses the importance of speaking to Shale, Jerome takes her to Jane's house, where he knows Shale will return at some point.While they're aware of Shale's connection to Jane, Rolle sends Juan after her. Shale goes to save Jane at her apartment, but is overcome by the gang members after killing one and incapacitating another. When a neighbor distracts the group by knocking on Jane's door, Shale gets to break free and kills all the gang members except Juan, who grabs Jane and uses her as a human shield.  As Shale is trying to get a good shot, Jerome, who had been tied up on the couch with Lisa, shoots Juan from behind, ending the standoff. After she frees herself, Lisa tells Shale what happened at the school with Mr. Sherman.Now understanding that the school is being used as a distribution center, Shale and his team deploy to the school grounds to enter combat against the remaining KOD members; Johnny Glades, a Native American crime lord who wants his stolen money back from the busted deal; a rival mercenary company led by Janus; and Rolle himself. Ultimately, Shale and Joey Six kill all of the dealers and end up as the only survivors of the battle. As the credits begin to roll, they walk away from the school grounds, discussing future operations as substitute teachers.
978	Heaven's Prisoners (1996)	Mystery, Thriller	A former police detective and Vietnam veteran in New Orleans and a recovering alcoholic, Dave Robicheaux, is living a quiet life in the swamplands of Louisiana with his wife Annie. The couple's tranquility is shattered one day when a drug smuggler's plane crashes in a lake, right before their eyes.Robicheaux succeeds in rescuing a lone survivor from drowning, a female Salvadoran child, whom Annie quickly pulled up onto the boat to seal her jaws over the little girl's mouth and nostrils, administer rescue breathing until she coughs out the lake water. With the arrival of a DEA officer named Dautrieve and an inherent connection to Bubba Rocque, the leading drug kingpin in the area and Robicheaux's longtime friend from New Iberia, Dave becomes involved in solving the case and consequently, finds himself, his wife, and their new adoptive daughter, Alafair, in danger.Robicheaux is assaulted by two thugs as a warning. With help from his former girlfriend Robin, an exotic dancer who still has feelings for him, he continues to investigate. His longtime acquaintance Bubba denies any involvement, but Dave warns him and Bubba's sultry wife Claudette that he is going to find out who is behind all this and do something about it. He tracks down one of the men who attacked him, Eddie Keats, and splits his head open with a pool cue in Keat's own bar. Killers come to the Robicheaux home late one night. Robicheaux is unable to prevent his wife Annie from being killed. He falls off the wagon and neglects the young girl they adopted. Robin comes to stay with them.Clearing his head, Robicheaux seeks vengeance against the three killers. He first goes after a large man called Toot, chasing him onto a streetcar and causing his death. Bubba and Claudette reassure a local mob boss named Giancano that they will not let this vendetta get out of hand, and Bubba gets into a fistfight with Robicheaux, falsely suspecting him of an affair with Claudette. Eddie Keats is found dead before Robicheaux can get to him. Going after the last and most dangerous of the killers, Victor Romero, he knows that someone else must be giving them orders.He finds Romero and kills him. Then, going to Bubba's home, Robicheaux discovers that Claudette planned the hit. After overhearing Claudette confessing her plan to take over the drug business, Bubba appears and shoots Claudette, and Robicheaux calls in the crime. When he returns home, Robin has left forever, and all Robicheaux has left in his life is his daughter Alafair.
979	Trigger Effect, The (1996)	Drama, Thriller	Annie and Matthew, a young married couple, find their infant daughter screaming with a high temperature and an earache. Matthew calls the doctor, who promises to phone in a prescription to the pharmacist the following day. During the night, the neighborhood wakes up due to a massive power outage. When Matthew visits the pharmacist the next day, he is unable to get the required medicine due to the blackout. Matthew steals the medicine when the pharmacist is not looking. Social unrest ensues due to the persistent blackout, leading Matthew and his wife's best friend, Joe, to buy a shotgun, and for Joe to stay with them during the outage.When an intruder breaks into the couple's house the following night, Matthew and Joe chase him outside, where a neighbor shoots the intruder. The neighbors conspire to cover up the fact that the deceased intruder was not armed. As the blackout continues for days over a large area, more chaos occurs. As a result, the group decides to flee to Annie's parents' house, 530 miles away. They do not have enough fuel to travel the whole way, so they stop by an abandoned car hoping to siphon some. A man, Gary, is lying in the backseat. After Joe notices that Gary has a handgun, he heads back to their vehicle to get his own shotgun. Joe aims the shotgun at Gary to scare him off, but he shoots Joe and steals their vehicle.Matthew walks an hour to a farmhouse to try to get help for his family. The occupant, Raymond, refuses to help him initially, as he does not trust him. Matthew collects the shotgun and returns to the house, hoping to steal the car. He breaks in to get the car keys, and a standoff ensues between him and Raymond. When Raymond's young daughter enters the room, Matthew returns to civility, lowering his weapon. Raymond agrees to help Matthew, and soon afterwards Joe is loaded into an ambulance. Society returns to normal once the power returns, though Annie, Matthew and their neighbors are somewhat different from their experience.
980	Mother Night (1996)	Drama	Mother Night is a novel by American author Kurt Vonnegut, first published in February 1962. The novel takes the form of the fictional memoirs of Howard W. Campbell Jr., an American, who moved to Germany in 1923 at age 11, and later became a well-known playwright and Nazi propagandist. The story of the novel is narrated (through the use of metafiction) by Campbell himself, writing his memoirs while awaiting trial for war crimes in an Israeli prison. Campbell also appears briefly in Vonnegut's later novel Slaughterhouse-Five.
981	Dangerous Ground (1997)	Drama	In 1983 South Africa, a young Vusi organizes a radical student protest that is soon put down by police, Vusi is captured and forced to leave for the United States where he settles down in the San Francisco Bay Area.Fourteen years later, Vusi returns to South Africa to attend his father's funeral at the village he grew up in. He is unable to bring himself to slaughter a cow as part of the funeral ritual. Vusi's younger brother Ernest, a former soldier, constantly berates him for his choice to run away to U.S. instead of taking part in "the struggle". This angers Vusi, who tells Ernest: "I was in the struggle while you were still pissing in your pants." While talking with his mother, Vusi wonders why his youngest brother Steven was not at the funeral. His mother admits that they have not seen Steven in a while. She provides Vusi with two addresses and sends him out to find Steven.The first address Vusi checks is Steven's apartment in Johannesburg, where he meets his brother's neighbor Karen. He gives her his contact information, in case she hears anything. After checking the second address, Vusi starts driving out of Soweto. He is confronted by three armed thugs who take his car, jacket, and shirt. The thugs also break his father's spear, a family heirloom. Vusi returns to his hotel and calls his fiancée to tell her what has happened to him. He receives a note from Karen telling him to meet her at The Summit Club.At the club, Vusi discovers Karen's occupation as a stripper. She reports hearing noises, coming from Steven's apartment. After the show, the pair returns to the apartment complex and decides to check the room. Karen climbs along the outside of the building to Steven's open window, where a thug attacks her. The thug flees, knocking over Vusi in his escape. The encounter causes Vusi to wonder what is actually going on with Steven. Karen finally confesses that Steven had borrowed cocaine on "credit" from a drug dealer named Muki. Steven was initially planning to sell the drug and make enough money for Karen and him to travel to the United States and visit Vusi. Steven instead took the money and drugs for himself.With the truth revealed, Karen suggests they check out the local clubs to see if they can find any leads. At a hard-rock club Vusi finds out about Karen's crack cocaine addiction, after watching her take a hit from a pipe. He confronts her about it, and suspects she was the one who got Steven hooked on the drug. The duo are accosted by white supremacist punks outside the club. Two of thugs pin Vusi to a wall at gunpoint, while the leader of the gang hits Karen for associating with a "kaffir". Vusi manages to get the upper hand on the punks, while Karen grabs the gun and hands it over to Vusi. Vusi holds the leader of the punks at gunpoint, before knocking him out and pistol-whipping the other punk. Back at the apartment, Karen asks Vusi to visit her drug dealer and purchase a gram of crack for her. Or else, she will not tell him anything else about Steven. Vusi reluctantly accepts her terms .Karen's drug dealer, Sam, is initially suspicious of Vusi. He becomes relaxed when Vusi reveals that he knows Karen. Sam tells Vusi that Muki will not allow him to sell to Karen. Muki reportedly suspects that Karen and Steven may be working together to hide the money. Sam charges an extra 50 dollars and tells Vusi to stay in the apartment. Vusi answers the door to find Steven, who flees from him down an alley. Vusi returns to the apartment, where he is confronted by a switchblade-wielding Sam. Sam demands to know why he left. Vusi pulls a gun and forces Sam over to the window, interrogating him on the whereabouts of Muki. Sam replies "you don't find Muki, Muki finds you." Sam returns the money to Vusi, along with the drugs Karen asked for.Vusi heads back to Karen's place. Karen learns that Vusi revealed his status as Steven's brother to Sam. She figures that Muki will find out about the connection and becomes paranoid. They leave her apartment and head towards Vusi's hotel room. The next morning, Vusi drops Karen back at her apartment. He is then confronted by one of Muki's men in his car. The car is stopped by more of Muki's men, and Vusi is captured. He is placed in the trunk of a car. Vuki is transported to a soccer stadium, where Muki is waiting to meet him. Muki tells Vusi about his brother's massive debt of 45,000 rand. He threatens to have the entire Madlazi family killed to settle the debt. But he will agree to spare Steven's life and leave them alone, if Vusi is able to bring him 15,000 U.S. dollars in two days.Karen tells Vusi that Steven headed for Sun City, in order to gamble back the money he needs to pay back the debt. The duo head out for the casino. They drive through an Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging (AWB, Afrikaner Resistance Movement) rally and then arrive at the casino. Karen and Vusi split up to search the casino. While playing on a slot machine, Karen is approached by Steven who immediately asks her for some cocaine. Karen informs him that his father has died, information which saddens Steven. Steven tells her that he only managed to make back 2,000 of the 45,000 rand which he owes to Muki, but that he still has 5 grams of Muki's product stashed away. Karen heads up to Steven's room with him. Steven shoots up over half a gram of crack into his arm. An arriving Vusi locates Steven and becomes angry at Karen, for allowing his brother to become an addict. He calms down and the trio leaves the casino.Vusi is only able to get 14,100 dollars to pay back Muki. The trio heads off to the hotel to pay off the debt anyway. Steven yells at Muki for trashing his apartment, but is told to shut up by Vusi. Muki is pleased with the money Vusi was able to bring him. Vusi promises to pay him the rest of the money by the next day. Muki tells Steven that the word is out that people can mess with Muki, and that he must send a message despite their deal. Muki then shoots Steven with Vusi's gun, which had been confiscated on the way in. A man in the apartment, who is revealed to be a detective sergeant, is disgusted at Muki's actions. While Steven's body is moved out, Muki takes a large hit from a bong. He had offered the bong to Steven before shooting him.Steven's corpse is brought back to the village for burial. There, Vusi recruits Ernest to help him take revenge on Muki. While in the village, Vusi's spear is repaired. Vusi is finally able to slaughter a goat, as part of Steven's funeral. Ernest leads Vusi and Karen to a weapons' cache he had buried. With the weapons needed to take their revenge, the trio goes back to Sam's apartment. Under threat of torture, they convince Sam to help them by carrying in a bomb that Ernest had put in a present box.At Muki's place, Sam attempts to warn Muki's men of the bomb in the box. The bomb goes off anyway, killing Sam and the two men guarding the door. Vusi and Ernest move through the apartment. killing Muki's thugs. Vusi is nearly shot by Muki's wife, but is able to see her drawing a gun and kills her first. Ernest checks a back room only to be jumped by the drug-crazed Muki. Muki holds him hostage, in order to get Vusi to drop his weapons. Vusi drops his gun and sees Karen coming up behind Muki. She lets off a burst by her rifle into the ceiling, giving Vusi an opportunity to approach Muki and stab him with his father's spear. Muki is stabbed three times in the stomach, and falls out of a window and onto a car below. The trio flee the building as police show up to investigate the crime scene.At the end of the film, Vusi convinces his fiancée to come to South Africa and settle in his village. She agrees to be on a plane heading there as soon as possible. Karen considers checking into a drug rehabilitation facility to seek treatment for her addiction. Vusi instead suggests that she should come live with them, in order to get some fresh air away from Johannesburg.
982	Maximum Risk (1996)	Action, Adventure, Thriller	A man is chased through the streets of Nice, France, ultimately resulting in his death. Officer Alain Moreau is brought by his partner Sebastien to the scene because the victim's face is identical to Alain's. Matches found in his pocket point towards a hotel, where the proprietor mistakes Alain for "Mikhail Suverov" and gives him the phone message "Call Alex Bohemia." In Mikhail's room is a passport with the same birth date as Alain, and a plane ticket to New York.Alain's mother admits that he has a twin brother whom she gave up at birth because she was impoverished. Alain and Sebastian visit the office of the lawyer who adopted Mikhail. They find the room in flames, and a Russian man attacks Alain. He escapes with the adoption file, which reveals Mikhail was adopted by a Russian family who immigrated to the United States. Alain takes the passport and plane ticket to New York City to investigate Mikhail's death.In New York, Alain discovers Mikhail was a member of the Russian mafia. After mentioning Alex Bohemia, Alain is referred to the Bohemia Club in Little Odessa. There, a woman named Alex Bartlett mistakes him for Mikhail and gives him a key to a hotel room. Wary, Alain rents the room across the hall.When Alex comes to meet him later, Alain reveals that he is Mikhail's brother. Ivan (who saw Mikhail in the club) and his thugs arrive to kill him, believing he is Mikhail. Alain and Alex escape. Alex says that Mikhail was her boyfriend and he had a plan to leave the Mafia. At Mikhail's home, Alain finds out Mikhail discovered his existence when he saw an article in the paper about his war exploits. After more Russians come to the house, Alain and Alex flee to her friend's cabin.The next morning, two FBI agents come to the cabin. They say Mikhail kept evidence against the Mafia that he intended to turn over to them, wanting to reform. They want Alain to pose as Mikhail to access his safe deposit box back in Nice. In actuality, they want to destroy the evidence because it implicates them in colluding with the Mafia.Realizing that the FBI and not the Mafia knew Mikhail was dead, Alain deduces that it was FBI agents who killed Mikhail, and refuses to cooperate. After a fight, Alain handcuffs the agents together and leaves with Alex to visit Kirov, the Mafia's leader. At a banya, Alain tells Kirov that Ivan was trying to kill him. Enraged, Kirov tells Alain the truth about the so-called evidence he has. Ivan then sends the big Russian thug to kill Kirov and Alain. In the ensuing scuffle Kirov dies. Alain escapes, but is arrested by NYPD. The two corrupt FBI agents find Alex and use her to force Alain, whom they bail out of jail, to access the deposit box.Bank policy dictates that only Mikhail can access the safe deposit box, forcing the agents to wait outside while Alain passes for him. In the box is the evidence, and the banker also brings him a box in Alain's name. This one has thousands in cash, a gun and a tape recording from Mikhail explaining how he decided to escape the Mafia and reunite with his family. Alain instructs a banker to turn over the evidence to the US Embassy, and sets off the sprinkler system to make his escape. Ivan, waiting with Sebastien as his hostage, sends in the big Russian. The thug kills the banker and takes the evidence, but Alain catches up and kills him in the elevator.Outside, police officers block off Ivan's escape, giving Alain time to catch up, shoot out Ivan's tires, and rescue Sebastien; Ivan dies in the wreckage. Alain then chases the agents into a meat locker, shoots them both and rescues Alex. Mikhail's evidence of Mafia collusion with the FBI leads to several arrests. Alain takes Alex to meet his mother so she can tell her about Mikhail.
983	Rich Man's Wife, The (1996)	Thriller	Josie Potenza is the trophy wife of workaholic Hollywood producer Tony Potenza, but their marriage is crumbling due to his increased drinking resulting from stress at work. She convinces him to join her for a romantic getaway at a secluded lakeside cabin, but when it becomes obvious his concerns about the studio are going to take precedence over relaxation, she begrudgingly tells him to return home but decides to stay on her own for a few days.Josie sees Cole Wilson ogling her at a local bar and, uncomfortable with the unwanted attention, she leaves. Her Jeep breaks down on a dark, secluded country road and as she starts to hike to the cabin, Cole pulls up in his truck and offers her a lift. He convinces her he is harmless and when he extends an invitation to dinner the following night, Josie accepts.As they linger over drinks after dinner, Josie discusses her unhappy marriage. Although there are problems, and she sometimes fantasizes about her husband's death, she is grateful to Tony for all he has given her and still has hopes for their future. Cole becomes aggressive and she resists his advances. During the drive back to the cabin, he turns off his headlights and begins to drive erratically, and Josie becomes hysterical. When he tries to force himself on her, Josie fires a gun she found in a kitchen drawer and grazes his face with the bullet. Vowing revenge, Cole leaves.With the passing of time, Tony stops drinking and he and Josie successfully work at repairing their damaged marriage. On the way home one rainy night, he stops at an ATM, and Cole conceals himself in the back seat of his car. He forces him to drive to a secluded park and shoots him numerous times, then goes to Josie's home and reveals he has killed her husband. He warns her if she reports him to the police he will tell them she hired him to murder Tony, and demands $30,000 for his silence. When the police question Josie she says nothing about Cole's involvement, but her story - or lack of one - makes detective Dan Fredricks suspicious, and his African American partner Ron Lewis accuses him of suspecting Josie simply because she is black and her husband was white.Josie tells her lover, struggling restaurateur Jake Golden that she knows the identity of Tony's killer but he warns her not to reveal anything. He has an ulterior motive - Jake, desperate for money to finance his failing business when his partner Tony bailed out, had hired Cole to kill Tony so Josie would be free to marry him and he could benefit from her wealth. Complications arise when attorney Bill Adolphe tells Josie all her husband's assets were in his name and he died intestate. All his accounts have been frozen and Josie will have to wait an undetermined amount of time for the court to supervise probate.While Jake's ex-wife Nora tries to convince the police he may have killed Tony, Josie becomes the target of the increasingly deranged Cole. After killing Jake, he traps her in her garage and Josie kills him in the ensuing skirmish. Josie pleads self defense, and when Nora tells them she doesn't believe Josie is clever enough to have masterminded any of the events that have transpired, the police let her go, unaware the two women are partners in crime.
984	Shadow Conspiracy (1997)	Thriller	Bobby Bishop, a brilliant and dedicated special advisor to the President of the United States, finds himself in the heart of Washington, D.C., a city teeming with power, ambition, and hidden agendas. He's a man who knows the corridors of power intimately, navigating the intricate web of alliances and betrayals. When the President announces he is about to take on the Washington establishment with radical cuts to various bloated agencies, the establishment pleads for Bishop to step in and bring some sense to the President. But when Bishop stumbles upon a coded message, a whisper of a conspiracy to kill the President, he knows his life is about to be irrevocably changed. Bobby is contacted by Yuri Pochenko, a Russian-American professor who possesses crucial knowledge about the conspiracy. Pochenko, however, is a man marked for death. A shadowy force, operating under the guise of the American government, has been methodically eliminating anyone who knows the truth. As Bobby and Pochenko meet, the professor is shot in broad daylight, leaving Bobby shaken and the target of a relentless pursuit. He barely escapes with his life.After Pochenko's murder, Bobby finds himself isolated, a lone wolf facing a formidable enemy. However, he is not entirely alone. Amanda Givens, a courageous and tenacious journalist, believes his story and offers her support. Together, they become an unlikely alliance, piecing together the fragments of the conspiracy, a puzzle that leads them deeper into a web of deception and betrayal.As Bobby and Amanda delve deeper, they uncover the truth: Jacob Conrad, the seemingly indispensable Chief of Staff, is the orchestrator of the assassination plot. Conrad, seemingly a man of impeccable integrity, is driven by an insatiable thirst for power. His motives lie in a hidden desire to control the Presidency, a desire fueled by a twisted sense of entitlement.Bobby discovers the President is a target because his recent re-election has ignited a storm of political change, a change Conrad fears will diminish his own power. Conrad has cultivated a network of powerful individuals, all willing to play a deadly game for a chance at greater control. The President's life hangs in the balance.At a fundraising dinner outside the White House, Conrad, convinced he has everything under control, plans to have an assassin use a remote-controlled model helicopter rigged with explosives to assassinate the President. Just as the helicopter takes aim, Bobby, with the help of Amanda, successfully disarms the helicopter and shoots the assassin. Confronted with his own defeat, Conrad, consumed by his ambition, takes his own life.Bobby, having risked everything to save the President and the nation, emerges as a hero. But the experience leaves him forever changed, disillusioned by the corruption that lurks within the halls of power. He knows that the fight for truth and justice is a constant battle, and he is prepared to continue the fight, even in the shadows.
985	Blood & Wine (1997)	Drama	Alex Gates is a Miami wine merchant who has distanced himself from his wife Suzanne with his philandering, and from his stepson Jason with his indifference. Suzanne is recovering from breaking her ankle after falling downstairs while drunk. Heavily in debt, Alex hatches a plan to steal a valuable diamond necklace from the house of his clients, the Reese family, where his Cuban mistress Gabriela works. He cases the house during a wine delivery with Jason, who works in Alex's business. Jason becomes attracted to Gabriela, unaware of her relationship with his stepfather.On the day of the heist, Alex and his partner Victor, a British safe-cracker, arrive at the house under the pretense that the Reeses' wine cellar needs repairs. Gabriela was supposed to let them in, but she was fired the day before. Fortunately, Alex had cultivated a relationship with the security guard and is able to convince him to let them inside. Victor sends Alex and the guard off on an errand while he works on the safe, but a second guard becomes suspicious, although Victor is able to complete the job before being discovered.The pair decide that Alex will pawn the necklace in New York City, and he invites Gabriela to go with him. As he is packing, Suzanne happens upon his airline tickets and immediately realizes he is having another affair. The two get into a physical altercation and Suzanne knocks him out with her walking stick. Panicking, she empties out his suitcase, where he has hidden the necklace, and uses it for her own clothing. Suzanne and Jason flee to the Florida Keys. Upon arriving, they discover the necklace, but Suzanne doesn't want to keep it. Jason has it appraised and discovers it is worth $1 million. He also visits Gabriela back in Miami, giving her the phone number of the place where they are staying.Alex and Victor visit Jason's friend Henry in an attempt to learn his whereabouts. Victor, who is dying of tuberculosis and determined to profit from the heist, assaults Henry before Alex realizes he doesn't know anything. The pair contact various jewelers to be on the lookout for the necklace and get a report from Jason's appraiser. Arriving in Key Largo, Victor pretends to flirt with Suzanne, but Jason, who has gotten a description of Henry's assailant, realizes who he is. After a fight, Jason flees with his mother in their car. Alex and Victor give chase and cause an accident that kills Suzanne. Although injured, Jason discharges himself from the hospital and returns to Miami to kill Alex, only to find Gabriela in his bed. After a brief argument, the two reconcile.Alex discovers Jason and Gabriela the next morning, accusing her of sleeping with his stepson. Victor confronts Jason, who tricks him into thinking that he has returned the necklace to Alex. Victor goes to Alex's house and attacks him before collapsing from exhaustion, whereupon Alex smothers Victor with a pillow. Jason returns to find Victor floating in the pool. Searching his pockets, he finds the photo of Alex holding the pilfered necklace. That night, Jason shows the necklace to Gabriela and confesses that he used one stone to help buy a cabin cruiser from his friend, Henry. The next day, she calls Alex and they search Jason's boat, but Jason, anticipating this, confronts them and he and Alex fight.Eventually, Jason crushes Alex between the boat and the dock, severely injuring him, before fleeing the scene. Gabriela, who had fled with the necklace, returns and leaves it with Alex, insisting that she doesn't want it, but takes one of the diamonds before she leaves. With an ambulance and the police on the way, a defeated Alex realizes he has no choice but to dispose of the necklace and throws it into the ocean. Unbeknownst to him, Jason has hidden the incriminating photo in a travel bag that the police will certainly search. The film ends with Jason, alone on the boat, sailing off into the setting sun on the horizon.
986	Turbulence (1997)	Thriller	Ryan Weaver, an accused serial killer and rapist, is arrested in New York City despite his claims of innocence. Even though police lieutenant Aldo Hines broke protocol during the arrest by assaulting Weaver, the authorities have enough hard evidence to have him extradited to Los Angeles to face trial. Weaver and another prisoner, a bank robber named Stubbs, are escorted by four U.S. marshals onto a TransContinental Airlines 747. Even though it is Christmas Eve, the 747 is nearly empty, with only eleven people on board.During the flight, Stubbs breaks free while using the bathroom and begins a shootout with the marshals. A stray bullet punches a hole in the fuselage, causing explosive decompression, before the hole is sealed with a briefcase. Amidst the chaos, the captain is fatally shot and the first officer is knocked out when his head slams into the yoke, disengaging the autopilot in the process. Weaver frees himself and attempts to save the last remaining marshal, but fails when Stubbs shoots him dead after being shot himself. Weaver enters the cockpit and finds the co-pilot unconscious but breathing.Weaver appears to be horrified by the ordeal, increasing the passengers' trust in him. With the flight crew lost, Teri Halloran, a flight attendant, makes her way into the cockpit and learns she is the only one left capable of keeping the 747 from crashing. The co-pilot is heavily implied to have been murdered by Weaver off-screen. To make matters worse, the plane is heading into a storm which threatens severe turbulence.Weaver's behavior becomes increasingly erratic and paranoid, suffering nervous breakdowns. He locks the passengers in the crew's cabin, then attacks and strangles Maggie, one of the other flight attendants, to death. Weaver then calls Hines at the FBI control center at LAX and threatens to crash the 747 into their facility, stating that he is willing to do anything to avoid being arrested. Weaver reveals to Teri that he committed the murders and attacks her, but she manages to trap him below deck.After the plane survives severe turbulence, Teri must be instructed by radio on how to reprogram the autopilot to land at LAX. Her task is complicated by Weaver's obscene and constant interruptions. Weaver breaks into the avionics bay and smashes the server running the primary autopilot software, rendering the first landing attempt unsuccessful, and forcing a last second go-around. The plane skims a rooftop Japanese restaurant and a multi-story parking garage, but regains the air, though the landing gear picks up a Ford Ranger pickup. The backup autopilot engages, allowing Teri to make efforts to turn the plane around. However, an Air Force officer at LAX sends an F-14 Tomcat to intercept the 747.Teri begs the authorities not to have her shot down, insisting she can land the plane. Weaver breaks into the cockpit with an axe and tries to kill her, but the F-14 destroys the truck instead, shaking the 747 and giving Teri a chance to attack. Teri retrieves a .38 revolver and, in the midst of Weaver's assault, manages to load a bullet and shoots Weaver through the head, killing him. She returns to the pilot's seat and, with radio assistance, safely lands the 747 using the autopilot. Despite Weaver's claims that he killed them all, the other crew and passengers are found alive.
987	Underworld (1997)	Thriller	Underworld is a 1997 novel by American writer Don DeLillo. The novel is centered on the efforts of Nick Shay, a waste management executive who grew up in the Bronx, to trace the history of the baseball that won the New York Giants the pennant in 1951, and encompasses numerous subplots drawn from American history in the second half of the twentieth century. Described as both postmodernist and a reaction to postmodernism, it examines themes of nuclear proliferation, waste, and the contribution of individual lives to the course of history. A best-seller that was nominated for the National Book Award and shortlisted for the Pulitzer Prize, Underworld is often regarded as DeLillo's supreme achievement. In 2006, a survey of eminent authors and critics conducted by The New York Times named Underworld as the runner-up for the best work of American fiction of the past 25 years, behind only Toni Morrison's Beloved.
988	Beautician and the Beast, The (1997)	Comedy, Romance	The film opens with an animated sequence in which a prince awakens a princess with a kiss, though she rejects his romantic advances and runs away. The scene shifts to live action beautician Joy Miller, who teaches at a New York City beauty school. One of her students accidentally sets the classroom ablaze by igniting hair spray with a cigarette. She escorts her class and some caged animals to safety, prompting the New York Post to run a headline praising Joy as a hero. Ira Grushinsky, a diplomat from the Eastern European country Slovetzia, mistakes Joy for a science teacher after seeing a newspaper photo. He hires her as a tutor for the four children of Boris Pochenko, Slovetzia's dictator. However, she misinterprets his job offer as teaching hairstyling. Although she has never heard of the country, she accepts the job despite her initial hesitation. After arriving at Slovetzia, Ira is surprised to discover Joy's true identity, but she convinces him to keep it a secret.Despite making a bad first impression with Boris, Joy gets along with his children Katrina, Karl, Masha, and Yuri. While teaching them about life outside Slovetzia, she also helps them to gain confidence in themselves. She learns about Katrina's relationship with Alek, the leader of the youth rebellion, and encourages Karl to pursue his dream of becoming an artist. Joy frequently clashes with Pochenko, who is disturbed by her independence and his inability to frighten her. Joy and Katrina go to a nightclub which also operates as a base for those planning the rebellion; Prime Minister Leonid Kleist follows the pair and arrests Alek.Growing closer to Joy, Boris confesses to her that he wants to change his reputation as a "beast" among Western nations; she encourages him to form closer relationships with his citizens and shaves his mustache. During a trip to a factory, Joy realizes that Slovetzia lacks trade unions and encourages the workers to hold a strike. She also arranges a secret meeting between Katrina and Alek in his cell. Despite Leonid's advice to fire Joy, she convinces Boris to hold a party for visiting emissaries during a summit meeting to debut his new image; he places her in charge of the preparations. As part of the summit, Boris considers releasing Alek despite Leonid's disapproval. On the day of the event, Joy reveals her identity to Boris, but he does not care about her credentials. He thanks her for bringing happiness to him and his family.During the party, Leonid confronts Joy about her role in Katrina's secret meetings with Alek and threatens to have her arrested for treason. Following Boris' decision to keep Alek in jail, Joy informs him that she had set up meetings between Alek and Katrina; he argues with Joy over her meddling in Slovetzia's political affairs. She quits and returns to New York City. Over the course of several weeks, Leonid quietly takes over administrative duties and signs death sentences in Boris' name. When Ira informs Boris that Leonid is usurping his power, he strips Leonid of his duties and arrests him on charges of treason. Boris reunites with Joy in New York City and informs her that he has freed Alek and agreed to hold free elections in Slovetzia. Boris kisses Joy after admitting his feelings for her.
989	Cats Don't Dance (1997)	Animation, Children's, Musical	In an alternate 1939, in a world where humans and anthropomorphic animals coexist, Daniel "Danny" T. Cat, an optimistic orange tabby cat from Kokomo, Indiana, travels to Hollywood in hopes of starting an acting career there. After meeting a young penguin named Pudge, Danny is selected by agent Farley Wink to feature in a film that is in production at Mammoth Pictures called Lil' Ark Angel, alongside Wink's secretary, a cynical white persian/siamese mix cat named Sawyer. Upon joining fellow animals—Tilly the hippo, Cranston the goat, Frances the fish, and T.W the tortoise—Danny is dismayed on learning how minor his role is and tries weaseling his way into more time in the spotlight. Danny unwittingly angers Darla Dimple, a popular yet spoiled child actress and star of the film; she promptly has her gigantic gorilla-like butler Max intimidate Danny against further attempts to enlarge his part.Danny learns from the studio's mascot Woolie the elephant that human actors are normally given more important roles than animals, whereas animals themselves end up getting minor and often thankless roles to the point of having little to no leverage in show business. The next day, Danny reminds the other animals of their past aspirations by instigating a mass musical performance in an alleyway, which draws Darla's attention. Overhearing Danny's intention to make an appeal to Mammoth Pictures head L.B. Mammoth, Darla invites Danny to her mansion and grants him and the animals full use of the Li'l Ark Angel stage on the day of a press conference held by Mammoth, on the condition that Danny not reveal her involvement in this ostensibly charitable act. Danny happily accepts the offer, unaware that Darla is secretly setting the animals up for failure to prevent them from stealing her spotlight. As the animals prepare their performance on the ark, Darla and Max create a catastrophic flood that washes through Mammoth studios, for which Mammoth blames and dismisses the animals. When the satisfied Darla arrives to thank Danny, he is admonished for his naivety and advised by Woolie to return to Kokomo.That night, Sawyer takes to heart Danny's attempts to keep the animals' dreams alive and tries catching him at the bus stop, but narrowly misses him. However, after a comment from the bus driver and seeing Pudge wander the streets, Danny stops the bus and secretly invites Sawyer, Woolie, Tillie, Cranston, Frances and T.W. to the Lil' Ark Angel premiere. After the screening, Danny battles Max and sends him flying away by deflating Darla's parade balloon, then calls the audience's attention, only to be mocked by Darla, but Sawyer brings the others backstage to help Danny and Pudge. After Danny convinces them not to give up on their dreams no matter what the humans have said or done, the eight animals put on a musical performance that entertains and impresses the viewers. Meanwhile, Darla's attempts to sabotage the performance drastically enhance it, bringing a standing ovation from the audience. A frustrated Darla admits responsibility for the flood, inadvertently destroying her career and exposing herself to the public and Mammoth in the process. Darla tries hiding her true colors, but Pudge pulls a lever, which causes her to fall into a trapdoor. Danny and Sawyer admit their feelings for each other and the animals achieve their dreams for larger roles.
990	Anna Karenina (1997)	Drama, Romance	Anna Karenina is the young and elegant wife of Alexei Karenin, a wealthy Russian nobleman twenty years her senior. She is unhappy and lives only for their son, Seriozha. During a ball in Moscow, she encounters the handsome Count Alexei Vronsky. Vronsky is instantly smitten and follows her to St. Petersburg, pursuing her shamelessly. Eventually, Anna surrenders to her feelings for him and becomes his mistress. Though they are happy together, their relationship soon crumbles after she miscarries his child. Karenin is deeply touched by her pain and agrees to forgive her. However, Anna remains unhappy and, to the scandal of respectable society, she openly leaves her husband for Vronsky.Using her brother as an intermediary, Anna hopelessly begs her husband for a divorce. Karenin, under the poisonous influence of Anna's friend the Countess Lydia Ivanovna, indignantly refuses to divorce and denies her any access to Seriozha. Distraught by the loss of her son, Anna grows severely depressed and self-medicates with laudanum. Before long, she is hopelessly addicted. With Vronsky she has another child, but he is also torn between his love for Anna and the temptation of a respectable marriage in the eyes of society. Anna becomes certain that Vronsky is about to leave her and marry a younger woman. She travels to the railway station and commits suicide by jumping in front of a train.Vronsky is emotionally devastated by her death and volunteers for a 'suicide mission' in the Balkan war. While travelling to join his regiment, he encounters Konstantin Levin at the train station. Levin has married Vronsky's former (and unrequited) sweetheart, Princess "Kitty" Shcherbatskaya. Levin attempts to persuade Vronsky of the value of life. Vronsky is despondent, and can only speak of how Anna's body looked at the railway station when he arrived to see her. They separate, and Levin watches the train depart, certain that he will never again see Vronsky.Levin returns to his family. At home, he writes the events of everything that happened, and signs his manuscript: "Leo Tolstoy".
991	Keys to Tulsa (1997)	Crime	The story revolves around a perpetual loser and slacker named Richter Boudreau. Richter is from a privileged background in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and works as a movie reviewer at a local newspaper only because his sour widowed mother Cynthia pulled strings for him to land the job. He is dissatisfied with the direction that his life has taken; he is about to be fired any day from his job because he can't meet deadlines, he lives in a dilapidated farmhouse, he uses and sells drugs behind the scenes for some extra cash, and he is so irresponsible with life and finances in which he has gotten so far behind on his bills that his electricity has just been cut off which ruins a blind date he has in the opening scene with a neurotic gold-digger named Trudy.Richter also owes money to Ronnie Stover, an abusive drug dealer who he deals with. Ronnie is married to Vicky, a beautiful woman who was disowned by her socially prominent family for her involvement with Ronnie. Richter is still in love with Vicky despite having ended their relationship many years before. Vicky is the sister of Keith, a misogynistic alcoholic whose large inheritance fails to soothe his anger, loneliness, and depression. Cherry is an exotic dancer from Chicago who buys drugs from Ronnie and gets romantically involved with Richter.Richter learns that Ronnie plans to blackmail Bedford Shaw, the son of a socially prominent businessman named Harmon Shaw, after Cherry tells Richter that Bedford Shaw murdered her friend, a stripper/prostitute, in a motel room and that she took photographs. Ronnie attempts to involve Richter by having him hold on to a mysterious black pouch and by exploiting Richter's newspaper connections. Richter wants no part of the blackmail scheme. But he gets in over his head when Keith discovers that Richter has been sleeping with Vicky.
992	Head Above Water (1996)	Comedy, Thriller	Newlyweds Nathalie and George are spending their vacation at her family's remote island beach house in Maine. Lance, who has known Nathalie since childhood, looks after the place. George goes on an overnight fishing trip with Lance to get to know him better.Meanwhile, Nathalie's ex-boyfriend Kent arrives at the house, seemingly unannounced. He says that his girlfriend Evelyn recently left him because of his drinking problem. While Nathalie is in the bathroom, Kent grabs a bottle of vodka from George's supply. He makes a pass at her, while drinking directly from the bottle. The evening ends with him passing out on her marital bed. Waking up on the sofa, Nathalie discovers Kent dead, apparently from alcohol poisoning.Panicked, Nathalie stores Kent's naked body in the cellar. When George returns from his fishing trip, she tries to conceal the night's events and act normal. However, George eventually notices that the cellar door under the dining table is not completely closed. George stomps on the floorboard and corrects the problem. George later finds the flowers and chocolate that Kent had given her. She admits that he gave her a surprise visit while George was on the fishing trip, and that she put his body in the cellar.They take the body to the nearby tool shed, debating over what to do. The situation is further complicated because Kent's clothes are missing and his neck is broken by George stomping on the cellar door. George's being a prominent judge and Nathalie's history of pill addiction make him feel that they must dispose of the body themselves.While the two decide to dispose of Kent's body in the ocean by tying him down with an old stove, Lance arrives, and the two are forced to rethink their plans. Nathalie and George return home. There, George discovers that Kent's bottle was actually not (ethyl) alcohol but methanol (methyl alcohol) which is poisonous. Kent's heart problems along with the disguised liquid drug led to his death. Nathalie later goes for a swim.Coming back from her swim, Nathalie notices Kent's white linen suit drying on the porch of Lance's house. She insists on taking the suit to clean it. Believing that she has found a solution to their problem, Nathalie looks for George to tell him the good news. She spots George on the veranda. He has apparently already embedded Kent's dismembered body into the concrete steps. Horrified, Nathalie runs but is captured by George. After taking her back to the house, tying and gagging her, George goes out to finish the job. Nathalie frees herself, goes to Lance and explains the situation. Then, Nathalie sees the missing postcard Kent had sent her in Lance's house. Lance says that he meant to give it to her but forgot.Nathalie then believes that Lance knew Kent was coming all along and switched the alcohol to kill him. Horrified, she runs to George, believing him to be an innocent victim in Lance's murder plot. Lance, insisting upon his innocence, follows Nathalie outside to the beach. Lance and Nathalie are eventually confronted by George, who ends up shooting Lance. Nathalie runs but is captured by George again. He has been drinking heavily but manages to cement Nathalie's legs in a metal container.Afterward, George starts to have trouble walking and says that he cannot see. Nathalie realizes that George has unknowingly drunk the tainted liquor and that Kent really did die of a heart attack. George then falls off the high-rise veranda and is impaled by its spire. Because of this, Nathalie falls into the water and cannot surface on her own due to her cemented legs. However, a beach patrol boat passes by and Nathalie is rescued.Nathalie is later in her own boat telling the beach patrolman her story. The patrolman, behind her, asks for a beverage, and Nathalie tells him to check in the cooler under the seat. Unbeknownst to Nathalie, George had added some of Nathalie's medication to the water bottle which the patrolman is about to drink.
993	Hercules (1997)	Adventure, Animation, Children's, Comedy, Musical	In Ancient Greece, the gods Zeus and Hera have a son named Hercules. While the other gods are joyful, Zeus' wicked brother Hades plots to overthrow Zeus and rule Mount Olympus. Through the Fates, Hades learns that in eighteen years, a planetary alignment will allow him to free the Titans to conquer Olympus, but only if Hercules does not interfere. Hades sends his minions, Pain and Panic, to murder Hercules, providing them with a potion that can strip a god of immortality. The two kidnap the baby and feed him the potion, but a married farmer couple pass nearby, causing the demons to flee before Hercules could drink every last drop; therefore he is only stripped of immortality but retains his god-like strength. The couple adopt Hercules and Pain and Panic decide not to report their failure to Hades.Years later, the teenage Hercules becomes an outcast for his inability to control his strength. Wondering about his origins, he decides to visit the Temple of Zeus for answers. There, a statue of Zeus comes to life and reveals all to Hercules, telling him that he can earn back his godhood by becoming a "true hero." Zeus sends Hercules and his forgotten childhood friend Pegasus to the satyr Philoctetes ("Phil") who is known for training heroes. After completing the training, Phil and Hercules travel to Thebes, so he can prove himself there as a hero. On the way, they meet Megara ("Meg"), a sarcastic damsel whom Hercules saves from the centaur Nessus. Unbeknownst to Hercules, Meg is Hades' slave due to selling her soul to him to save her boyfriend, who eventually left her for another woman. When Meg mentions Hercules to Hades, he realizes Pain and Panic's failure and plots to finish off Hercules properly.Hades stages an accident with the disguised Pain and Panic to lure Hercules into a fight with the Hydra. Hercules defeats the monster, earning the respect and admiration of the Thebans. He defeats many other monsters afterward, each of them sent by Hades, and becomes a celebrated hero. However, Zeus tells him that he is not yet a "true" hero but refuses to explain what that means. Saddened and frustrated, Hercules spends a day out with Meg, during which they fall in love with each other. Realizing this, Hades, on the eve of his takeover, holds Meg hostage and offers her freedom in exchange for Hercules surrendering his strength. On the condition that Meg will be unharmed, Hercules accepts but is heartbroken after learning that Meg was working for Hades all along.Hades unleashes the Titans, who defeat the gods on Olympus, while the Cyclops goes to Thebes to kill Hercules. Hercules uses his wits to defeat the Cyclops. During the battle, Meg is mortally injured while saving Hercules from a falling pillar. This breaks Hades's deal, so Hercules regains his strength. Hercules and Pegasus fly to Olympus, free the gods and vanquish the Titans, but Meg dies from her injuries.To recover Meg's soul, Hercules goes to the underworld and risks his life by leaping into the River Styx. This act restores his godhood and immortality, so he is able to reach Meg's soul and climb out alive. Hercules punches Hades into the Styx, where he is dragged to its depths by vengeful souls. After reviving Meg, she and Hercules are summoned to Olympus, where Zeus and Hera welcome him home, saying he has proved himself a "true hero" through the "strength of his heart". However, rather than joining the gods, Hercules chooses to remain with Meg, living on Earth as a demigod. Returning to Thebes, they watch Zeus form a constellation in Hercules' honor, much to Phil's happiness.
994	Last Time I Committed Suicide, The (1997)	Drama	Told from Neal Cassady's (Thomas Jane) perspective, in a form of a letter, the film follows his life before and after the suicide attempt by his longtime lover, Joan (Claire Forlani). Demonstrating Neal's active mind and ever-changing thoughts, the film jumps back and forth between before and after the attempt.The story begins the day of Joan's suicide attempt, with Neal sitting in the hall outside Joan's hospital room. The story then jumps to the day before the suicide attempt, where a rain-soaked Neal whisks Joan away from her job. They have an intimate night together. After, she sits on the bed, sad, but Neal keeps professing his love to her. The scene returns to the hospital room, silence between them. Neal is told he has to leave.The story moves ahead, with Ben (Adrien Brody) visiting Neal. He asks Neal if he has been back to the hospital to which Neal replies no. It cuts ahead to Neal wide awake, drinking coffee and eating bread with Ben. In a manic state, Neal tells Ben about the story he wants to write.Neal encounters his friend Harry (Keanu Reeves), who suggests the two of them pick up some girls and take them out on a road trip in a stolen car. They all drive out into the country, flying down the roads. Later, at Neal's job at a tire plant, Neal's friend Jerry finds Neal obviously high, and saves him from getting in trouble.Eventually, Neal makes amends with Joan, and decides to settle down with her. On his way to pick up a suit for a job interview, he runs into a drunk Harry, who asks him to come in for a beer. Neal ends up drunk, and Harry convinces him to call Mary (Gretchen Mol), his teenaged ex-girlfriend. When Mary sneaks out of her house, her mother calls the police, who arrest Neal just as he is about to leave. He is allowed to make a phone call, but he doesn't know Joan's phone number. When Mary refuses to testify against Neal, the charges are dropped. The police nevertheless hold him on the false premise of suspicion of burglary. After spending two weeks in jail, Neal is released. He goes to Joan's house, but finds it empty; he waits, but eventually it is obvious she isn't coming back. He walks back down the porch, steals a car, and disappears.Neal finishes writing the letter and places it in an envelope. Walking away, he throws the pages of his novel into the air, paper flying and landing everywhere.
995	Kiss Me, Guido (1997)	Comedy	Frankie (Scotti) is a young Italian American man living with his family in The Bronx, New York. He works in a pizza parlor but, inspired by the likes of Al Pacino and Robert De Niro, he wants to be an actor. After catching his fiancée (Jennifer Esposito) cheating on him with his brother, Frankie decides the time has come to move out and pursue his dream. He starts by checking the classifieds for roommate ads. He finds an ad from a "GWM." In classified-speak this stands for "gay white male" but Frankie and his friend Joey (Domenick Lombardozzi) interpret it as "guy with money." The GWM in question is Warren (Barrile), an actor who's recently broken up with his director boyfriend. Frankie and Warren each have some initial misgivings – Frankie over Warren's being gay, Warren over Frankie's being a "Guido" or stereotypical Italian American – but Warren lets Frankie move in. Warren's ex, Dakota (Christopher Lawford), returns and offers Warren a part in his new play. Warren initially accepts but after being injured in an attempted gay bashing, has to withdraw. Frankie replaces him, but the part involves a same-sex kiss, which makes him nervous. At the premiere Frankie gives a good performance (although he hesitates on the kiss, leading his scene partner to hiss "Kiss me, Guido!") for an audience that includes his family, who come to understand and accept his decision to become an actor.
996	Big Green, The (1995)	Children's, Comedy	Anna Montgomery (d'Abo), a teacher from Surrey, England, finds herself in the fictional town of Elma, Texas in the United States as part of an exchange program. Faced with the challenge of engaging her disheartened students, who view themselves as destined for failure, Anna introduces them to soccer in a novel attempt to connect. This introduction comes about when, in frustration, she inadvertently uses a broken globe to demonstrate soccer techniques. Seeing potential beyond their geography lesson, Anna decides to form a soccer team, enlisting the students as players and entering them into a league in Austin, Texas. Their initial excitement is tempered by the reality of competition, particularly after a crushing 18–0 defeat against the league's top team, the Knights.Despite the setback, the team's fortunes begin to change with the arrival of Juan Morales (Esquivel), a talented new student. Convincing Juan's hesitant mother to allow him to join the team proves to be a turning point. With Juan on board, the team, now dubbed the Big Green, embarks on an extraordinary winning streak, culminating in an opportunity to face the Knights once again in the championship.Parallel to the team's journey, the narrative delves into personal relationships and challenges. Tom Palmer (Guttenberg), the town's Sheriff's Deputy, steps in as co-coach, simultaneously developing a romantic interest in Anna. Meanwhile, the team's success brings unexpected conflict when Jay Huffer (Sanders), a former Elma resident and current Knights coach, learns of Juan's mother's undocumented status. This revelation, brought to light by Edwin Douglas (Terry), the father of Kate Douglas (Robertson), threatens to dismantle the team's unity and success.The community is thrown into turmoil as Juan and his mother are forced to flee, fearing deportation. This situation tests the resolve of the players, especially Kate, who feels betrayed by both her father and Tom. However, Anna's leadership and persuasive skills keep the team focused on their goal, reinforcing their commitment to each other and the game.As the championship day arrives, the Big Green faces the daunting task of competing without Juan, their star player, whose absence weighs heavily on the team. The match begins unfavorably for Elma, with the Knights taking a 2–0 lead by halftime. However, the game takes a dramatic turn when Juan, along with Tom and his mother, makes a surprising return. Tom announces he has secured a lawyer and sponsorship for Juan's mother, ensuring they can remain in the country legally. Buoyed by Juan's return and Tom's efforts, the team mounts a comeback, with Juan setting up a goal and scoring the equalizing goal himself, forcing the game into a penalty shootout.In the shootout, each kick increases the pressure until Larry Musgrove (Renna), the Big Green's goalie, faces the ultimate test. Larry, who has been plagued by visions of opposing players as monsters, taps into his imagination to overcome his fears, successfully blocking a critical shot by imagining himself as a monster. This pivotal moment sets the stage for Newt Shaw (Hall), the youngest member of the Big Green, to take the final kick. Newt subsequently scores the winning goal, clinching the championship for the Big Green.As part of a bet, Huffer, the Knights' coach and antagonist, begrudgingly honors his promise to kiss the Big Green's goat mascot, Ernie. The film closes with the unveiling of a new billboard in Elma that celebrates the Big Green's dual achievements on the soccer field and in academic improvement.
997	Stuart Saves His Family (1995)	Comedy	Stuart Smalley, the disciple of the 12-step program, is challenged by life's injustices. He loses his public-access cable television show, must beg his manipulative overbearing boss for his job back, rehabilitate his alcoholic father and drug abusing brother, and support his overweight mother and sister in their lack of ability in handling their relationships with their husbands. Stuart is supported by his 12-step sponsors as he regresses to his negative behaviors each time he faces these challenges.
998	Cabin Boy (1994)	Comedy	Nathaniel Mayweather is a snobbish, self-centered, arrogant, virginal "fancy lad." After graduation, he is invited by his father to sail to Hawaii aboard The Queen Catherine. After annoying the limousine driver who is taking him to board the boat, he is forced to walk the rest of the way.Nathaniel makes a wrong turn into a small fishing village where he meets the imbecilic cabin boy/first mate Kenny of The Filthy Whore, which Nathaniel believes to be The Queen Catherine as part of a theme. The next morning, Captain Greybar finds Nathaniel in his room and explains that the boat will not return to dry land for three months. Nathaniel unsuccessfully tries to convince each fisherman to set sail to Hawaii, but convinces Kenny into doing so. However, the crew reaches Hell's Bucket, a Bermuda Triangle-like area where strange events occur. The ship is caught in a fierce storm and Kenny is knocked overboard and drowns. With only one island in the entire area, the crew decide to set sail there. Without a cabin boy, Greybar forces Nathaniel to do the chores in return for taking him to Hawaii, as well as teaching him how to become a better person.After failing all the chores he is assigned, the fishermen decide to give Nathaniel another chore that involves dragging him on a floating raft for a week. Nathaniel quickly runs out of supplies, begins consuming salt water, and suffers extreme sunburn after confusing cooking oil as lotion. He also realizes he might be going insane after sighting Kenny's ghost and seeing a floating cupcake that spits tobacco. After falling into the water he is saved by a shark-man. After nine days, Nathaniel is pulled back in and tells what happened. It is revealed by Skunk and Big Teddy that the shark-man is known as Chocki, the offspring of a male viking and female shark.Nathaniel spots a beautiful young woman named Trina swimming in the ocean. After she is pulled up in a net, Nathaniel becomes smitten with her. Not pleased with another passenger on board, the fishermen decide to strand Trina and Nathaniel on the island they're sailing toward. Finally reaching the island, the crew searches for components to fix their boat. Nathaniel tries to get closer to Trina, who constantly rejects him.Greybar and Skunk suggest to Nathaniel that a blue-skinned, six-armed woman named Calli can help build his confidence. After an encounter with Calli that results in his first sexual experience, Nathaniel again meets Trina, who becomes attracted to him immediately. Calli's husband Mulligan, a giant, comes home to find a man's bag. Realizing what Calli has done, Mulligan decides to find her lover and kill him. Nathaniel tries to save everyone by confessing to the giant he's the one who slept with Calli. Mulligan is about to kill Nathaniel with a giant nail clipper when Chocki saves him. Nathaniel then kills Mulligan by choking him with his own belt.Finally reaching Hawaii, Nathaniel offers his newfound companions a job at the hotel where his father is the owner, which they refuse. They tell Nathaniel he's a fancy lad who should stay in Hawaii with his dad where he belongs. Nathaniel and the fishermen part ways, including Trina. His equally-snobbish father, William Mayweather, condemns his son's actions. Seeing through his father how snobbish he used to be before boarding The Filthy Whore, Nathaniel discards his wig and leaves to find Trina. They then both join the crew on The Filthy Whore.
999	Clean Slate (1994)	Comedy	Maurice Pogue has retrograde amnesia, which prevents him from remembering anything that happened to him the day before. He realizes from a recording he made for himself the previous night – to keep himself in the know – that he is a private investigator in Los Angeles. He acquired the condition after being injured during a case. Pogue tells himself not to reveal his condition to anyone, as he is the key witness in the case against the man responsible for his amnesia. A strange woman, Sarah Novak, appears on the recording, and she informs him she has been living under the alias Beth Holly in San Francisco and has come to L.A. because she is being blackmailed. The police then visit Pogue's office and take him to his birthday party. He tells his friend Dolby that he's seen Sarah, and learns from Dolby that Sarah is dead. While at the party, Pogue also meets Anthony Doover, his doctor, who only knows of Pogue's condition.Two henchmen take him from the party to meet Philip Cornell, the man Pogue is to testify against. Cornell offers Pogue a lot of money to deny witnessing Cornell's involvement in the crime. On re-examining his files at the office, Pogue learns that Sarah was once Cornell's lover, who decided to testify against Cornell lest he kill her because of her knowledge of his illegal activities. Sarah hired Pogue to protect her, but was killed by a car bomb, the same bomb that caused his amnesia. That night, Pogue meets Sarah at a fashion show where she is modeling. She tells him the girl that was killed in the explosion was a double, and that someone is threatening to tell Cornell she is still alive. Sarah also tells Pogue about a valuable coin Cornell stole from the L.A. County Museum, which she, in turn, stole from him. Sarah tells Pogue that she gave him the coin the morning before the explosion; Pogue cannot remember. The only clue they have about the coin's location is one word Pogue said when Sarah gave it to him: "Baby".The following day, Pogue had forgotten everything again. Cornell shows up at his office to get Pogue's sworn statement, but Pogue, mistaking Cornell for his landlord, gives him a check for rent. Pogue tries to figure out where the coin is but finds no answers. Later, he meets with Sarah; she stays at his place, and they make love. Pogue wakes up the following day, remembering everything from the day before. He recalls hiding the coin in its collar after learning his dog is Baby. He takes Sarah to a pay phone to call the blackmailers; Pogue notices that her handwriting is not the same as on the note in which the coin was wrapped. Thus, realizing she cannot be Sarah Novak, he switches the coin without her knowledge. He then follows her and finds Doover, and she has set up the scam to get the coin. When Doover says they'll have to start again after they failed to get the coin, the woman posing as Sarah refuses to go through with it again. That night, while sitting in Pogue's car outside his office, the woman reveals to one of Pogue's recorders that she is Beth Holly, whom Doover had hired because of her resemblance to Novak. Cornell's men then kidnap Beth when they see her in the car.On Thursday morning, Cornell, who has figured out that Pogue has the coin, abducts Pogue and takes him to his home, where he attempts to torture him to give up the coin. Pogue and Holly escape and rush to Cornell's trial. During the trial, Pogue falls back in his chair, hits his head, and suddenly regains his memory. He tells Beth that he put the coin in a parking meter, and she speeds off to get it. Pogue then gives his testimony against Cornell, which prompts Cornell to change his plea in the case. Pogue finds Beth back at his apartment, and the story ends when the two kiss and go inside.
1000	Lightning Jack (1994)	Comedy, Western	Lightning Jack Kane, a long-sighted Australian outlaw in the American west, lives with his horse, Mate.  After the rest of his gang is killed in a robbery-gone-wrong, Jack survives only to read of the events in the newspaper that he was nothing next to others.  Annoyed at not being recognised as an outlaw, Jack attempts a robbery by himself, and ends up taking young mute Ben Doyle as a hostage. He later discovers that, tired of never having been treated with respect due to his disability and his race, Ben wishes to join him.Jack attempts to teach Ben how to fire a gun and rob banks, with his first attempt at "on-the-job" training ending with Ben shooting himself in the foot. Across the course of the training, they pay occasional visits to saloons where Jack shows Ben the truth about adult life, including helping him to lose his virginity. However, the true nature of the saloon visits is for Jack to make contact with showgirl Lana Castel, who, unbeknownst to Jack, is madly in love with him.When Ben's training is complete, the two learn of a bank which is said to have the entire town armed and ready to protect it. Jack sees this as the test he has been waiting for, and together they hatch a plan to rob it. Everything seems to be going smoothly and they are set to begin, until Jack discovers that a rival gang of outlaws is also planning to rob the bank. He is prepared to give up when Ben has a plan of his own.Ben silently tips off the townspeople, who quickly swarm the bank with the rival outlaws inside. The gang is arrested and the entire town celebrates, allowing Jack and Ben to slip unnoticed into the bank and swiftly strip it clean. Before leaving, Jack jumps into the celebrations, ensuring that his grinning face is seen at the top of the town photo. By the time the true robbery is discovered, the two - and Lana - are gone, with a bounty of thousands on their heads and all of America searching for them - the life that Jack had always wanted.
1001	Stupids, The (1996)	Comedy	Stanley and Joan Stupid are convinced they are victims of a conspiracy that steals their garbage every week. In an attempt to uncover this, Stanley follows the garbage truck to the city dump, where he stumbles across Colonel Neidermeyer, who is selling contraband weaponry to a group of terrorists. He believes Stanley to be a secret agent who has uncovered their operation and orders him assassinated, and after several attempts on his life result in him unintentionally killing his would-be assassins, he narrowly escapes a car bomb and is presumed dead by Neidermeyer.Meanwhile, Stanley and Joan's children, Petunia and Buster, believe they have been kidnapped by a Chinese restaurant and go there in search of them. They reunite with Joan, who explains her theory that the police have turned against them and are responsible for Stanley being missing.Once the Stupids are reunited at home, Joan tells Petunia and Buster about Stanley's last job for the postal service where he discovered all the letters being marked "return to sender", but was fired before he could find out who "Mr. Sender" was. He tells his family about the conspiracy theory he has invented that combines all the ideas their overactive imaginations have created, including the "Evil Mr. Sender" plotting to steal all the mail and garbage from America and employing the police to kidnap anybody who discovers his scheme. When they find local museum curator Charles Sender in the phone book they set off in pursuit of him, ultimately tracking him to a television studio where Stanley appears on a talk show and is spotted by Niedermeyer who has him kidnapped and brought to the army base.While being held hostage at the army base, Stanley overhears the address of the warehouse being used for the illegal arms deals. Following an escape, the Stupids go there, where they expect to find Sender and the stolen mail. They confront Neidermeyer and his terrorist associates in a battle, resulting in some explosions that cause the police to investigate the warehouse. The associates are arrested but Neidermeyer escapes. Stanley offers what he perceives to be heroic advice about how Sender can repent his evil ways, but he takes them as road directions. The Stupids return home, only to find a vengeful Neidermeyer waiting for them, armed with a handgun. Luckily, just as he is about to kill them, he is knocked out from behind the front door by a deliveryman that Joan had called round earlier. In the end, the Stupids celebrate their success with an outdoor barbeque.
1002	Pest, The (1997)	Comedy	Puerto Rican con artist Pestario “Pest” Vargas owes $50,000 to the Scottish mob, led by Angus, who is eager to exact revenge against Pest so that the Scottish mob will finally be feared. Pest, along with his friends Ninja and Chubby, perform a scam at a festival. While there, Pest promises his girlfriend Xantha Kent he will have dinner with her and her parents.Racist German hunter Gustav Shank, who desires to hunt the warriors of different nationalities, decides to hunt an athlete. His servant mistakenly believes Shank has decided to hunt Pest and brings Pest to Shank, who decides to hunt Pest anyway due to how irritating he is. Shank tricks Pest into allowing himself to be hunted, but despite the warnings from Shank's son Himmel in regards to what he has gotten himself into, Pest decides to participate anyway, since he will get a $50,000 reward if he survives. As Pest is brought to Shank's private island, Pest is supplied with a tiny gun and runs off into the jungle.Pest convinces Himmel to get him off the island, and both escape in Shank's boat. Himmel and Pest are attacked by seagulls, and Pest swims to shore, meeting up with Chubby and Ninja at a pool party. Shank arrives in a helicopter and Pest, Chubby, and Ninja flee. Pest goes to Xantha's house for the dinner, only for a tracking device Shank has attached to him to explode. Shank arrives and goes after Pest, only to inadvertently tranquilize Xantha's father, Himmel, and Ninja.Pest and Chubby hide in a nightclub. Shank once again attacks Pest, only for Pest to cover Shank in a pheromone that results in him being swarmed by horny men. Pest and Chubby reunite with Ninja, only for them to be shoved into a car with Angus, who has been convinced by Shank that Pest is trying to skip town; Angus takes Ninja as collateral to ensure Pest pays his debts. Shank reveals he has kidnapped Pest's family and Xantha and her family, and has them on board a large boat. Pest and Chubby outwit Shank and free the captives. Shank reveals he had poisoned a drink Pest had drunk, and tells Pest how to find his reward to taunt him; Pest collapses, seemingly succumbing to the poison. The next day, Shank discovers his money has been stolen by Pest, who had vomited the poison out due to getting seasick while escaping the island. Pest has also revealed Shank's crimes to the authorities. Shank is dragged away by several police officers, while Pest,Chubby, Ninja, Himmel, and Xantha drive off with Shank's money.
1003	That Darn Cat! (1997)	Children's, Comedy, Mystery	In the quiet Massachusetts town of Edgefield, a pair of bumbling kidnappers break into the house of wealthy Mr. Flint, intending to kidnap his wife and hold her for ransom. However, they mistakenly kidnap his housemaid Lizzie instead.Patti Randall is a troubled teenage girl struggling with the mundanity of her everyday life, and the fact her parents dislike the way she behaves and dresses. Every night, Patti's cat D.C. ("Darn Cat") leaves the house at 8 and causes mischief around the neighborhood, such as teasing dogs, stealing food, and playing with a distracted old lady's birdcage. One night, D.C. walks into the kidnappers' hideout. Seizing her chance, Lizzie attempts to scratch "HELP" on her watch, but stops with the last letter incomplete (resembling a second "L") when the kidnappers' phone rings. She attaches the watch to D.C., who returns home with it.Patti sees the watch the next morning. Knowing of the kidnapping, she deduces it was from Lizzie and was meant to say HELP; however, no one believes her, so she doctors the evidence by turning the last incomplete letter into a "P". Determined to take advantage of the exciting situation and save Lizzie, Patti goes to Boston and pleads her case to Agent Zeke Kelso of the FBI, who believes her. The Captain allows Zeke and his agents to tail D.C. during his nightly prowl in hopes he will show them the way to the kidnappers, but the operation goes nowhere, causing Zeke to be taken off the case. Zeke and Patti unsuccessfully attempt to investigate on their own, and eventually wind up arrested together. Shortly thereafter, Zeke learns that Patti tampered with the watch, and leaves in anger.As punishment for her actions, Patti is grounded until further notice by her mother; distraught, she flees the house and prepares to take a train out of town. However, after a conversation with another runaway, Lu, Patti decides to stay in Edgefield. As she walks home, Patti notices D.C. digging in a garden; he runs off, and she follows him to the kidnapper's hideout, finally discovering Lizzie's whereabouts.Patti calls Zeke for help insisting her cat finally found the kidnapper’s location, but he is still upset with her and refuses to listen and believe her. So Patti decides to enter the hideout to intervene and save Lizzie herself, but the kidnappers return and capture her and D.C. Then after Patti’s parents listens to a voicemail Patti left for them. Patti’s parents report her missing to the police as a run away. After Patti's parents call Zeke to ask if he knows where their daughter has run off to. Zeke also now fears that Patti has met the same fate as Lizzie. So to keep his job, Zeke changes his mind and reopens the case. His investigation leads him to the hideout, where he finds Patti and Lizzie bound and gagged, and D.C. trapped in a litter box.Zeke exposes the identities of the kidnappers as the seemingly harmless "Ma and Pa", the owners of the local candy shop. Ma and Pa kidnapped Lizzie because they had partied away all their cash in Monte Carlo and the Riviera, and were craving both more money and more excitement. Zeke manages to free Patti and D.C. while Ma and Pa escape with Lizzie in their car. D.C., Patti, and Zeke pursue them through the town, but due to an earlier sabotage caused by competing mechanics, the kidnapper's car can only turn left, hindering their escape. During the chase a fence gets knocked down, releasing the crazy local dog Smokey, who runs into the nearby cat show, scaring away all the competing cats. D.C. rallies the show cats to run with him along the roofs of the neighborhood and jump down onto Ma and Pa's car, causing it to crash, foiling their crimes.Ma and Pa are arrested and charged with kidnapping, Lizzie is reunited with the Flints, and Patti and D.C. return home and are hailed as heroes. The town returns to normal; Patti and Zeke become partners, and D.C. mates with the neighborhood cat and fathers a litter of kittens.
1004	Geronimo: An American Legend (1993)	Drama, Western	The film loosely follows the events leading up to the surrender of Geronimo in 1886. A respected healer, Geronimo and his fellow Apache reluctantly agree to settle on a reservation established by the American government in accordance with the Indian Removal Act. The tribe does its best to assimilate, but many Apache struggle to abandon their traditional way of life while the government fails to honor its promise to keep American settlers from encroaching on tribal lands.Geronimo finally commits himself to armed resistance when soldiers of the U.S. Cavalry accompanied by Indian fighter Al Sieber slaughter a band of Apache after discovering them practicing their "heathen" faith in secret. Geronimo forms a ragtag militia, who humiliate the army by evading capture time and time again while carrying out well-planned guerilla attacks. The plot centers upon Lieutenant Charles B. Gatewood, a West Point graduate charged with capturing Geronimo with the assistance of Sieber and Britton Davis, an ambitious but inexperienced cavalryman.Gatewood is torn between his grudging respect for Geronimo and his duty to his country. His superior, Brigadier General George Crook, has nothing but admiration for Geronimo and contempt for the self-serving actions of his government. Geronimo eventually surrenders to Crook but later escapes, this time persuading more than half the reservation to join him. Crook later resigns in disgrace and is replaced by Nelson A. Miles. The new commander orders that the remaining Apache be punished as a message to Geronimo's followers. He also decides that Gatewood and his fellow officers should be removed from the field and replaced with men loyal to him.General Miles, realizing that in spite of his tactics he too is not any closer to capturing Geronimo, approaches Gatewood with an offer: use his relationship with Geronimo to find the warrior and convince him to surrender. He orders Gatewood to offer Geronimo a sentence of two years' imprisonment in Florida with the offer of fresh land in Arizona and two mules for every warrior who surrenders. Gatewood retorts to Miles that they both know the government has no intention of honoring this agreement. Miles offers Gatewood 100 men to take into the field, but the younger officer counters with a request for one Apache scout and three men of his choosing.Gatewood, Sieber, Davis, and the Apache Chato set off to find Geronimo but instead discover a village of slaughtered Yaqui. Gatewood tasks Sieber and Chato with finding the scalp hunters responsible. They stop at a saloon where the hunters are dealing with a Comanchero interested in buying the scalps. When the hunters try to take Chato's scalp as well, Gatewood arrives and attempts to intervene and offers them money to return to Texas. The hunters mock Gatewood as a coward and an Indian lover and a shoot-out ensues. Sieber is shot and mortally wounded, his last words pointing to his surprise at dying in the act of trying to save an Apache.Gatewood, Davis, and Chato carry on the hunt for Geronimo and finally reach his camp. Geronimo asks Gatewood if the young officer will break his word like those who came before him. Gatewood decides to be honest and tells Geronimo what Miles will do to the surviving Apache should he continue fighting. Faced with the grave reality, Geronimo makes peace with Gatewood and surrenders along with his men to General Miles. Miles then arranges for Gatewood, who he considers to be insubordinate and an embarrassment to the army, to spend the rest of his career in a dull, dead-end post commanding a garrison in rural Wyoming.The final ignominy befalls Chato and the other Apache scouts, who are disarmed at gunpoint and thrown into prison. Davis, angered by what he regards as a betrayal of everything he believed in, confronts Miles. The general dismisses him, remarking that Davis is a foolish idealist and even questioning his integrity by implying that anyone who takes the word of a "savage" over a white man is not a true American. Davis decides to resign rather than continue to serve under Miles. Chato approaches Geronimo and tells him he was right to fight the white man. Geronimo counsels his remaining renegades not to fall out with one another as there are so few of them remaining. He warns them of what lies ahead. Geronimo lives on for another twenty-two years, never allowed to return home and forced to endure the humiliation of being displayed as a living trophy of American conquest while the Apache are left to fall into poverty and dependence on the government for their survival.
1005	Double vie de Véronique, La (Double Life of Veronique, The) (1991)	Drama	In 1968, a Polish girl looks at the winter stars, while in France, another girl sees the first leaf of spring. In 1990, Weronika, a young Polish woman, sings in an outdoor concert with her choir when a rainstorm interrupts the performance. That night, she has sex with her boyfriend, Antek, and leaves the next day for Kraków to visit her sick aunt. She tells her father that she has a strange feeling of not being alone.In Kraków, Weronika joins a local choir and auditions for a solo part. She is selected, and the opportunity makes her happy. While walking through the Main Square, she notices a French tourist who looks identical to her, taking photographs before boarding a bus. During the concert where she is to sing the solo, Weronika collapses onstage and dies from cardiac arrest.That same day in Clermont-Ferrand, France, Véronique feels sudden sadness after having sex with her boyfriend. She later tells her music teacher that she is quitting the choir. At school, she attends a marionette performance with her students and leads them in a musical piece by the 18th-century composer Van den Budenmayer—the same music Weronika sang before her death. That night, Véronique sees a puppeteer at a traffic light signaling to her not to light the wrong end of her cigarette.Later, she receives a phone call with no voice, only choir music. She visits her father the next day and tells him that she feels she has lost someone, though she does not know who. Soon, Véronique receives a package containing a shoelace. She later identifies the puppeteer as Alexandre Fabbri, a children's book author. She reads several of his books before receiving another package from her father, which contains a cassette tape. The tape includes various sounds: a typewriter, a train station, footsteps, and a fragment of Van den Budenmayer's music.The envelope's postage stamp leads her to Gare Saint-Lazare in Paris. At a café in the station, Véronique finds Alexandre, who tells her that he sent the packages as an experiment to see if she would come. She is upset and leaves to check into a nearby hotel. Alexandre follows her and apologizes. They later have sex.The next morning, Véronique tells Alexandre that she has always felt like she was in two places at once and that something has been influencing her life. She shows him photos from her recent trip to Poland. Alexandre notices one that looks like her, but she tells him it is not. When she sees the image, she realizes it is Weronika. She becomes emotional, and Alexandre comforts her. She understands that Weronika's death has influenced her decision to stop singing.Later, Véronique visits Alexandre and sees him working on two marionettes that resemble her. He explains that he needs a second puppet as a backup in case one is damaged. He demonstrates how to operate the marionette while the duplicate remains on the table. Alexandre reads from his new book, which is about two women born on the same day in different places who share a mysterious connection.Later, Véronique goes to her father's house. She stops at the gate and touches an old tree trunk. Inside the house, her father seems to sense her presence.
1006	Until the End of the World (Bis ans Ende der Welt) (1991)	Drama, Sci-Fi	Until the End of the World (German: Bis ans Ende der Welt; French: Jusqu'au bout du monde) is a 1991 epic science fiction drama film directed by Wim Wenders. Set at the turn of the millennium in the shadow of a world-changing catastrophe, the film follows a man and woman, played by William Hurt and Solveig Dommartin, as they are pursued across the globe, in a plot involving a device that can record visual experiences and visualize dreams. An initial draft of the screenplay was written by American filmmaker Michael Almereyda, but the final screenplay is credited to Wenders and Peter Carey, from a story by Wenders and Dommartin. Wenders, whose career had been distinguished by his exploration of the road movie, intended this as the ultimate example of the genre. The film has been released in several editions, ranging in length from 158 to 287 minutes.
1007	Waiting for Guffman (1996)	Comedy	In the small city of Blaine, Missouri, a few residents prepare to put on a community theater production led by eccentric director Corky St. Clair. The show, a musical chronicling the town's history titled Red, White and Blaine, is to be performed as part of the town's 150th-anniversary celebration.Cast in the leads are Ron and Sheila Albertson, married travel agents who are also regular amateur performers; Libby Mae Brown, a perky Dairy Queen employee; Clifford Wooley, a "long time Blaineian" and retired taxidermist, who is Red, White and Blaine's narrator; Johnny Savage, a handsome and oblivious mechanic, whom Corky goes out of his way to get into the play; and Dr. Allan Pearl, a tragically square dentist determined to discover his inner entertainer. High-school teacher Lloyd Miller is the show's increasingly frustrated musical director.Corky has used connections from his "off-off-off-off-Broadway" past to invite Mort Guffman, a Broadway producer, to critique Red, White and Blaine. Corky leads the cast to believe that a positive review from Guffman could mean their show might go all the way to Broadway.The program itself is designed to musically retell the history of Blaine, whose founding father was a buffoon incapable of distinguishing the geography of middle Missouri from the Pacific coastline. The viewer also learns why the town obtusely refers to itself as "the stool capital of the United States." The music is a series of poorly performed songs such as "Nothing Ever Happens on Mars", a reference to the town's supposed visit by an unidentified flying object, and "Stool Boom".Central to the film are Corky's stereotypically gay mannerisms. He supposedly has a wife called Bonnie, whom no one in Blaine has ever met or seen. He uses her to explain his habit of shopping for women's clothing and shoes.When Johnny is forced by his suspicious father to quit the show, Corky takes over his roles, which were clearly intended for a young, masculine actor, playing a lusty young frontiersman, a heartbroken soldier, and a little boy wearing a beanie and shorts. Corky never sheds his dainty demeanor, bowl haircut, lisp, or earring in spite of his historical roles, and his face is pasted with an overkill of stage rouge and eyeliner.Corky is also faced with creating his magic on a shoestring budget, at one point quitting the show after storming out of a meeting with the city council, which turns down his request for $100,000 to finance the production, but the distraught cast and persuasive city fathers convince Corky to return. At the show's performance, Guffman's seat is seen to be empty, much to the dismay of the cast. Corky reassures them that Broadway producers always arrive a bit late for the show, and sure enough, a man soon takes Guffman's reserved seat. The show is well received by the audience, whereupon Corky invites the assumed Guffman backstage to talk to the actors.The man is actually Roy Loomis, who has come to Blaine to witness the birth of his niece's baby, but he did enjoy the show. Corky then reads a telegram stating that Guffman's plane was grounded by snowstorms in New York City, meaning that, like the "Godot" being spoofed, the real Guffman never arrives.An epilogue shows the fates of the cast: Libby Mae is now living in Sipes, Alabama, where she moved after her father was paroled, and working at the Dairy Queen. Allan and the Albertsons have pursued their dreams of being entertainers, Ron and Sheila traveling to Los Angeles, California, to work as extras, and Allan now performing for elderly Jews in Miami, Florida retirement communities. Corky has returned to New York City, where he has opened a Hollywood-themed novelty shop, which includes such items as Brat Pack bobblehead dolls, My Dinner with Andre action figures, and The Remains of the Day lunch boxes.
1008	I Shot Andy Warhol (1996)	Drama	The film opens immediately after her attempted assassination of Andy Warhol at The Factory in 1968, followed by Valerie Solanas being shown in custody for the attack. The film then uses flashbacks to when Valerie was living in New York as a sex worker, then to her difficult childhood, then to her success in studying psychology at college. Here, Valerie discovers that she is a lesbian, that she can write, and that she has a distinctive view of the world. This leads her to New York City and its downtown underworld. Through her friend Stevie, she meets Candy Darling, who in turn introduces her to Warhol.Valerie also meets Maurice Girodias, the publisher of Olympia Press. While Valerie wants Warhol to produce her play, Up Your Ass, Girodias wants her to write a pornographic novel for him. The group steals her manuscript and lies about it, saying it was lost. Once she signs a contract with Girodias, she comes to suspect his offer is not a generous one and may not be in her best interest. She comes to regret signing this contract. At this point, her increasing derangement leads her to believe that Warhol and Girodias are controlling her. The film concludes, where it began, with Solanas' attempted murder of Warhol. Warhol lives in fear that Valerie will strike again and never fully recovers from the shooting. Valerie dies in a welfare hotel. The SCUM Manifesto becomes a radical feminist's classic eventually.
1009	Stealing Beauty (1996)	Drama	Lucy, the nineteen-year-old daughter of the recently deceased American poet and model Sara Harmon, arrives at the Tuscan villa of her mom's friends Ian and Diana Grayson. Other guests include a New York art gallery owner, an Italian advice columnist and a dying English writer, Alex Parrish.Lucy goes for a swim and finds Diana's daughter Miranda with her boyfriend, entertainment lawyer Richard Reed. Her brother, Christopher, has yet to arrive and is on a road trip with Niccolò Donati, from a nearby villa. Lucy hoped to see Niccolò, as she had met him four years before and he was her first kiss. They had briefly written, and Lucy had memorized one letter of his in particular.Lucy's father sent her so Ian could sculpt her, but she says it's really just an excuse for him to send her to Italy. Smoking marijuana with Parrish, Lucy reveals she is a virgin, which he shares with the rest of the villa the next day. Furious, Lucy decides to end her visit. However, before she can book the flight, Christopher and Niccolò appear, and Lucy is happy, but disappointed Niccolò did not recognize her.That evening, Niccolò and his brother, Osvaldo come to the Graysons'. After dinner, the youth separate from the adults to smoke marijuana. Lucy is now over Parrish's betrayal, and they take turns recounting how they each lost their virginity. When it's Osvaldo's turn, he demurs, saying, "I don't know which is more ridiculous, this conversation or the silly political one going on over there [at the adults' table]." Lucy fawns over Niccolò, but then vomits in his lap.The next day, Lucy cycles to the Donatis', seeking Niccolò. She's told he's in the garden, where Lucy finds him with another. Upset, she hastily cycles away from the compound. When she passes Osvaldo, he cries out, "Ciao, Lucy!", but she doesn't hear and then crashes. Ignoring his offer to help, she rides on.Lucy, posing outdoors for Ian's sketch, exposes one of her breasts. When Niccolò and Osvaldo arrive by car, Niccolò ogles Lucy, but Osvaldo looks away. Lucy wanders off into an adjacent olive grove, followed by Niccolò. They begin to kiss, but Lucy soon pushes him away.Retreating to the guest house, Lucy shares her notebook with Parrish. It is one of her mother's last notebooks, containing a poem Lucy thinks holds clues to the identity of her real father. Throughout the film, she has been asking probing questions about her mother. Did Parrish ever know Sara to wear green sandals? Had Ian ever eaten olive leaves? Had Carlo Lisca, a war correspondent friend of the Graysons whom Sara had known, ever killed a viper? These images are all found in the poem, which Lucy now reads to Parrish. He agrees it must refer to her dad.That evening, Lucy wears her mother's dress to the Donatis' annual party. Soon after arriving, she sees Niccolò with another girl, and they do not speak. Then she sees Osvaldo playing clarinet in the band. Later, seeing him dancing with a girl, they exchange earnest glances. Lucy picks up a young Englishman to take back to the Graysons' villa. On the way out, Osvaldo chases Lucy down, saying he's interested in visiting America. They agree to meet the next day. The Englishman spends the night with her at the villa, but without having sex.The next day, Parrish is hospitalized. Lucy skulks around his quarters in the guest house afterward. Looking out a window, seeing Ian's sculpture of a mother and child, she has an epiphany. Lucy asks Ian where he was in August 1975, when she was conceived. He says he was here, fixing up the villa, possibly when he was doing Lucy's mother's portrait. He says they could ask Diana, but then remembers she was in London, finalizing her divorce. They realize Ian is Lucy's biological father, and she promises to keep the secret.Meanwhile, Osvaldo arrives. Lucy gets stung by bees as she exits Ian's studio, so he helps, putting clay on the welts. Walking through the countryside, Osvaldo confesses he wrote to her once. This was the letter Lucy loved above all, the one she knew by heart. Osvaldo then takes her to the tree from the letter.Lucy and Osvaldo spend the night having sex under the tree. As they part the next morning, Osvaldo reveals that it was his first time, too.
1010	Basquiat (1996)	Drama	The film is a lightly fictionalized account of Basquiat's life. A struggling artist living in a cardboard box in Tompkins Square Park works his way up the rungs of the New York art world in the eighties, thanks in part to his association with Andy Warhol, the art dealer Bruno Bischofberger, poet and critic René Ricard, and fellow artist Albert Milo.Alongside the development of his artistic career, the film follows Basquiat's tumultuous relationship with Gina, a fellow aspiring artist he meets while she is working as a waitress at the diner he frequents with his friend Benny. Their romance is affected by Basquiat's affair with "Big Pink", a woman he picks up on the street, and his heroin addiction. Eventually, Basquiat finds himself isolated by his fame, the death of Warhol, and his drug use. The film ends with an intertitle stating that Basquiat died of a heroin overdose on August 12, 1988, at the age of 27.
1011	2 Days in the Valley (1996)	Crime	Two hitmen, Lee Woods and mafioso Dosmo Pizzo, walk into a bedroom where a sleeping couple, Olympic athlete Becky Foxx and her ex-husband Roy Foxx, are in bed. Lee injects Becky with a tranquilizer and then shoots Roy in the head. Lee and Dosmo then drive to an abandoned area off Mulholland Drive, where Lee shoots Dosmo to set him up as the fall guy. Lee then blows up the car and flees the scene with his girlfriend, Helga Svelgen.Dosmo survives, escaping the car and revealed to have been wearing a bulletproof vest. He takes shelter at the mansion of wealthy art dealer Allan Hopper, where he takes Hopper and his assistant Susan Parish hostage. Dosmo is unaware that Hopper has called his sister Audrey Hopper, a nurse, to come to the house. On her way, Audrey picks up Teddy Peppers, a down-and-out TV director contemplating suicide.Meanwhile, Becky awakens and discovers Roy's body in bed beside her. She runs from her house and flags down two policemen, young, ambitious Wes Taylor and cynical veteran Alvin Strayer, who are driving by. Although sympathetic, Wes begins to suspect that Becky knows more than she is saying. Becky had hired Lee and Dosmo to kill Roy for $30,000 but was unaware that they would do it in her own house. Alvin later returns to his home and becomes frustrated after his window is broken by a golfer. Later that night, after wrapping a birthday present for his son, he reads a letter from his department for his resignation, making him more frustrated. Meanwhile, Lee goes back to the house to get the money and kills Creighton and Valenzuela, the homicide detectives working the crime scene. Wes then arrives to see if he can offer any insight on the case. Masquerading as one of the detectives, Lee lures Wes outside, and knocks him out. At Lee's hotel, Becky and Helga argue and get into a fight, in which Helga is shot and wounded. Becky escapes with Helga firing after her. Helga finds her way to Becky's house, where Lee decides to kill Helga instead of taking her to the hospital, concluding that her wound is too severe to be treated, but his gun jams. He turns to retrieve Wes's gun but finds that Helga has escaped and has flagged down a passing car, where 2 people get out to try and help her. Another car approaches which happens to carry Dosmo and his hostages. Audrey jumps out and tries to help the dying Helga, but she dies on the roadside.Wes is caught in the middle of a shootout between Dosmo and Lee and is shot in the leg. Just before Lee can kill Dosmo, Teddy shoots Lee, killing him.A grateful Wes allows Dosmo to take the $30,000 and escape with Susan. The following day, Teddy shows up at an anniversary party that Audrey is attending. As Susan and Dosmo drive down a highway, Dosmo contemplates using the money to start a pizzeria in Brooklyn.
1012	Private Parts (1997)	Comedy, Drama	Following his appearance at the MTV Video Music Awards as his superhero character Fartman, radio personality Howard Stern boards his flight home and finds himself seated next to a stranger named Gloria who is visibly repelled by him. Stern, thinking she sees him as a moron, begins to tell his life story, starting with the verbal abuse he received, being very little, from his father Ben. Stern has always dreamed of being on the radio after visiting his father's recording studio and grows up to be a quiet, socially awkward guy. He decides to work in radio and studies communications at Boston University. He becomes a DJ at WTBU, the college station, and meets his girlfriend Alison.After graduating, Howard works at WRNW in Briarcliff Manor, New York and is promoted to program director, which allows him to marry Alison. He leaves after being asked to fire a fellow DJ and moves to WCCC in Hartford, Connecticut, where he befriends DJ Fred Norris. Howard adopts a more casual attitude on the air, becoming more open and upfront. He and Fred attend the premiere of actress Brittany Fairchild's new film. The three leave early for Fairchild's hotel room, where she strips for a bath and convinces Howard and Fred to join in. Brittany's behavior becomes more sexual, and an embarrassed Howard leaves. When Alison finds his wet underwear in their car and believes he has been unfaithful, she leaves him. Howard leaves Hartford for WWWW in Detroit, Michigan and is miserable, but Alison goes to Detroit and forgives him. WWWW then switches to country music, and Howard quits.Howard starts at WWDC in Washington, D.C. in 1981 and meets his news anchor Robin Quivers, whom he encourages to riff with him on the air. They refuse orders from boss Dee Dee for constantly breaking format. One of their antics, in which Howard assists a female caller to reach orgasm, almost gets him fired until a ratings boost forces Dee Dee to keep him and hire Fred to the team. Meanwhile, Alison announces her pregnancy, but it ends in miscarriage. Although they cheer each other up by joking about it, Howard makes light of the situation on the air, which greatly upsets Alison.With Alison pregnant again, Howard gets his dream offer to work in New York City at WNBC, where he has the chance to become a nationwide success. However, upper management at NBC hired Howard not realizing what his show was like until they see a news report about him. Program director Kenny Rushton, whom Howard refers to as "Pig Vomit", offers to keep Howard in line or he will force him to quit. Howard, Fred, and Robin ignore Kenny's restrictions on content until a risque Match Game with comedian Jackie Martling causes Rushton to fire Robin. The show fails in her absence and her replacement quits after Howard's interview with an actress who swallows a kielbasa sausage. Robin is eventually brought back, but Howard's antics continue with a naked woman in the studio, resulting in Kenny cutting off the broadcast. Howard gets the show back on the air and gets into a physical altercation with Kenny in his office.In 1985, Howard becomes number one at WNBC and Kenny tries to gain Howard's friendship but is turned down flat. Howard thanks his fans with an outdoor concert by AC/DC. During the performance, Alison is rushed to the hospital and gives birth to a girl. Back on the flight, it is revealed that Howard has told his story to Gloria and believes he could get her, but remains faithful to Alison. He meets Alison at the airport and his daughters run to greet him.During the end credits, Stuttering John rants about his absence in the film. Mia Farrow then presents an Academy Award for Best Actor for Howard at the awards ceremony, who appears as Fartman once again, but Howard falls from mid-air and the audience applauds. Kenny is out of radio and now manages a shopping mall in Alabama and blames Howard for his downfall. During his outbursts, his swearing is drowned out by jackhammer noises.
1013	Anaconda (1997)	Action, Adventure, Thriller	On the Amazon River, a poacher hides from an unknown creature in his boat. When it breaks through the boat and attempts to trap the poacher, he commits suicide by shooting himself to prevent it from killing him.Meanwhile, a film crew is shooting a documentary about the Shirishamas, a long-lost indigenous Amazonian tribe; the ensemble consists of director Terri Flores, cameraman and childhood friend Danny Rich, production manager Denise Kalberg, Denise's boyfriend and sound engineer Gary Dixon, narrator Warren Westridge, anthropologist Professor Steven Cale, and boat skipper Mateo. The group encounters stranded Paraguayan snake hunter Paul Serone, who convinces them he can help them find the Shirishamas. Most of the crew are uncomfortable around Serone, and Cale clashes with him several times about Shirishama lore. Eventually, Cale is stung by a wasp, and an allergic reaction swells up his throat and leaves him unconscious. Serone performs an emergency cricothyrotomy, seemingly saving Cale's life, but soon after takes over the boat, forcing the group to help him achieve his true goal: hunting down a giant record-breaking green anaconda he had been tracking, which he believes that he can capture alive.Danny, Mateo and Serone search the wreckage of the poacher's boat. A photograph in an old newspaper reveals that Mateo, Serone, and the poacher were working together to hunt animals, including snakes. Leaving the poacher's ship, Mateo falls into the water, where the giant male warrior anaconda, measuring 25 ft (7.6 m), ambushes and kills him, while the other two return to their boat, unaware of Mateo's fate. Serone manipulates Gary into helping him ensnare the creature which might get him one million dollar in price. That night, he uses a dead monkey as bait to catch the creature, which proceeds to emerge and attack the crew. He attempts to capture the snake, but it coils around Gary, crushing him. Serone thwarts Terri's attempt to shoot the anaconda to rescue Gary, whom it devours, devastating Denise. The crew overpowers Serone and ties him up as punishment.The next day, the boat becomes jammed near a waterfall, and Terri, Danny, and Westridge enter the water to winch it loose. Denise confronts Serone and attempts to kill him to avenge Gary's death, but he ambushes and strangles her with his legs before dumping her corpse into the river. When the creature returns, Westridge distracts it long enough for Terri and Danny to retreat while he ascends the waterfall. Serone breaks free during the attack and assaults Danny. The snake mounts a tree branch and attacks Westridge, unintentionally uprooting the tree, and he perishes in the subsequent fall. The tree falls onto the boat, subsequently awakening Cale, and Serone, Danny, and Terri escape by jumping into the river. The snake resurfaces and attacks Danny, but Terri, having reboarded the boat, rescues him by shooting one of its eyes out. Serone, still believing he can capture it alive, reboards the boat and pulverizes her. Cale rescues her by stabbing Serone with a tranquilizer dart before losing consciousness again himself, and Danny pummels Serone into the river.Serone eventually catches up to the group and captures Terri and Danny, drenching them with animal blood to bait a second, much larger female Queen anaconda, measuring 40 ft (12 m); it attacks the pair, slowly suffocating them. He tries to catch it in a net, but it breaks free and attacks him, eventually swallowing him whole, which the pair observe while escaping their respective bonds. It chases Terri into a building, where she encounters a nest full of newborn anacondas, then regurgitates the still-alive, but partially digested Serone, who winks at Terri, and chases her up a smokestack. Danny pins its tail to the ground with a pickaxe and ignites a fire below the smokestack, setting the snake ablaze; the resulting explosion sends the burning anaconda flying out of the building and into the water. As Terri and Danny recuperate on a nearby dock, the creature resurfaces, but he slaughters it with an axe to the head.Afterward, the pair reunites with Cale, who begins recuperating on the boat. While floating downriver, the trio locates the Shirishama tribe they were originally seeking and, realizing Serone was right, begins filming their documentary.
1014	Romy and Michele's High School Reunion (1997)	Comedy	As high school students in Tucson, Arizona in 1987, Romy White and Michele Weinberger are continually bullied by the "A-Group," a small group of popular, yet mean, girls, led by cheerleader Christie Masters, who humiliates them repeatedly. Romy also has a crush on Christie’s boyfriend, athlete Billy Christianson. Their classmate Heather Mooney is in love with a geek named Sandy Frink, but Sandy has a crush on Michele. Finally, at the prom, Romy asks Billy to dance with her. He agrees, but he and Christie trick the girls into thinking he has dumped Christie to be with Romy. Romy waits all night to dance with him, but he has already left with Christie. Michele dances with Romy instead.Ten years later, Romy and Michele live together in an apartment in Los Angeles, California. Romy works as a cashier in the service department at a Jaguar dealership and Michele is unemployed. They are single, unambitious, and enjoy a casual lifestyle consisting mostly of dancing at the nightclub. At work, Romy encounters Heather, who is now a successful businesswoman. Heather informs her about their upcoming ten-year high school reunion.Romy realizes that their lack of achievements will not make a good impression at the reunion. Failing at their last-ditch attempts to improve themselves, they decide to fake success by showing up in an expensive car and business suits. Romy borrows a Jaguar from a co-worker, and Michele makes their outfits. En route to the reunion, they decide to claim that they invented the Post-it note, believing that no one will know better. A confrontation over the details of their lie escalates into a fight about their friendship, and they decide to part ways once they reach the reunion.When they arrive at the reunion, Romy leaves Michele asleep in the car, and Michele dreams that she and Romy each separately claim to reunion attendees to have invented Post-its without the help of the other. She begins a romance with Sandy, who is now wealthy and attractive, and Romy gets together with Billy. The two refuse to speak to each other for decades until Romy is on her deathbed; Michele calls her to make amends, but they rehash old arguments and the dream ends with Romy's death.Michele wakes up and enters the real reunion. The A-group are all pregnant, and Christie is married to Billy and has two children already. Romy starts to tell the Post-it story, but Heather arrives and unintentionally reveals the lie by telling everyone the real inventor's name. Christie and her friends taunt Romy, who runs out of the room. Michele comforts her and the pair reconcile, deciding to be themselves instead of trying to impress others. They change into brightly colored homemade outfits and return to the reunion.Christie makes fun of their clothes, but Lisa Luder, a former A-group girl who is now a fashion editor for Vogue, approves of the outfits; Lisa coolly dismisses Christie's objections and the rest of the A-group women abandon her.Sandy, now wealthy and successful, arrives via helicopter. He confesses that he still loves Michele and asks her to dance with him. Michele agrees, as long as Romy can dance with them. Their dance receives huge applause, and Sandy escorts them to his helicopter. On their way out, they encounter Billy, who is unhappy in his marriage to Christie and boorishly hits on Romy. As turnabout for the trick he and Christie played on her at their prom, she convinces him to return to his hotel room to wait for her, but instead leaves the reunion with Michele and Sandy in the latter's helicopter.Six months later, back in Los Angeles, Romy and Michele have opened a successful fashion boutique with their homemade designs using money borrowed from Sandy.
1015	Shiloh (1997)	Children's, Drama	An abused Beagle puppy runs away from his cruel owner, Judd Travers, and meets a boy named Marty Preston, who names him Shiloh. Marty's strict father, Ray, will not let Marty keep Shiloh because he is not their dog. Having personally witnessed Judd's mistreatment of Shiloh, Marty is reluctant to return him but has no choice. After Shiloh is mistreated again, the dog returns to Marty. Knowing his father will make him return Shiloh, Marty hides him in a shed behind his house.His secret is soon revealed when his mother, Louise, comes up the hill and sees Marty and Shiloh bonding. Ray soon finds out what Marty is doing when a violent German Shepherd belonging to the Baker family savages Shiloh, and Marty is forced to call upon him for help. Ray and Marty take Shiloh to their friend Dr. Wallace to be attended to. Marty urges his father to keep Shiloh, pleading about how Judd abuses the dog. Ray initially agrees to keep Shiloh until he recovers and tries not to become attached to Shiloh. That night, when Ray thinks Marty is asleep he gives the dog a treat, and soon his heart softens.Eventually, Marty goes to see Judd and threatens to report him for trying to shoot a deer out of hunting season, unless he agrees to sell Shiloh. Judd agrees, but instead of money, wants 20 hours of Marty's work on his house as payment. After Marty has completed the work, Judd refuses to follow through, saying that there were no witnesses to the deal. He and Marty get into a fight, and Marty tells him he will never get Shiloh back. Marty keeps Shiloh for the next few days until Judd comes again to take the dog. Marty fights with Judd again about keeping Shiloh with the help of Ray.Judd then tries to kidnap Shiloh. Ray comes to the rescue and knocks Judd down, and they both fight. Judd escapes Ray, grabs Shiloh, and drives away in his truck. As he is leaving, however, Judd begins to reconsider, and eventually releases Shiloh from his truck and the dog runs into Marty's arms.
1016	Con Air (1997)	Action, Adventure, Thriller	Decorated honorably discharged Army Ranger Cameron Poe is convicted of involuntary manslaughter for killing a bar patron in self-defense when the other man drunkenly attacks him and his pregnant wife, Tricia. Eight years later, he is paroled and boards a flight to Alabama on the Jailbird, a Fairchild C-123 Provider converted to a prison transport plane, so he can be reunited with Tricia and their daughter Casey, who he has never met. Accompanying Poe is his diabetic cellmate and best friend Mike "Baby-O" O'Dell.Most of the inmates boarding the flight are convicts being transferred to a supermax prison, including mass murderer William "Billy Bedlam" Bedford, serial rapist John "Johnny 23" Baca, Black Guerrilla Nathan "Diamond Dog" Jones, and professional criminal Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom. The flight is overseen by U.S. Marshal Vince Larkin while DEA agent Willie Sims plans to go on an undercover mission to get information from narcoterrorist Francisco Cindino, who is being picked up en route.After taking off, inmate Joe "Pinball" Parker sets another prisoner on fire as a distraction, allowing Grissom and Jones to take over the plane. They plan to land at Carson Airport as scheduled, pick up and transfer other prisoners and fly to a non-extradition country. Sims tries to retake control, but Grissom kills him.The plane arrives at Carson City and the inmates exchange commences, with the ground crew unaware of the hijacking. Amongst the new passengers are Cindino, pilot Earl "Swamp Thing" Williams and serial killer Garland Greene. The authorities discover the hijacking upon finding evidence in Grissom's old cell and a tape recorder planted by Poe on one of the disguised guards but cannot prevent the plane from taking off. Meanwhile, Pinball disposes of the plane's transponder, but he is crushed to death by the landing gear during takeoff.The inmates agree to land at Lerner Airfield, a desert airstrip, and transfer onto another plane owned by Cindino and his cartel. Poe finds Pinball's corpse trapped in the landing gear and writes a message to Larkin on the body before throwing it out. Larkin learns of the news and heads to Lerner after contacting the National Guard. Bedford, raiding the cargo, discovers Poe's identity, forcing Poe to kill him.The Jailbird is grounded at Lerner, with no sign of the transfer aircraft. Grissom orders the others to fuel up the plane and get it ready for takeoff. Poe leaves to find Baby-O a syringe to give him insulin, meeting Larkin and informing him of the situation. They discover Cindino planning to escape on a hidden private jet, which Larkin sabotages by lowering a crane arm onto it. Grissom executes Cindino by igniting the plane's fuel. Greene meets a little girl playing tea party near the hangar and is tempted to kill her, but he resists his homicidal urges. Johnny 23 spots a National Guard convoy approaching and gives the alarm. As the National Guard arrives, the inmates launch an assault, but Larkin uses a bulldozer as a makeshift shield. The surviving inmates return to the Jailbird and take flight.Poe's identity is revealed when Bedford's body is found. Baby-O takes the blame and is shot by Grissom, when Larkin and Sims' partner, Duncan Malloy, arrive in attack helicopters, damaging the Jailbird's fuel tank. Poe takes command of the cockpit, and Larkin instructs him to have the plane land at McCarran International Airport, but Swamp Thing is forced to land it on the Las Vegas Strip, causing mass destruction and killing Johnny 23. Grissom, Jones, and Swamp Thing escape on a fire truck, pursued by Poe and Larkin; the chase results in the deaths of all three escapees. Poe reunites with his family and the surviving inmates are apprehended, except for Greene, who gambles in a casino.
1017	Trees Lounge (1996)	Drama	Tommy Basilio is an alcoholic and fixture at a local bar, the Trees Lounge, who loses his girlfriend of eight years and his job as a mechanic. Tommy's main social contacts are his brother Raymond, the bar's servers Connie and Harry, and a few of the bar's other regulars including the drug-using Mike and the elderly Bill. Tommy and Bill are also neighbors who live in a pair of rented rooms above the bar.After his Uncle Al dies while driving his ice cream truck, Tommy goes to his wake and indulges in cocaine with Raymond and their cousin. Tommy takes them to the Trees Lounge to carry on drinking, but a brawl breaks out between his cousin and Mike. After buying more beer at a late-night convenience store, Mike and Tommy discuss how Tommy stole money from Rob, the owner of the garage where he lost his job. They discuss how Rob is dating Tommy's pregnant ex-girlfriend Theresa, with the child's paternity in doubt.Mike turns out to be the owner of the moving company across the street from the Trees Lounge. Tommy asks for work, but Mike says he doesn't need a mechanic. Tommy takes on Uncle Al's ice-cream route, but children initially do not buy from him. Theresa's flirtatious seventeen-year-old niece, Debbie, joins Tommy on his route, saying she had a dream about him. Mike's wife and daughter have left him because of his drinking and tell him they plan to move upstate. Debbie and friend Kelly go to the Trees Lounge but are unable to prove they are of legal drinking age. Debbie claims her 'boyfriend' Tommy will vouch for her. Mike, Tommy and the two girls go to Mike's house for more drinking but are asked to leave when Mike's wife calls.Tommy and Debbie spend the night together at his place. Realizing her father, Jerry, might not forgive her, Debbie calls Tommy and asks to stay with him, but he fears Jerry's reaction and turns her down. She instead decides to leave town with her friend Puck to stay with a cousin in New York City. Jerry meanwhile tries to reconstruct his daughter's steps, and visits Trees Lounge to ask questions. The next day, as Tommy sits in the ice cream truck outside a baseball game, chatting with Mike and his wife, Jerry tracks him down. The irate father bashes him on the head with a baseball bat, smashes the lights and windows of the ice-cream truck, and throws all of Tommy's money and ice cream into the parking lot where they are confiscated by gleeful children. After Theresa has her baby, Tommy goes to the hospital and tries to make amends. When Tommy returns to the Trees Lounge, he hears that Bill collapsed and was taken to the hospital in critical condition. Connie and the other regulars discuss how someone should visit Bill in the hospital, but they forget about him as they carry on drinking. Tommy sits in Bill's favorite seat and drinks a bottle of beer, realizing what his life has become.
1018	Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down! (1990)	Drama	Ricky, a 23-year-old psychiatric patient, has been deemed cured and is released from a psych hospital. Until then, he has been the lover of the hospital's female director. An orphan, free, and alone, his goal is to have a normal life with actress Marina Osorio, a former porn star and recovering drug addict, with whom he once slept during an escape from the asylum.At a studio, Marina is filming The Midnight Phantom, a Euro-horror film about a mutilated, masked muscleman in love with her character. The film is directed by Máximo Espejo, an old director confined to a wheelchair after a stroke. Máximo is a mentor to Marina, and threatens to throw out a journalist who mentions the words "porn" and "junkie" in her presence. Máximo is secretly attracted to Marina and plans to enjoy what could be his last experience of directing a female lead.When Ricky comes to the set, he steals some items, including the keys to Marina's apartment, and becomes an unwelcome presence in her life. Ricky, while wearing a wig, does a handstand to try to capture her attention, but Marina does not remember him and dismisses him.After filming the last scene, Marina prepares to change for the post-shoot party. Ricky follows her to her apartment. When she answers the door, Ricky forces his way in. He grabs her and headbutts Marina to silence her when she screams; he tapes her mouth and binds her with rope. Marina wakes up with a toothache which normal painkillers do not relieve, as she is addicted to stronger drugs. Ricky says that he captured her, so that when she gets to know him better, she will fall in love and they will get married and have children. Marina declares she will never love him, enraged at being handcuffed, gagged and lashed to the bed. However, Ricky remains determined to win her heart.Marina is shocked and in pain, and persuades Ricky to take her to a doctor who can give her the necessary painkillers. When Ricky leaves her alone with the doctor, she cannot communicate her plight. They cannot obtain the drugs in the pharmacy, so Ricky tries to buy them on the black market. However, rather than paying the street price, he attacks the dealer to steal the tablets.During the wrap party, Marina's sister Lola, who is the film's assistant director, steals the show with a musical number. Worried about her sister's disappearance, Lola visits Marina's apartment and leaves a note. To avoid being discovered, Ricky moves Marina to her next door neighbor's apartment, which is empty, but the owner left his keys with Lola so she can water his plants while he is away during the summer.In the street again, Ricky is spotted by the dealer whom he attacked. Ricky is then beaten, robbed and left unconscious. During his absence, Marina tries to escape from her captivity. However, when Ricky returns covered with blood and cuts, she notices his vulnerability and devotion to her. She cares for him, cleaning and sterilizing his wounds, and is struck by the realization that she has fallen in love with her captor. They eventually have sex and decide to visit Ricky's hometown.When he is about to leave to steal a car for the trip, Marina, who still considers herself his prisoner, tells him to keep her tied up so that she will not try to escape. However, in Ricky's absence, Lola re-enters the apartment and discovers Marina tied up and rescues her. Marina informs Lola that she is in love with her captor. Lola is astonished, but once convinced, she agrees to drive Marina to Ricky's hometown. They find him in the ruins of his family house in a deserted village, then the three climb into Lola's car to return to the city. When Lola accepts Ricky as a member of the family, saying that she will find Ricky a job within the week, Marina begins to cry, and they drive off together, singing "Resistiré" ("I will prevail") in unison.
1019	Die xue shuang xiong (Killer, The) (1989)	Action, Thriller	Ah Jong, a hitman, decides to retire after one final job. During a shootout with gangsters, he accidentally blinds a young nightclub singer named Jennie when his gun fires too close to her eyes. Over the next six months, he quietly watches over her, attending all of her performances. One night, he intervenes to save her from being mugged and assaulted; Jennie then invites him into her apartment. They grow close and begin a relationship. However, Jennie then learns from her doctor that if she does not undergo a corneal transplant, she will lose what remains of her sight. Ah Jong agrees to kill a high-ranking triad boss to pay for the operation. Meanwhile, Detective Li Ying performs a botched undercover sting but is scolded and demoted by his superior for shooting his enemy inside the tram and unintentionally causing the fatal heart attack of a hostage. Li later spots Ah Jong in the middle of the hit on the Triad boss, but eventually loses him. Ah Jong's client, Wong Hoi, betrays him by sending hitmen to kill Ah Jong at the location of his getaway car. Ah Jong guns down the hitmen, but a child is badly injured in the crossfire. Ah Jong rushes the child to a nearby hospital while being followed by Li and his partner, Sgt. Tsang Yeh. Ah Jong holds Yeh at gunpoint until the child regains consciousness, then escapes from the police. Li becomes obsessed with Ah Jong's act of goodwill. He and Tsang learn about Jennie; when Ah Jong visits her, he manages to outwit and elude the two cops once again. Li and Tsang explain to Jennie that Ah Jong was the assassin that blinded her at the nightclub. Ah Jong meets with his manager, Fung Sei, and demands the money he was promised for his last job. Sei betrays him by giving him a briefcase of blank notes and sends hitmen to take down Ah Jong in his own home. Ah Jong kills his attackers, but spares Sei out of loyalty. The next day, Ah Jong attempts to kill Wong Hoi in a drive-by shooting but fails. Wong Hoi hires hitman Frank Chen, to kill Ah Jong. Jennie is persuaded to help the police set a trap for Ah Jong at the airport, but Sei distracts them while Ah Jong flees with Jennie. Tsang follows Sei to his house, where Ah Jong and Jennie are hiding, but gets fatally wounded by Chen's gang and dies in the hospital moments after sharing his discovery with Li. Li goes to arrest Ah Jong, but winds up helping him, and Jennie fight their way out of an ambush. Ah Jong and Li flee, and while Ah Jong's wounds are mended, they find themselves bonding and becoming friends. Ah Jong makes Li promise that should anything happen to him, he will make sure that Jennie has her operation. Li, Ah Jong, and Jennie take refuge in a church while Sei goes to get Ah Jong's money from Hoi. He is badly beaten after trying to shoot Hoi and sustains several mortal gunshot wounds, but manages to get the money to the church. Ah Jong shoots Sei to end his suffering, and he and Li arm themselves before engaging in a bloody shootout with dozens of gangsters. Li and Ah Jong are wounded, and eventually find themselves in a Mexican standoff between Ah Jong, Li, and Hoi. Hoi holds a gun to Jennie's head and shoots Chen dead when Li takes him hostage. Ah Jong has his eyes shot out, and bleeds to death as Jennie, now completely blind, crawls around helplessly trying to find him. As the police arrive, Hoi immediately surrenders, but an enraged Li kills him promptly during the process of his arrest. In the end, for disobeying the law by murdering Hoi even after he had surrendered, Li is surrounded by the police, and collapses to the ground in despair at the loss of his friend.
1020	Gaslight (1944)	Mystery, Thriller	In 1875, after world-famous opera singer Alice Alquist is murdered at her home in Victorian London, her orphan niece Paula is sent to Italy to follow in her footsteps. As an adult, Paula marries her accompanist Gregory Anton after a two-week whirlwind romance. They agree to settle in London and occupy her late aunt's long-vacant townhouse. Paula grapples with the memory of her aunt's murder, and Gregory suggests storing Alice's furnishings in the attic. When Paula finds a letter to her aunt from a man named Sergis Bauer, Gregory reacts violently but apologizes. He hires a young maid, Nancy, and insists that she never bother his "high-strung" wife. Paula is surprised when Gregory chides her supposed forgetfulness, but on a visit to the Tower of London, she cannot find an heirloom brooch he gave her, although it was stored safely in her handbag. She is plagued by noises coming from the boarded-up attic, and notices the gaslights dimming for no apparent reason when Gregory is not home, which he assures her is only her imagination.Gregory flirts with Nancy, whose disgust for his wife only worsens Paula's nerves. Her anxious behavior is noticed by Inspector Brian Cameron of Scotland Yard, a childhood admirer of Alice. Struck by Paula's resemblance to her aunt, Cameron attempts to reopen the cold case, discovering that a gift of royal jewels was not recovered after Alice's murder. Isolating his wife from the world, Gregory convinces her that she is a kleptomaniac, responsible for hiding a painting, and is too unwell to be in public. Unable to prevent her from attending a party hosted by her old family friend, Gregory accuses Paula of stealing his pocket watch. When he "finds" it in her handbag, Paula becomes hysterical in front of the guests. Taking Paula home, Gregory angrily claims that her mother died in an asylum, and that the letter she discovered from Sergis Bauer never existed. Doubting her own sanity, Paula breaks down.Meanwhile, Cameron has recruited a patrolman to watch Gregory, who they learn often visits an abandoned house nearby, and is planning to institutionalize Paula. While Gregory is out, Cameron offers Paula his help, confirming that the attic noises and flickering gaslights are indeed real. He deduces that Gregory has been entering his own attic through a skylight via the neighboring vacant house, to search through Alice's belongings. When he lights the attic lights, the gas to the downstairs lights is reduced. Cameron pries open Gregory's desk, and Paula finds the letter from Bauer that her husband insisted was a delusion. "Gregory" is actually Sergis Bauer, who murdered Alice but was interrupted by a young Paula before he could find her jewels. His marriage to Paula was a scheme to gain access to her aunt's home, followed by a cunning strategy to have Paula institutionalized and so gain full access to Alice's estate.At the same time, Sergis discovers the jewels hidden in plain sight, sewn into one of Alice's famous costumes. He returns downstairs to find his desk unlocked. He questions the mentally exhausted Paula, who admits the desk was opened by a man that was visiting her. To protect Paula, the kindly cook Elizabeth denies seeing any man and assures Sergis that this was merely a figment of Paula's imagination, driving Paula to despair. Cameron appears and confronts Sergis, chasing him into the attic and tying him to a chair. Finally convinced of her own sanity, Paula is left alone with Sergis, who urges her to cut him free. Instead, Paula taunts him, musing that the knife in her hand might not be real and also finding the "missing" brooch. As the police drive Sergis away, Cameron expresses interest in seeing Paula again.
1021	8 1/2 (1963)	Drama	Guido Anselmi, a famous Italian film director, is suffering from "director's block". Stalled on his new science fiction film that includes thinly veiled autobiographical references, he has lost interest amidst artistic and marital difficulties. While attempting to recover from his anxieties at a luxurious spa, Guido hires a well-known critic to review his ideas for his film, but the critic blasts them. Guido has recurring visions of an Ideal Woman, whom he sees as key to his story. His mistress Carla comes to visit him, but Guido puts her in a separate hotel. The film production crew relocates to Guido's hotel in an unsuccessful attempt to get him to work on the film.Guido admits to a cardinal that he is not happy. The cardinal offers little insight. Guido invites his estranged wife Luisa and her friends to join him. They dance, but Guido abandons her for his production crew. Guido confesses to his wife's best friend Rosella that he wanted to make a film that was pure and honest, but he is struggling with something honest to say. Carla surprises Guido, Luisa, and Rosella outside the hotel, and Guido claims that he and Carla ended their affair years earlier. Luisa and Rosella call him on the lie, and Guido slips into a fantasy world where he lords over a harem of women from his life, but a rejected showgirl starts a rebellion. The fantasy women attack Guido with harsh truths about himself and his sex life.When Luisa sees how bitterly Guido represents her in the film, she declares that their marriage is over. Guido's Ideal Woman arrives in the form of an actress named Claudia. Guido explains that his film is about a burned-out man who finds salvation in this Ideal Woman. Claudia concludes that the protagonist is unsympathetic because he is incapable of love. Broken, Guido calls off the film, but the producer and the film's staff announce a press conference at which the filming will commence. Guido attempts to escape from the journalists and eventually imagines shooting himself in the head. Guido realizes he was attempting to solve his personal confusion by creating a film to help others, when instead he needs to accept his life for what it is. He asks Luisa for her assistance in doing so. Carla tells him that she figured out what he was trying to say: that Guido cannot do without the people in his life. As the production crew and cast begin to troop onto the set, Guido's passion revives and he begins to direct. The men and women of the cast and crew start holding hands and walk briskly around in a circle with Guido and Luisa joining them last. The production set is dismantled, Guido salutes the last of the crew members, and the set fades to black.
1022	Fast, Cheap & Out of Control (1997)	Documentary	Fast, Cheap & Out of Control is a 1997 documentary film by filmmaker Errol Morris.
1023	Fathers' Day (1997)	Comedy	16-year-old Scott Andrews runs away from home with his girlfriend Nikki. His mother, Collette, visits her ex-boyfriend, lawyer Jack Lawrence, telling him that Scott is really his son, and she wants him to find Scott. Jack refuses at first but changes his mind when work keeps him overnight in San Francisco.Meanwhile, writer Dale Putley is planning suicide when he gets a phone call from Collette, of whom he is another ex, and she tells him the same story.Both men start their search with Russ, Nikki's father. Dale and Jack get little help from him, but it does lead to them meeting each other. Mistakenly assuming that they each have a different missing son, they think "both boys" are mixed up with Nikki. They decide to team up.Jack and Dale visit Nikki's mother Shirley, learning that Nikki went on the road to follow rock band Sugar Ray. When she asks to see pictures of their sons, they finally discover that Collette has told them both the same story about being Scott's father. They call her, and she confesses that she does not know which man is the father, but she begs them to find Scott.The two agree, and they head for Sacramento, finding Scott, drunk, lovestruck and dumped by Nikki. They bring him to their hotel room, but when he awakens the next day, he is not pleased by the news that one of them might be his father nor that Nikki is following Sugar Ray. Jack leaves Dale to watch Scott, but he escapes by pouring coffee on Dale's lap. Dale finds Jack, and they head to Reno, to Sugar Ray's next gig.In Reno, Scott meets with Nikki and the other groupies. Bumping into two drug dealers who he scammed out of $5,000 to buy a necklace for Nikki, Scott escapes, only to be accidentally run down by Jack and Dale. Now with a broken arm, Scott demands that they leave him alone.That night, the three finally bond when Scott opens up to Jack and Dale; Nikki is his first love, but his parents disapprove of her, so he ran away. When Scott tells him about the drug dealers, they try to help him. They drive to Nikki's hotel, but when Jack and Dale go inside, the drug dealers spot Scott in the car and plan to kidnap and kill him. Scott escapes in Jack's rental car.When the two fathers emerge from the hotel, Jack assumes that Scott had been lying to them the whole time and quits, deciding to go home. However, his wife Carrie appears, following him (and Dale) because she is confused and concerned over Jack's odd behavior. He tells her the truth about Scott, that he could be the father.Dale departs while Jack and Carrie argue about Jack's negative feelings for Scott, making her fear how he will react with his own child. Understanding her point, he heads to the Sugar Ray concert, finding Dale, who is also looking for Scott. They find him as he confronts Nikki, who breaks up with him. Heartbroken, Scott is suddenly grabbed by the drug dealers, who Dale and Jack attack, resulting in a huge fight erupting in the concert crowd.Freed from jail the next day, Jack, Dale and Scott head home, where Collette and his father Bob embrace their son. She tells Scott that neither Jack nor Dale is his dad, but he is touched that his parents wanted him home so badly. Before Jack and Dale go, Scott lies to both, separately and privately, that they are the father. Jack realizes that Scott lied, but is happy because he now has a positive view of having children.Having borrowed Jack's car to get to the airport, Dale spots a woman having car trouble. Discovering that Virginia is single and also heading to San Francisco, Dale offers her a lift by car, to Jack's annoyance.
1024	Mrs. Dalloway (1997)	Romance	On a beautiful morning in 1923, Clarissa Dalloway sets out from her large house in Westminster to choose the flowers for a party she is holding that evening. Her teenage daughter Elizabeth is unsympathetic, preferring the company of the evangelical Miss Kilman. A passionate old suitor, Peter Walsh, turns up, failing to disguise the turmoil he has created in his career and love life. For Clarissa this confirms her choice in preferring the unexciting but affectionate and dependable Richard Dalloway. At her party Sally arrives; once Clarissa's lesbian lover, she is now wife of a self-made millionaire and mother of five.Intercut with Clarissa's present and past is the story of another couple. Septimus was a decorated officer in the First World War but is now collapsing under the strain of delayed shell-shock, in which he is paralysed by horrible flashbacks and consumed with guilt over the death of his closest comrade. His wife Rezia tries to get him psychiatric help but the doctors she consults are little use: when one commits him to a mental hospital, he jumps from a window to his death. The doctor turns up late at Clarissa's party, apologising because he had to attend to a patient's suicide. Clarissa stands by a window and ponders what it would mean to jump.
1025	Fire Down Below (1997)	Action, Drama, Thriller	In the peaceful Appalachian hills of eastern Kentucky, toxins are being dumped into abandoned mines, causing environmental havoc, but the locals, mindful of their jobs and the power of the mine owners, can do nothing. EPA CID agent Jack Taggert is sent to investigate, after a fellow agent, revealed to be Jack's friend and partner, Frank Elkins, is found dead, probably not by accident. The EPA has received an anonymous letter from Jackson, Kentucky, and Taggert goes undercover to continue his colleague's investigations.Hanner Coal Company, owned by Orin Hanner Sr., is found to be getting paid to dump toxic waste into an abandoned coal mine shaft, so Jack is assigned to go to the small town of Jackson, where his cover is that of assistant and volunteer carpenter to a local church. He stays in a room in the church's basement and begins his cover work by repairing the roof at a house where one of the children is sick because of the pollution. He attempts to question the family, but they have little to say. He fares the same elsewhere; even the man who tipped off the EPA is decidedly taciturn. While testing the water, Taggert wanders into a marijuana field and is accosted by the growers. After disarming them, he tells them that he has no interest in arresting them.The men responsible for Agent Elkins' death soon notice Taggert's presence. As a newcomer to the small community, he is threatened by Hanner's son Orin Jr. (Brad Hunt), the incompetent local tool of the company; corrupt Sheriff Lloyd Foley; and several thugs that work for them. The thugs in question start by leaving two rattlesnakes in his dwelling; Taggert responds by capturing the snakes alive and leaving them in the pickup that the thugs were driving, causing them to crash. Soon after, five of them attack him while he is buying supplies and receive a severe beating as a result. Orin then orders one of his truck drivers to arrange an "accident" by running him off the road, but Taggert escapes alive while the driver is killed after falling off an open-pit mine cliff.While these conflicts occur, Taggert strikes up a relationship with Sarah Kellogg, a young woman who lives in the town. She is considered an outcast because of her father's murder, a crime of which she was accused but not convicted. Eventually, she agrees to testify against Orin and his people, much to the anger of her estranged brother Earl, who committed the murder, after their father found out about his sexual abuse against her. Working as one of Hanner's thugs, Earl sets the church on fire, in the process killing the preacher who was helping Taggert. He then attempts to collapse the mine with Taggert inside it. Taggert escapes, while several mercenaries are killed, including Earl.With evidence and a witness, Taggert calls the FBI to take Sarah into protective custody. However, they are revealed to be corrupt and a firefight ensues. Taggert kills one agent, then sends the second back to Orin with a message that he will be coming for him next. However, when Orin is arrested and charged, he gets off with a slap on the wrist for the environmental violations. Taggert goes back into the town and fights his way past the last of Orin Jr's thugs, then demands the truth from him. Orin agrees to turn the state's evidence, implicating his father on racketeering, conspiracy, and murder charges. Taggert goes to a casino to arrest Orin Sr. Upon hearing about the reception awaiting him in federal prison, Orin produces a gun and resists, but Taggert shoots him in the shoulder and he is taken into custody. Taggert then returns to Jackson, where he is reunited with Sarah.
1026	Lay of the Land, The (1997)	Comedy, Drama	The Lay of the Land is a 1997 American comedy-drama film written by Mel Shapiro, directed by Larry Arrick and starring Sally Kellerman and Ed Begley Jr. It is based on Shapiro's play of the same name.
1027	Shooter, The (1995)	Action	A federal marshal gets caught up in political intrigue after he gets brought in to solve the murder of a Cuban ambassador.
1028	Grumpier Old Men (1995)	Comedy, Romance	The feud between Max and John has cooled and they have become good friends. Their children, Melanie and Jacob, have become engaged. Meanwhile, John is enjoying his marriage to new wife Ariel. John and Max still call each other "moron" and "putz", respectively, but with friendly intentions.The spring and summer fishing season is in full swing with the annual quest to catch "Catfish Hunter", an unusually large catfish that seems to enjoy eluding anyone who tries to catch it. However, the local bait shop closed after Chuck, the previous owner, died. Maria Ragetti has purchased the property with the intent of converting it into a fancy Italian restaurant.Irritated that it will no longer be a bait shop, Max and John join forces to sabotage the restaurant. They are successful at first with their practical jokes. However, when Ariel learns what is going on, she tells John to apologize to Maria, and he does after Ariel kicks him out of the house. Max and Maria begin dating after discovering a shared passion for fishing, while her mother Francesca dates John's father J.W.To further complicate things, Jacob and Melanie call off their engagement due to stress from their parents' involvement. On hearing the news, John and Max reignite their feud and return to their childish pranks, such as John cutting a hole in Max's fishing net and detaching the anchor to his boat. Max retaliates by disconnecting John's motor from his boat and broadcasting him nude (while Ariel was making a clay sculpture of him) at a Sears department store. Ariel is stressed because of it and leaves John until things settle down. At the restaurant, Francesca is worried about the amount of time that Maria spends with Max. She reminds her daughter of her five failed marriages, and she worries that Max will make it six.After being convinced to think about it, Maria reluctantly stops seeing Max. Distraught over losing Ariel, John goes to the lake seeking his father's advice, but he finds that J.W. has died in his favorite spot, with a fishing pole in one hand and a can of beer in the other. Following the funeral and the spreading of J.W.'s ashes in the lake, John and Max call off their feud again.After realizing that their inability to properly plan a wedding is what drove their kids to call it off, they decide to set it right. They help Jacob and Melanie reconcile, explaining their drama. John decides to reconcile with Ariel and convinces Max to talk with Maria. He does and convinces her to take a chance on him, while convincing her mother that he is not going to be like her previous sons-in-law. John and Max manage to catch "Catfish Hunter", but they reluctantly decide to release it so that it can symbolically remain with J.W. in the lake.After they let the fish go, they realize that they are late for the wedding happening in town, and they rush to the church as quickly as they can. The wedding is revealed to be for Max and Maria, who have reconciled (Jacob and Melanie have eloped). On the way to their honeymoon, they discover Max's one-eyed bulldog Lucky in the car with them, put there earlier by John as a prank. Ragetti's is also reformed so that it will be both a restaurant and a bait shop.
1029	Jury Duty (1995)	Comedy	Tommy Collins is an unemployed erotic dancer living at his mother's home in a trailer park while he looks for a decent job. He finds out that his mother, and her boyfriend Jed, a polystyrene collector, are going to Las Vegas to be married and taking the mobile home with them. Although his mother had arranged for Tommy to stay with the Woodalls, he considers them awful people and decides to look for other living arrangements for him and his chihuahua Peanut (who loves the game show Jeopardy!).He rummages through the trash and finds his letter for jury duty that he had thrown away and decides to enter. Each of the jurors get their own free accommodation plus $5 a day. After several cases he gets chosen to be a juror for a murder case involving a man named Carl Wayne Bishop, a fast-food employee who had been fired and is now accused of murdering several other fast-food employees. The evidence against him gets stronger when several employees appear as witnesses saying that he threatened to kill them.All the jurors are staying at the Holiday Suite in the section that is being remodeled. Tommy seems to be enjoying himself, until he finds he is sharing his room with his former high school principal, who puts motivational tapes on at night to full blast. He makes a deal with the manager of the hotel who says that he will get a different room if he advertises their business during news broadcasts. Tommy agrees and ends up staying in a luxurious suite.Finally, the jurors go to the jury room for deliberation and appoint Tommy as their foreman. The other jurors immediately think that Bishop is guilty and want to vote straight away. Not wanting to lose his suite and luxurious lifestyle, Tommy votes not guilty and stalls and prolongs the deliberations as well as continuously going over the evidence. After many delays, the other jurors become increasingly angry with Tommy, especially Monica, whom Tommy had fallen in love with, and threaten to throw him out of the jury unless he finds a better way to prove Bishop's innocence.After reading up on the law and further investigating, both of which are activities prohibited under standard instructions to jurors, Tommy finds some evidence after seeing a picture of Carl Wayne Bishop on the window of a store, finally convincing the jurors that Bishop is not guilty; they celebrate. Unfortunately, later on, Monica finds Peanut and follows him up to Tommy's luxury suite, with security guard Murphy following her. Even though Tommy tries to explain that he is now a changed person, she is deeply upset with how he used them and walks out in tears.Later, the Judge declares a mistrial and arranges another hearing at a later date. Back at the trailer park, Tommy goes mining for polystyrene with Jed at the city dump. After seeing many polystyrene containers with fast food logos on them, Tommy realizes that the murderer was an environmentalist. He calls Monica, who immediately hangs up on him, but he goes looking for Frank, another fellow juror, who was also obsessed with the environment. Later that night, someone meets another man named Frank who thanks him for volunteering to do jury duty on his behalf while he was on vacation, only to be killed with a stun gun. The killer is revealed to be Frank, the man Tommy was seeking. Tommy arrives at the same house and relays his new evidence to Frank, asking him to help find Monica at the library she works at in order to convince her that his evidence is genuine.When they arrive at the library, Frank reveals to Tommy and Monica that he was the killer. He ties them up and attempts to stab them with a sharp jagged knife. He tells them that he committed the terrible murders and framed Carl Wayne Bishop because he thought there was no truth and justice in the world. With Peanut's help, however, they manage to subdue Frank and knock him unconscious.Tommy is given a check for his contribution to the case, and Monica starts dating Tommy. He uses his earnings from erotic dancing towards law school and eventually becomes an attorney. Meanwhile, Peanut is shown accomplishing his lifelong dream of becoming a contestant on Jeopardy!.
1030	Beverly Hillbillies, The (1993)	Comedy	Jed Clampett, a hillbilly of humble station from Arkansas, accidentally discovers oil on his land while shooting at a jackrabbit. Ozark Mountain Oil, interested in purchasing his land, offers him $1 billion for the property. Unsure of what to do, Jed consults his sister, Pearl Bodine, during a family dinner. Pearl suggests that a change of scenery for Jed's daughter, Elly May, would be a good thing. Pearl and Jethro convince them to move to Beverly Hills California. Ozark Mountain Oil come by Jed's place to check to see if he has signed the contract. Having made up his mind and signed the contract, Jed and his daughter Elly, his mother-in-law, Daisy Moses (aka "Granny"), and his nephew, Jethro, Pearl's son, load up Jethro's old, dilapidated truck with their possessions and move to Beverly Hills, California, even though Granny is reluctant to come.Milburn Drysdale, the CEO of the Commerce Bank of Beverly Hills, where Jed has opened an account and banked his money, sends out his secretary/assistant, Jane Hathaway to meet the Clampetts at their new estate that is next door to his. Jane calls the Beverly Hills Police after the Clampetts arrive, mistaking them for burglars. Upon learning of Jane's mistake at the police station, Drysdale briefly fires her. But seeing that Jed insists that he still wants her to watch over his affairs, Drysdale rehires her.The Clampetts settle into their new surroundings. Drysdale and his wife, Margaret, push their reluctant son, Morgan Drysdale, into befriending Elly May, to whom he eventually develops an attraction. Jane is also smitten by Jethro, who seems ignorant of her affections.Jed requests Jane's assistance in helping him search for someone who will help turn Elly May into a lady and also wants to get married, so Miss Hathaway has to play matchmaker. Woodrow Tyler, a banker at Drysdale's bank, catches wind of this and contrives a scheme with his con artist girlfriend, Laura Jackson, to steal Jed's money by having her marry Jed. She poses as a French etiquette teacher, Laurette Voleur, and asks for work. 'Laurette' feigns romantic interest in Jed, which eventually leads to him proposing marriage to her.Shortly before the wedding, Granny hears Laura and Woodrow talking about the scam and sees them kiss. Granny reveals herself to the pair and threatens to expose their scam to Jed, and thus the impending wedding will be off. But before she can do so, they capture her, restrain her, and have her institutionalized at the Los Viejos Nursing Home under the guise of their crazy aunt, so that she cannot contact Jed.At the wedding, Woodrow prepares to transfer all of Clampett's money in Drysdale's bank to a Swiss account, on his laptop computer, once the couple says 'I do'. Realizing that Granny is missing, Jane goes to the office of private investigator Barnaby Jones and after learning where Granny is and who Laura really is, poses as a nurse and breaks her out. Jane makes a call to Tyler, unaware of his role in the scam, and alerts him about Laurette. Jane soon learns from Granny that Tyler shared a role in the con. Granny and Jane arrive at the wedding and foil Laura and Tyler's plan. Refusing to let their scam go awry, Laura and Tyler plot to send the Clampett's billions bouncing through a score of banks but fail when Jane grabs a shotgun and blows the laptop to bits. The police arrest Laura and Woodrow. Jed decides that, since the wedding was off, they should have 'one hellacious shindig'.
1031	Lassie (1994)	Adventure, Children's	The Turner family moves from Baltimore, Maryland, to the small town of Franklin Falls in Tazewell County, Virginia, hoping to start a new life. The move creates problems for everyone, especially 13-year-old Matt, who feels lost and alone in his new surroundings, and still has not come to terms with his father Steve's remarriage to Laura after his mother's death. But with the help of a stray Collie dog named Lassie that the family takes in, Matt learns to adjust to his surroundings and his family's situation. After Lassie saves Matt's life from an aggressive gray wolf one night, the two form a bond.However, as his father’s planned job falls through, Matt, with help from his grandfather, Len Collins, helps convince the family to start a sheep farm, which had been his mother's dream. While the Turners get to work, a ruthless neighbor and wealthy sheep farmer, Sam Garland, will stop at nothing to prevent them from succeeding, because it means that they will be occupying some grazing land that he's used in the past. In addition, Sam has two sons, Josh and Jim who attend school with Matt. Both boys dislike Matt, but Josh's hatred mainly stems from jealousy because a fellow student, April Porter, whom Josh likes, is more interested in Matt.Eventually Sam, with the help of his sons and henchmen, steals the Turners’ new herd of sheep, and kidnaps Lassie. However, she manages to escape, and she and Matt get their sheep back. However Josh and Jim catch up to them, and in the ensuing scuffle Josh finds himself struggling in a raging river, heading for massive rapids and a waterfall. Matt manages to rescue him, but is unable to save himself. Lassie then rescues Matt, but ends up going over the waterfall herself, to Matt's horror. Sam, after learning that Matt had saved Josh's life, apologizes to the Turners for his actions and for the loss of Lassie. The Turners hold a memorial for Lassie at a nearby tree where Matt's mother had carved her initials years before, and Matt carves Lassie's name above his mother's initials. However, Lassie manages to survive the waterfall, and although injured, she returns home shortly afterwards and is reunited with Matt at his school.
1032	Little Big League (1994)	Children's, Comedy	12-year-old Billy Heywood is a Little League Baseball player whose grandfather, Thomas Heywood, owns the Minnesota Twins. When Thomas dies, Billy learns that he is now the owner of the Twins. Thomas' will specifies that the team executives are to help Billy until he is old enough to run the team by himself.Billy quickly runs afoul of the team manager, George O'Farrell. Billy believes O'Farrell is too hard on the players, while O'Farrell despises the idea of working for a kid. After O'Farrell repeatedly insults, Billy fires him.With no other managers willing to work for a kid, and with summer break starting in two days, Billy decides to name himself the new manager. He reaches out to the Commissioner of Baseball, who approves after consulting with Jenny, Billy's mother. The players are very skeptical, but Billy promises that if he does not improve the team's last-place position in the standings within a few weeks, he will resign. The team quickly moves up to division race contention. Unfortunately, not all is going smoothly for Billy, as his friend and star first baseman Lou Collins takes a romantic interest in his widowed mother Jenny.Billy picks up bad habits on the road, especially when he gets ejected from a game and a one-game "suspension" by Jenny for swearing at an umpire because of a call he didn't like. He is troubled when he must release his personal favorite Twins player, Jerry Johnson, who is in the twilight of his career; Billy's awkward handling of the situation ends up making Jerry feel even worse.Throughout the season, the pressures of managing the team begin to wear Billy down and consume his free time. His friends do not like how his managerial responsibilities are keeping him away from being with them. Even when he's physically present (as opposed to on the road with the team), he is typically distracted by team business.After Jenny spends her birthday with Lou rather than Billy, Billy uses Lou's minor batting-slump as an excuse to bench him, sending the Twins into a losing skid. Billy later tells Jenny that he's tired of being a "grown-up" and decides to quit as manager after the end of the season, even reinstating Lou to starter on first base.With four games left, the Twins trail the Seattle Mariners by four games in the wild card race. The Twins win their last four while the Mariners lose four straight, forcing a One-game playoff at the Twins' Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome to determine who advances to the postseason.The two teams trade three-run home runs during the course of the game, and extra innings are required. The Mariners eventually take the lead. Down to their final out, and Lou about to go up to bat, he tells Billy that he has asked Jenny to marry him, and that her reply was "Ask Billy". With a runner on base, Billy says if Lou hits the game-winning homer he will give his blessing, but quickly relents and gives Lou his consent whether or not he hits a homer. Facing Randy Johnson, Lou hits a long fly ball to center field, but Ken Griffey Jr. makes a leaping catch at the wall to rob Lou of a homer and end the game.With their season over, Billy tells the players he is officially stepping down as manager, with pitching coach Mac MacNally taking his place, as well as bringing back Jerry to be the third base coach and new hitting instructor. The players object to losing Billy, but he reminds the team that he will still be present as the owner, and says that he might come back as manager if junior high doesn't work out. When being informed that none of the fans have left, Billy, along with the rest of the team, returns to the field to receive a standing ovation.
1033	Homeward Bound II: Lost in San Francisco (1996)	Adventure, Children's	The Burnford-Seaver family, owners of Shadow the Golden Retriever, Sassy the Himalayan cat, and Chance the American Bulldog, take a family vacation to Canada; and decide to bring their animals with them. At the San Francisco International Airport, the animals escape after Chance panics while mistaking airport workers for the workers at the pound, after his earlier actions angered Jamie causing Chance to believe that Jamie was sending him back to the pound. In a frenzy, Chance breaks free from his carrier. Shadow and Sassy follow his lead, and together after eluding airport authorities, the animals find themselves in the city of San Francisco. With home on the other side of the Golden Gate Bridge, the trio set out to once again find their way back.As their journey begins, Chance unintentionally runs into a Boxer and his Bullmastiff friend; named Ashcan and Pete, respectively. Territorial of their terrain, Ashcan refuses to let them pass. As Shadow attempts to explain to them that they are only seeking to find their way home, Ashcan and Pete threaten that they are going to eat Sassy. Shadow begins to fight Ashcan, while Sassy hides safely high upon a nearby window sill. A group of streetwise stray animals known as Riley's Gang, join the confrontation and help overpower Ashcan and Pete. The group explains to the trio that the city is not a safe place for domesticated pets. In the scuffle, Chance had run for safety. Riley sends a member of the gang named Delilah to find him, where she explains that they mean no harm.Shadow and Sassy make their way through downtown with the rest of Riley's Gang. When a vehicle known as the "Blood Red Van" appears, Riley instructs that they all take cover and explains that the van takes stray dogs off the streets to a place called "the Lab". He further explains that he avoids cars, due to their relation to humans, and he does not trust humans at all. Acknowledging their differences regarding humans, Shadow and Sassy express their thanks to the group and continue to make their way towards the Golden Gate Bridge. While Chance and Delilah make their way through the city, Chance asks about Riley's distrust of humans. She explains that Riley was abandoned by his owners when he was a puppy. Having to adapt to survive as a stray, he created his gang to protect all stray animals from humans. When they make their way through the park, Chance begins to be romantically interested in Delilah.As Shadow and Sassy continue through the city, Ashcan and Pete continue following them. When the pair come upon a housefire and upon hearing the discussion of frantic parents and the San Francisco Fire Department Battalion Chief, they realize that a young boy and his kitten are still inside the house. Shadow rushes into the home through the basement window to rescue the boy, while Sassy follows after him in search of the kitten. Shadow exits moments later with the boy by his side, as the porch collapses following a sudden backdraft of flames. Sassy joins the rest with the kitten, thereafter. Upon witnessing their heroics, Riley and his gang praise their actions and resolve to help them find Chance before returning to the gang's hideout. Upon arriving, they discover that Chance and Delilah are already there. Riley begins to explain to the romantic couple that they are too different for each other, but together they disagree with his assessment and sleep outside the safe haven.The following morning, Chance begins to chew on a tyre without noticing the "Blood Red Van" approaching. He is captured and abducted by its drivers, who intend to take him back to "the lab". As the vehicle drives off, all of the animals work together to stop the van and free Chance as well as the other dogs in its cages. As the drivers try to avoid the attacking animals, a member of the gang named Bando enters the van, puts it in reverse, and backs it into the water. Reunited, the animals celebrate their victory. Delilah begins to explain to Chance that they may be too different for each other after all, only for him to run away from the group in frustration. Riley agrees to accompany and help Shadow and Sassy reach the Golden Gate Bridge. Just before crossing the bridge, the pair are once again ambushed by Ashcan and Pete. Chance joins the fight, scaring off the attackers. Together again, the trio cross the Golden Gate Bridge and find their owners.The family returns home with their three pets: Chance, Shadow, and Sassy; though Chance is still saddened about his perceived loss of Delilah. Shortly thereafter during a family picnic, Delilah joins them having found her way to their home. Bob agrees to allow having another dog in the family. Chance and Delilah are reunited, as the family continues having their meal.
1034	Quest, The (1996)	Action, Adventure	Late at night, in an empty bar in the present day (the mid-1990s), an old man enters and awaits service. Not long after, a group of thugs arrives and attempts to rob the till. The old man defeats them easily, one by one, with hand-to-hand combat. Amazed, the bartender asks how he learned to fight. The old man replies, "It was long ago..." The story flashes back to Christopher Dubois, a pickpocket in his mid-twenties, living in 1925 New York City. Orphaned as a child, Dubois looks after many young orphans by performing cons and stealing. After stealing a large sum of money from a group of gangsters, Dubois and the children are found by the gangsters. Dubois subdues the gangsters, but the struggle draws the attention of the police.After promising to return to the children, Dubois escapes the police by stowing away on a boat. He is found out and imprisoned by gun smugglers and pirates and forced into physical labor. Eventually, the crew decides Dubois is no longer needed, but before he can be killed, the pirate ship is attacked and boarded by a mercenary Englishman, Lord Edgar Dobbs. After saving each other's lives, Dobbs agrees to help Dubois return home but deceives him and sells Dubois into slavery on an island off the coast of Siam, where Dubois is trained in Muay Thai fighting.Six months later, Dobbs and his partner Harry Smythe find Dubois fighting in a Muay Thai match and see that he has become a skilled fighter. Dobbs later assists (and exploits) Dubois, buying his freedom so the now-expert fighter can represent the U.S. in a Kumite-like tournament called the Ghang-gheng, held in the Lost City of Tibet. There, representatives of Germany, Soviet Union, Scotland, Spain, Turkey, Brazil, Korea, Siam, Greece, France, China, Japan, Okinawa, Africa, and Mongolia fight in elimination bouts. The tournament winner receives a valuable statue made of solid gold, the Golden Dragon. Along for the journey are American reporter Carrie Newton and heavyweight boxing champion Maxie Devine.Dubois ultimately wins the tournament by defeating Khan, the representative of Mongolia, and he is given a medal and proclaimed the greatest fighter, but does not accept the Golden Dragon. Instead, he trades it for the lives of Dobbs and his comrade Harry, who were sentenced to death for previously trying to steal the Golden Dragon. In the bar, Dubois explains he returned to New York and helped the children get off the streets. Devine helped to train many great fighters, while Dobbs and Harry opened a trading post deep in the Amazon. In the final scene, a book closes, revealing its title and author: The Quest by Carrie Newton.
1035	Cool Runnings (1993)	Comedy	In November 1987, Jamaican sprinter Derice Bannock trains to qualify for the 100-meter dash in the forthcoming Summer Olympics in Seoul. He fails to advance in the trials when fellow runner Junior Bevil accidentally stumbles and falls, knocking down Derice and another competitor, Yul Brenner.Derice petitions for the race to be rerun, but committee leader Barrington Coolidge denies the request, though he feels pity for Derice. He invites him to try again in four years or to try out for one of the only two other sports Jamaica competes in: boxing and cycling. Derice spots a photograph in Coolidge's office, which shows his late father, Ben, standing next to a fellow Olympic gold medalist. Coolidge identifies the man as Irving "Irv" Blitzer, a former bobsled champion who was disqualified for cheating in the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo and now works as a bookie close to Derice's home. Derice realizes he could enter the upcoming Winter Olympics in Calgary by forming a bobsled team, recruiting his friend Sanka Coffie, a pushcart derby champion.Derice and Sanka track down Blitzer, who initially refuses to help Derice but reluctantly agrees to coach the team after learning that he is Ben's son. A recruitment drive fails when only Derice and Sanka stay until the end of a preliminary meeting, but Junior and Yul arrive late, allowing Blitzer to form a four-man team. Junior, like Derice, cannot wait another four years to enter the Olympics, and Yul wants to get off the island. The team trains with Blitzer, though Coolidge refuses to provide the $20,000 needed to participate in the Olympics, believing the team's inexperience will bring disgrace to Jamaica. Derice tries and fails to find sponsors, and he, Sanka, and Yul have little success with a range of fund-raising ventures. Ultimately, Junior sells his car to finance the trip.Upon reaching Calgary, Blitzer registers the team and borrows a rundown bobsled from Roger, one of his past teammates. The Jamaicans struggle to adapt to the cold and race conditions but improve through exercise and hard work. Derice begins to copy the techniques of the very efficient Swiss team. The East German team and their captain, Josef Groole – the current bobsled world record holder – constantly heckle the Jamaicans during tryouts. Eventually, all the team members except Derice get into a bar fight with the East Germans, and Derice reprimands them severely afterward.After weeks of training, the team successfully makes the finals, only to be disqualified by the Olympic committee as retribution for Blitzer's prior cheating scandal. Blitzer confronts Kurt Hemphill, his former coach, now a judge in the committee, asking him not to punish the Jamaicans, as they had nothing to do with his past actions. The team is reinstated, and Junior rebuffs his father's attempt to bring him home, firmly stating his intent to remain in Calgary and represent Jamaica.The team's first day on the track is a disaster, and they finish in last place. Sanka disapproves of Derice copying the Swiss team's methods and encourages them to find their own competition style. They significantly improve on the second day, finishing in eighth place. During their final race, a loose screw causes one of the bobsled's blades to detach, resulting in it flipping over and crashing. Determined to finish the race, the team picks up their bobsled and carries it across the finish line, earning the applause of the other teams and the spectators, including Junior's father, despite their loss. An epilogue explains that the team returned to Jamaica as heroes, and returned to the Winter Olympics four years later to participate as equals.
1036	Drop Dead Fred (1991)	Comedy, Fantasy	Unassertive and repressed Minneapolis court reporter Elizabeth Cronin visits her husband Charles, from whom she is separated, on her lunch break, hoping to sort out their problems. He reasserts his desire for a divorce and says that he is in love with another woman, named Annabella.While she is at a public phone, first a man breaks into her car to steal her purse, and another steals the car itself. Forced to run back to work at the courthouse, she arrives late and gets fired. As she leaves the courthouse, she runs into childhood friend Mickey Bunce, who brings up memories they shared, including those of Elizabeth's imaginary friend, Drop Dead Fred. Mickey reminds her how everybody else thought she was crazy. A series of flashbacks show that though he caused havoc, he also gave her happiness and a release from her oppressive mother, Polly.After a pep talk from her friend Janie, Elizabeth moves back in with her mother, who blames her for her divorce, and changes her appearance to impress Charles. She finds a taped-shut jack-in-the-box, and removes the tape, releasing Fred. He agrees to help her feel better, which she believes will only happen when she wins back Charles. However, his childish antics do more harm than good. He sinks Janie's houseboat, causes havoc at a restaurant, and tricks Elizabeth into attacking a violinist in a shopping mall.Worried by Elizabeth's recent odd behavior, Polly takes her to a (children's) psychologist. In the waiting room, Fred is seen meeting up with the imaginary friends of other patients, who are all children. The doctor prescribes medication to rid her of Fred, whom he and Polly believe is a figment of her imagination. The medication also has the effect of slowly killing Fred.Fred reminds Elizabeth that one day, while they were making a mess on the dinner table, she heard her mother coming and she imagined him hiding in a jack-in-the-box. Polly, fed up with Elizabeth playing with Fred, took the jack-in-the-box and taped it shut, essentially taking Fred away from her. The event left Elizabeth traumatized, and her father Nigel left not long after. Elizabeth then wrote a letter to Fred, saying they'd run away together. Elizabeth and Fred run away from Polly and a nurse to Charles' party.Charles now wants her back and she is overjoyed until Fred discovers he is still cheating with Annabella and tells her. Heartbroken, she tells Fred that she cannot leave Charles because she is scared of being alone. She then passes out. They escape to a dream sequence in which she is able to reject Charles and stand up to Polly, declaring she is no longer afraid of her. She frees her imprisoned childhood self. Fred tells her that she no longer needs him, so they kiss and he disappears.Upon awakening, Elizabeth dumps Charles and stands up to Polly. Before leaving, she reconciles with Polly and encourages her to find a friend to escape her own loneliness. Days later, she visits Mickey and his daughter Natalie, who blames Drop Dead Fred for the mischief that just caused her nanny to quit. Elizabeth realizes Fred is now with Natalie, although she cannot see him anymore.
1037	Grease 2 (1982)	Comedy, Musical, Romance	In September 1961, three years after the events of the prior film ("Alma Mater" from the original stage musical), Principal McGee and her secretary Blanche react horrifiedly as students arrive at Rydell High to start a new academic year ("Back to School Again"). Among them are the trendy "bad-girl" Pink Ladies and the laid-back, motorcycle-riding ruffian T-Birds. Stephanie Zinone, the new leader of the Pink Ladies, feels she has "outgrown" her relationship with ex-boyfriend Johnny Nogerelli, the arrogant, chauvinistic and rather immature bully leader of the T-Birds.Clean-cut British student Michael Carrington (a cousin of Sandy Olsson from the previous film) is introduced to the atmosphere by former Pink Lady Frenchy, who offers to orientate him. She has returned to Rydell to obtain her diploma so she can start her own cosmetics company (as preluded with "Beauty School Dropout" in the previous film). Michael eventually meets Stephanie, and quickly becomes smitten with her.At the local bowling alley, a game between both cliques ("Score Tonight") turns hostile between Johnny and Stephanie, culminating in him kissing her friend Paulette Rebchuck. Stephanie retaliatorily kisses the next man who walks in the door, who happens to be Michael. Bemused by the unexpected kiss, Michael asks her out the next day at an audition for the upcoming school talent show, but learns she has standards for her ideal suitor ("Cool Rider"). Attempting to appropriately attain her affection, Michael starts covertly selling completed homework assignments and term papers to the academically-challenged T-Birds to save enough money for a motorcycle. Meanwhile, substitute teacher Mr. Stuart leads a rousing biology lesson ("Reproduction").Rival motorcycle gang the Cycle Lords, led by Leo "Craterface" Balmudo, surprises the T-Birds at the bowling alley. Before a fight ensues, a lone, mysterious "Cool Rider" arrives, defeats the enemy gang, and disappears into the night ("Who's That Guy?"), astounding Stephanie. Meanwhile, T-Bird Louis DiMucci attempts to trick his sweetheart, Pink Lady Sharon Cooper, into losing her virginity to him by taking her to a fallout shelter and faking a nuclear attack ("Let's Do It for Our Country").While Stephanie is working at her after-school job as an automobile mechanic at her family's gas station/auto garage, the Cool Rider surprises her with a romantic twilight motorcycle ride to a hilltop. Before he can reveal his identity, the T-Birds and Pink Ladies interrupt them, and he vows to reunite with her at the talent show. Johnny, enraged by Stephanie's new romance, threatens physical violence towards the Cool Rider if her new relationship continues. The Pink Ladies depart haughtily, ignoring the T-Birds' self-confidence ("Prowlin'").At school, Stephanie's dismal grades in English lead her to accept Michael's offer of help. Johnny, having witnessed their encounter, demands that Stephanie denounce her association with the Pink Ladies to preserve his honor. Although she is still enchanted by the mysterious Cool Rider, her romantic interactions with Michael pressure him into questioning his facade ("Charades").Stephanie and the Cool Rider reunite at the talent show but the T-Birds abruptly ambush them and pursue him to a closed-off construction site on their respective motorcycles, with the Pink Ladies following in a car. The site conceals a deadly drop, and the biker's absence suggests that he has gone over the edge and perished, devastating Stephanie. Prior to "Prowlin'", the T-Birds sabotage the competing Preptones by tying them to a shower pole in the boys' locker room. During the Pink Ladies' performance ("Girl for All Seasons"), an emotional Stephanie obliviously enters a dreamlike, fantasy world, where she reunites with her mystery biker ("(Love Will) Turn Back the Hands of Time"). She is named winner of the contest, and she and Johnny crowned Queen and King of the upcoming graduation luau.The Cycle Lords gatecrash the luau the following day ("Rock-a-Hula Luau (Summer Is Coming)"), but the Cool Rider reappears, overpowers them, and reveals himself as Michael. Initially shocked, Johnny subsequently presents him with a T-Birds jacket, officially welcoming him into the gang, and Michael and an overjoyed Stephanie cement their relationship with a passionate kiss. All the couples pair-off happily, and after the senior class graduates ("We'll Be Together"), the credits roll in yearbook-style, as in the original film ("Back to School Again").
1038	Switchback (1997)	Thriller	Late one night, a woman is killed while babysitting a young boy; the killer then kidnaps the boy. A few months later a man and cleaning woman are killed at a motel in Amarillo, Texas. Amarillo's sheriff, Buck Olmstead, is up for reelection. Both he and his opponent, police chief Jack McGinnis, strive to solve a big murder case before election day. Meanwhile, hitchhiker Lane Dixon is picked up by Bob Goodall, an affable drifter driving a white Cadillac Eldorado.FBI special agent Frank LaCrosse arrives in Amarillo and tells Olmstead an elusive serial killer is responsible for the murders. Olmstead discovers that LaCrosse was taken off the case because the kidnapped boy is his son, Andy. LaCrosse has a cryptic note from the killer who is antagonized by the F.B.I. task force's relentless pursuit; the note says that to find his son, LaCrosse will have to kill him first. It includes other clues which are later revealed. LaCrosse teams up with the reluctant Amarillo sheriff's department. The FBI agent's tactics initially concern Olmstead, particularly after discovering LaCrosse's personal conflict. He also worries that cooperating with the suspended FBI agent might cost his own job.Dixon becomes a prime suspect in the murders, but with LaCrosse on his trail, Goodall is revealed as the killer. At a mechanic's shop where his car has been repaired, Goodall draws a knife on the mechanic, actually an old friend and former co-worker, because he observes a state trooper checking out the white Cadillac. Unseen by Dixon, Goodall kills his friend who could link him to the car. As Goodall and Dixon ride on, building a friendly rapport, Goodall tells the hitchhiker about his son. He asks Dixon to look after the boy if anything happens to him. Dixon agrees, and Goodall gives him the boy's address. The authorities discover the driver of the white Cadillac at the last murder scene fits Dixon's description. No one mentions Goodall. Police roadblocks neglect the mountain roads which are nearly impassable after a blizzard.Goodall's overconfident driving along the treacherous icy backroads causes the car to careen off a cliff. The car is wedged against a bushy tree on the cliff edge, with Goodall trapped in the driver's seat. Dixon, thrown free in the snow, climbs through the passenger window and cuts Goodall free. Goodall then saves Dixon after the younger man nearly falls to his death retrieving his backpack from the car.The two men walk to a small town, planning to catch a train west. Dixon overhears men saying that the murderer is driving a white Cadillac. He suspects Goodall, but his suspicions are allayed when newly-elected sheriff McGinnis puts out an erroneous radio announcement that the killer has been arrested. The man in custody had Goodall's stolen and abandoned vehicle, and Goodall is convincing that he could not be the killer. Reconciled, Goodall and Dixon catch the train and ride in a car with Tex, another friend of Goodall's. Tex grows suspicious when Goodall hands him matches from the Amarillo motel where the two murders happened. Goodall kills Tex, proving to Dixon that Goodall is the real killer.LaCrosse, guided by Goodall's cryptic clues, chases the train. After wrecking his car, he travels overland on foot and, intercepting the train, jumps atop it. Dixon knocks Goodall down just as LaCrosse enters the railroad car. LaCrosse confronts Dixon, who professes his innocence. Goodall ambushes LaCrosse from behind. They fight until Goodall grabs Dixon, holding a knife at his throat and taunting LaCrosse, who attacks. Goodall cuts Dixon's throat, but not fatally. The fight between LaCrosse and Goodall moves out onto the snow-scraper, a large metal beam on the side of the train.  As the two men battle, hanging onto the beam, Goodall's grip slips. He reminds LaCrosse that he must kill him to locate his son. Goodall drops off the train laughing, tumbling backwards down a snowy slope until he is fatally impaled by a tree branch.LaCrosse, believing his son is lost, tends to Dixon, who cannot speak due to his throat wound. Dixon realizes Goodall gave him a clue to the boy's whereabouts and writes it on the floor with a felt tip pen. At that address, LaCrosse finds his kidnapped son playing in the neighbor's backyard.
1039	Hamlet (1996)	Drama	Prince Hamlet of Denmark is the son of the recently deceased King Hamlet and nephew of King Claudius, his father's brother and successor. Claudius hastily married King Hamlet's widow Gertrude, Hamlet's mother, and took the throne for himself. Denmark has a longstanding feud with neighbouring Norway, in which King Hamlet slew King Fortinbras of Norway in a battle some years ago. Although Denmark defeated Norway and the Norwegian throne fell to King Fortinbras's infirm brother, Denmark fears that an invasion led by the dead Norwegian king's son, Prince Fortinbras, is imminent.On a cold night on the ramparts of Elsinore, the Danish royal castle, the sentries Bernardo and Marcellus discuss a ghost resembling the late King Hamlet that they have recently seen, and bring Prince Hamlet's friend Horatio as a witness. After the ghost appears again, the three vow to tell Prince Hamlet what they have witnessed.As the court gathers the next day while King Claudius and Queen Gertrude discuss affairs of state with their elderly adviser, Polonius, Hamlet watches glumly. During the court, Claudius grants permission for Polonius's son, Laertes, to return to school in France and sends envoys to inform the King of Norway of Fortinbras. Claudius also scolds Hamlet for continuing to grieve over his father and forbids him to return to his schooling in Wittenberg. After the court exits, Hamlet despairs of his father's death and his mother's hasty remarriage. Learning of the ghost from Horatio, Hamlet resolves to see it himself.As Laertes prepares to depart for a visit to France, Polonius offers him advice that culminates in the maxim, "to thine own self be true". Polonius's daughter, Ophelia, admits that she has interest in Hamlet, but Laertes warns her against seeking the prince's attention, and Polonius orders her to reject his advances. That night on the rampart, the ghost appears to Hamlet, telling the prince that he was murdered by Claudius and demanding that Hamlet avenge him. Hamlet agrees, and the ghost vanishes. The prince confides to Horatio and the sentries that he plans to "put an antic disposition on", or act like he has gone mad, and forces them to swear to keep secret his plans for revenge. However, he remains uncertain of the ghost's reliability.Soon after, Ophelia rushes to her father, telling him that Hamlet arrived at her door the night before, half-dressed and behaving erratically. Polonius blames the love for Hamlet's madness and resolves to inform Claudius and Gertrude. As he enters to do so, the King and Queen finish welcoming Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, two student acquaintances of Hamlet, to Elsinore. The royal couple has requested that the students investigate the cause of Hamlet's mood and behaviour. Additional news requires that Polonius waits to be heard: messengers from Norway inform Claudius that the King of Norway has rebuked Prince Fortinbras for attempting to re-fight his father's battles. The forces that Fortinbras had conscripted to march against Denmark will instead be sent against Poland, although they will pass through Danish territory to get there.Polonius tells Claudius and Gertrude of his theory regarding Hamlet's behaviour and speaks to Hamlet in a hall of the castle to try to uncover more information. Hamlet feigns madness and subtly insults Polonius all the while. When Rosencrantz and Guildenstern arrive, Hamlet warmly greets his "friends" but quickly discerns that they are spies. Hamlet admits that he is upset at his situation but refuses to give the true reason, instead commenting on "What a piece of work is a man". Rosencrantz and Guildenstern tell Hamlet that they have brought with them a troupe of actors whom they met while travelling to Elsinore. Hamlet, after welcoming the actors and dismissing his friends-turned-spies, asks them to deliver a soliloquy about the death of King Priam, as witnessed by Queen Hecuba, at the climax of the Trojan War. Impressed by their delivery of the speech, he plots to stage The Murder of Gonzago, a play featuring a death in the style of his father's murder, and to determine the truth of the ghost's story, as well as Claudius's guilt or innocence, by studying Claudius's reaction.Polonius forces Ophelia to return Hamlet's love letters and tokens of affection to the prince while he and Claudius watch from afar to evaluate Hamlet's reaction. Hamlet is walking alone in the hall as the King and Polonius await Ophelia's entrance, musing whether "to be or not to be". When Ophelia enters and tries to return Hamlet's things, Hamlet accuses her of immodesty and cries "get thee to a nunnery", though it is unclear whether this, too, is a show of madness or genuine distress. His reaction convinces Claudius that Hamlet is not mad for love. Shortly thereafter, the court assembles to watch the play Hamlet has commissioned. After seeing the Player King murdered by his rival pouring poison in his ear, Claudius abruptly rises and runs from the room; for Hamlet, this is proof positive of his uncle's guilt.Gertrude summons Hamlet to her chamber to demand an explanation. Meanwhile, Claudius talks to himself about the impossibility of repenting, since he still has possession of his ill-gotten goods: his brother's crown and wife. He sinks to his knees. On his way to visit his mother, Hamlet sneaks up behind Claudius but does not kill him, reasoning that killing Claudius while he is praying will send him straight to heaven while the ghost of Hamlet's father is stuck in purgatory. In the queen's bedchamber, Hamlet and Gertrude fight bitterly. Polonius, spying on the conversation from behind a tapestry, calls for help as Gertrude, believing Hamlet wants to kill her, calls out for help herself.Hamlet, believing it is Claudius, stabs wildly, killing Polonius, but he pulls aside the curtain and sees his error. In a rage, Hamlet brutally insults his mother for her apparent ignorance of Claudius's villainy, but the ghost enters and reprimands Hamlet for his inaction and harsh words. Unable to see or hear the ghost herself, Gertrude takes Hamlet's conversation with it as further evidence of madness. After begging the queen to stop sleeping with Claudius, Hamlet leaves, dragging Polonius's corpse away.Hamlet jokes with Claudius about where he has hidden Polonius's body, and the King, fearing for his life, sends Rosencrantz and Guildenstern to accompany Hamlet to England with a sealed letter to the King of England requesting that Hamlet be executed immediately.Unhinged by grief at Polonius's death, Ophelia wanders Elsinore. Laertes arrives back from France, enraged by his father's death and his sister's madness. Claudius convinces Laertes that Hamlet is solely responsible, but a letter soon arrives indicating that Hamlet has returned to Denmark, foiling Claudius's plan. Claudius switches tactics, proposing a fencing match between Laertes and Hamlet to settle their differences. Laertes will be given a poison-tipped foil, and, if that fails, Claudius will offer Hamlet poisoned wine as a congratulation. Gertrude interrupts to report that Ophelia has drowned, though it is unclear whether it was suicide or an accident caused by her madness.Horatio has received a letter from Hamlet, explaining that the prince escaped by negotiating with pirates who attempted to attack his England-bound ship, and the friends reunite offstage. Two gravediggers discuss Ophelia's apparent suicide while digging her grave. Hamlet arrives with Horatio and banters with one of the gravediggers, who unearths the skull of a jester from Hamlet's childhood, Yorick. Hamlet picks up the skull, saying, "alas, poor Yorick", as he contemplates mortality. Ophelia's funeral procession approaches, led by Laertes. Hamlet and Horatio initially hide, but when Hamlet realizes that Ophelia is the one being buried, he reveals himself, proclaiming his love for her. Laertes and Hamlet fight by Ophelia's graveside, but the brawl is broken up.Back at Elsinore, Hamlet explains to Horatio that he had discovered Claudius's letter with Rosencrantz and Guildenstern's belongings and replaced it with a forged copy indicating that his former friends should be killed instead of him. A foppish courtier, Osric, interrupts the conversation to deliver the fencing challenge to Hamlet, who, despite Horatio's pleas, accepts it. Hamlet does well at first, leading the match by two hits to none, and Gertrude raises a toast to him using the poisoned glass of wine Claudius had set aside for Hamlet. Claudius tries to stop her but is too late: she drinks, and Laertes realizes the plot will be revealed. Laertes slashes Hamlet with his poisoned blade. In the ensuing scuffle, they switch weapons, and Hamlet wounds Laertes with his own poisoned sword. Gertrude collapses and, claiming she has been poisoned, dies. In his dying moments, Laertes reconciles with Hamlet and reveals Claudius's plan. Hamlet rushes at Claudius and kills him. As the poison takes effect, Hamlet, hearing that Fortinbras is marching through the area, names the Norwegian prince as his successor.Horatio, distraught at the thought of being the last survivor and living while Hamlet does not, says that he will perform suicide by drinking the dregs of Gertrude's poisoned wine, but Hamlet begs him to live and tell his story. Hamlet dies on the floor in front of Horatio, proclaiming "the rest is silence". Fortinbras, who was ostensibly marching toward Poland with his army, arrives at the palace, along with an English ambassador bringing news of Rosencrantz's and Guildenstern's deaths. Horatio promises to recount the full story of what happened, and Fortinbras, seeing the entire Danish royal family dead, takes the crown for himself and orders a military funeral to honour Prince Hamlet.
1040	Two if by Sea (1996)	Comedy, Romance	Frank O'Brien, a small-time thief, and his longtime girlfriend Roz have stolen a Matisse painting and are bickering in their stolen getaway car as they casually evade a string of police cars pursuing them, which can be considered a miracle.Told it is worth 100 thousand, they expect to make 10 thousand upon delivering it in two days. Hearing a train, they ditch the car for Amtrak, but it doesn't take long for the police to catch up. Frank and Roz jump a ferry to Rhode Island, where they are meant to deliver the painting.Finding out a family is away through the weekend, they let themselves in. Soon afterward the neighbor Evan Marsh pops by, and Roz skillfully weaves a lie, dropping the names of the homeowner's son based on a postcard she saw. At ease, Evan invites them to a party the next evening.That evening the couple are relaxing, and Roz finds the stolen painting featured in a book of art. Soon thereafter they argue over another job Frank's meant to do the following week, as he'd promised to start to earn a living to put an end to their unsteady lifestyle and just do that last job.As Roz kicked Frank out of the bedroom, he wakes on the sofa to a local law enforcement officer. Todd, a neighbor, had contacted the station, reporting suspicious behaviour. The couple starts to answer, when Evan waltzes in and vouches for them.At Evan's party, Roz is successfully trying to blend, while an uncomfortable Frank tags along. He had been trying to dissuade her from going, mistrustful of Evan, and uncomfortable with the high society types there. Tired of Frank spoiling Roz's attempt to interact, she stomps away from the party. She tells him she needs to move on, as their relationship is not advancing as she needs.The next day, Roz tries out painting, as well as spends the day with Evan. They ride horses and he openly expresses his interest. Meanwhile, Todd shows Frank his footage of various neighbors. He brags that he has grabbed lots of great shots he could use as blackmail.On sunday morning, while Roz is spending time with Evan he kisses her, making her uncomfortable. Meanwhile, Frank realises that he's seen footage from Evan's of another missing Matisse in his house, realising he is an art thief.When the FBI swarm in to bust the couple for the Matisse, Frank leads them to Evan’s, where several extremely valuable paintings are found. Roz and Frank make up after he promises to clean up his act and settle down.
1041	Forget Paris (1995)	Comedy, Romance	At a restaurant in New York City, Andy prepares to introduce his friends to his fiancée, Liz. As the couple waits for the rest of the party to arrive, he tells her the story of how his friends Mickey and Ellen came to fall in love. As each of Andy's friends arrive, more of the story is unfolded.Mickey Gordon is a National Basketball Association referee who honors his recently deceased father's wishes by burying him with his World War II Army platoon in France, of which he was the sole survivor. The plans are delayed when the airline misplaces the casket.Ellen Andrews, an airline employee from Wichita working in Paris, assists Mickey in locating and retrieving the casket. She surprises him by attending the burial so he will not be alone. Mickey rides back to Paris with Ellen, and they get to know each other along the way. He decides to delay his return trip to the US to spend time with Ellen. They fall in love, but Mickey is forced to return for the beginning of the NBA season.Mickey's loneliness leads him to lose his temper during a nationally televised game. Suspended by the NBA for a week, he returns to Paris to see Ellen. He learns Ellen is married but separated, and is unsure if she and her husband will get back together. While Mickey is in Charlotte refereeing a game, Ellen arrives, revealing that she has gotten a divorce. Having quit her job in France, she marries him. After a honeymoon period spent on the road during the NBA season, the couple settles in the San Fernando Valley outside Mickey's hometown of Los Angeles.When the next basketball season begins, Ellen takes an entry-level customer service job with American Airlines, while Mickey travels with the NBA. Hating her new job and only seeing him a few days each month, Ellen becomes lonely and depressed. She asks Mickey to quit his job; he compromises by taking a one-year leave of absence and briefly working as a car salesman. Ellen gets promoted, climbing the corporate ladder, leaving Mickey at home to tend to her rather senile father, Arthur.Mickey, unhappy at home with Arthur, decides to return early to the NBA. He comes home from a road trip to find Ellen gone. Before he can read her note, she arrives and explains that she had simply returned to Kansas to deliver Arthur to her siblings so they can be alone to repair their marriage.Ellen tells Mickey she has been offered a transfer to Dallas. He refuses to move away from California, so she takes the airline's other offer of a transfer to Paris. Now separated, they are seemingly content in their original arrangements: Mickey traveling with the NBA, and Ellen working for an airline in Paris. It is obvious to everyone that they miss each other.At the restaurant, Andy's friends have caught Liz up to date with the latest development coming four months prior. A basketball fan enters the restaurant and informs the group of an odd occurrence during the traditional singing of "The Star-Spangled Banner" prior to that night's New York Knicks game at Madison Square Garden. Mickey decides to go AWOL from his job and immediately return to Paris to find Ellen.Before Mickey can cross the basketball court, he spots Ellen in the arena. They meet and reconcile at mid-court, and as the arena lights come on after the anthem, the entire crowd sees them kiss.Mickey and Ellen arrive at the restaurant together and re-tell Liz the story of their relationship.
1042	Just Cause (1995)	Mystery, Thriller	Paul Armstrong, a liberal Harvard professor and former lawyer opposed to capital punishment, is persuaded by an elderly woman to go to Florida to investigate the conviction of her grandson Bobby Earl Ferguson for murder. Ferguson, a former Cornell University student, was convicted of raping and brutally murdering a young white girl named Joanie Shriver eight years prior. Ferguson tells Armstrong that he was physically and psychologically tortured by two police detectives to get a forced confession, but firmly states he is innocent. Armstrong, believing in his innocence, must save him from being executed in the electric chair. As Armstrong digs deeper into the case, he discovers that Tanny Brown, the chief detective on the case, did indeed coerce Ferguson's confession.Ferguson tells the professor that the murder was actually committed by Blair Sullivan, a serial killer awaiting execution. According to Ferguson, Sullivan constantly taunts him about his conviction for the crime. Sullivan, through the use of cryptic Biblical clues, provides a lead on the location of the knife used to kill the girl. Armstrong and Brown investigate, and find the weapon concealed in an old culvert. Brown tries to threaten Armstrong into abandoning the investigation, and Armstrong in turn discovers why Brown is so passionate about the Ferguson case: the murdered girl was best friends with Brown's daughter. With a new testimony and with the murder weapon in hand, Ferguson gets a re-trial and is acquitted and thereafter freed from prison. Subsequently, the governor authorizes Sullivan's execution.Armstrong receives a call from Sullivan, who says he has a final clue to share, but first wants Armstrong to visit Sullivan's parents and tell them he said goodbye. Arriving at the house, Armstrong sees various religious items before finding their butchered, decaying bodies. Back at the prison, Sullivan gloats that he and Ferguson struck a deal: Ferguson would kill Sullivan's parents in exchange for freedom, while Sullivan would claim responsibility for the girl's murder, which Ferguson did in fact commit. Armstrong asks why he was needed for their scheme, and Sullivan replies that was "Bobby Earl's call", meaning that Armstrong would be much more believable in establishing the verdicts than either Ferguson or Sullivan. Armstrong, in his anger at being manipulated, lies to Sullivan and tells him his parents were alive and that they "forgive him", enraging Sullivan. Shortly thereafter, he is forcibly taken to the electric chair, where he is executed.Armstrong suspects that Ferguson is aiming to kidnap his wife and daughter, and pursues him with Brown in tow. They learn Ferguson's motive is a desire for revenge on Armstrong's wife Laurie; she was the prosecutor against him in a previous kidnapping case where the arresting officer was the woman's ex-boyfriend which, while ultimately dropped due to lack of evidence, resulted in his being brutalized and castrated in jail when she had him remanded to make a name for herself, as well as the loss of his Cornell scholarship and educational prospects. Out in the swamps, Armstrong finds his wife and daughter in a small shack, where Ferguson appears after ambushing Brown and taking his gun. Ferguson claims to have killed Brown, and states his intent to avenge himself on Armstrong's wife and daughter, and then disappear. Brown suddenly appears behind Ferguson and helps Armstrong overpower him. Armstrong stabs Ferguson to death with Ferguson's own knife, and his body is eaten by alligators. Having come to an understanding with Brown, Armstrong is reunited with his family.
1043	Rent-a-Kid (1995)	Comedy	Cliff Haber runs an orphanage, and decides to go on a vacation. He has his father, Harry, run the orphanage while he is away. Harry has a rental store and decides that it would be a good idea to rent out orphans to prospective adoptive parents after he hears Cliff's testimony on how hard it is for him to find parents for the orphans he takes care of. Meanwhile, as Cliff is away, he gets a bigger idea by overhearing a couple at a Mexican restaurant, Russ and Valerie Syracuse, arguing over the issue of wanting to have children.Through enough persuasion from Harry and giving it thought on their own, they decide to rent all three Ward children, Brandon, Kyle, and Molly. A couple, the Lachmans, come to the orphanage wanting to adopt a girl. They find and choose Molly which they tell Cliff and he spreads on to Harry, and as he gives the news to Molly, she is not happy, because she does not want to leave Kyle and Brandon. So, to try and fix the issue, they attempt to set out to behave as good as they can, so that Russ and Valerie will fall in love with them enough to want to keep them. But their plan ends up failing now and again. But even through all the pros and cons that Russ and Valerie face dealing with them for ten days, at the very last moment, they decide to adopt them. Meanwhile, Harry has been trying to find ways to keep his renting out orphans idea covered up from Cliff, knowing how eccentric he considers him to be for it. But due to a forum that he leaves out on the office table by a phone which Cliff happens to stumble on, when he returns at the end of the renting period, the attempts fail at the last moment, and he goes and scolds Harry outside the apartment building that Russ and Valerie live in, accusing him of being overly insane, but changes his mind, when he finds out that his plan worked.
1044	Paper, The (1994)	Comedy, Drama	Henry Hackett is the metro editor of the tabloid newspaper The New York Sun who loves his job, but has grown weary of the long hours and low pay. He also worries that he could become like his editor-in-chief, Bernie White, who put his work first at the expense of his family. Bernie reveals to Henry that he has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, and tries to track down his estranged daughter in an attempt to reconcile before his time is up.Facing dire financial straits, the paper's owner has Henry's nemesis, managing editor Alicia Clark, impose unpopular cutbacks. He is also clashing with his pregnant wife Martha, a fellow Sun journalist (currently on leave), over her fears that he won't be around to help raise their child. She urges him to become an editor at the prestigious New York Sentinel, which would mean more money, respect and fewer hours.That morning, a hot story develops involving the murder of two white businessmen in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. A pair of African-American teenagers are arrested for the crime, but Henry and columnist Michael McDougal become skeptical after hearing cops criticizing the arrest on the newsroom police scanner.Henry becomes obsessed with the case, pushing his staff to dig into the story. It leads him to blow his chances at the Sentinel when he cannot resist stealing information about the case while in the Sentinel newsroom interviewing for the job. Meanwhile, a source tells Martha that the businessmen were bankers who stole money from a reputed New York mobster, further convincing Henry that the Brooklyn youths were wrongly arrested.Henry pushes to extend the deadline to get more time to nail the story, but Alicia refuses, citing the cost of overtime pay for the press workers and delivery truck drivers. With time running out, Henry and McDougal get a police detective to confirm that the suspects are innocent, and just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. Returning to the Sun, Henry confronts Alicia, who refuses to let him stop the presses and run the right story. They have an awkward fistfight before Alicia prevails, then fires Henry.After having a drink with McDougal at a journalist watering hole, Alicia has a change of heart after McDougal tells her this would be the first time the paper knowingly ran a false story. But before she can reach the press room on a pay phone, she is hit in the leg by a stray bullet fired by a drunk city official who had gone to the bar to confront McDougal over columns attacking him.Meanwhile, Henry arrives home just as Martha is being rushed to the hospital for an emergency cesarean section. As doctors prep Martha for surgery, in another part of the hospital, Alicia insists on calling the Sun to change the front page before allowing doctors to treat her.The next morning, Alicia lies in her hospital bed reading a copy of the Sun with the headline "They Didn't Do It!" Henry stops by the nursery to see his newborn son, then goes to Martha's room. As he lies down with her, a news anchor on the bedside radio reports that the youths have been released thanks to the Sun's exclusive scoop.
1045	Fearless (1993)	Drama	Max Klein survives an airline crash. The plane plummets, but he is strangely calm. This calm enables him to dispel fear in the flight cabin. He sits next to Byron Hummel, a young boy flying alone. Flight attendants move through the cabin, telling another passenger, Carla Rodrigo, traveling with an infant, to hold the child in her lap as the plane plummets out of control, while telling other passengers to buckle into their seats. Max was telling his business partner, Jeff Gordon, of his fear of flying as they took off.In the aftermath of the crash, most passengers died. Among the few survivors, most are terribly injured but Max is unhurt. The crash site is chaotic, filled with first responders and other emergency personnel. Focusing on the survivors, a team of investigators from the FAA and the airline conduct interviews. Max is repelled by all the chaos and disgusted by the investigators wanting to interview him.Max rents a car and starts driving home. Along the way, he visits his high school girlfriend Alison, whom he has not seen for 20 years. At the restaurant, Alison is surprised to see Max eating a strawberry, as he is allergic to them. He grins, then finishes it without an allergic reaction.The next morning, Max is accosted by FBI investigators. They question why he chose not to contact his family to tell them he is fine. The airline representative offers Max train tickets to return home, but he asks for airline tickets, as he no longer fears air travel. The airline books him on the flight. They seat him next to Dr. Bill Perlman, the airline's psychiatrist.Dr. Perlman annoyingly tags behind Max back to his home, prodding him for information about the crash. Max snaps back at the psychiatrist rudely, to be rid of him. Max's wife Laura Klein notices his strange behavior and that he seems somehow changed. Max's late business partner's wife Nan Gordon asks about Jeff's last moments. Max says Jeff died in the crash.The media call Max "The Good Samaritan" in news reports. The boy Max sat next to, Byron, publicly thanks him in television interviews. For the way he comforted passengers while the plane fell out of control during the crash, Max is considered a hero.Max avoids the press and becomes distant from Laura and his son Jonah. His persona is radically changed, and he is preoccupied with his new perspective on life following the near-death experience. Max begins drawing abstract pictures of the crash. As he survived without injury, he thinks himself invulnerable to death.Because of his confidence, Dr. Perlman encourages Max to meet with fellow survivor Carla Rodrigo, whose infant was held in her lap while the plane fell. She struggles with survivor's guilt, and is traumatized for not holding onto him tightly enough, although she was following the flight attendant's instructions.Max and Carla develop a close friendship. He helps her to get past the trauma, to free herself from guilt, deliberately crashing his car to show that it was physically impossible for any person to hold onto anything due to the forces of the crash.Attorney Steven Brillstein encourages Max to exaggerate testimony, to maximize the settlement offer from the airline. He reluctantly agrees when he is confronted with Nan's financial predicament as a widow.Cognitive dissonance spurs Max to a panic attack. He runs out of the office, to the roof of the building. He climbs onto the roof's edge. As Max stands on the ledge, looking down at the streets below, his panic subsides. He rejoices in fearlessness. Laura finds Max on the ledge. He is spinning on it, with his overcoat billowing across his face.Brillstein arrives at the Kleins' to celebrate the airline's settlement offer, bringing a fruit basket. Max eats one of the strawberries. This time he experiences an allergic reaction. Max is resuscitated by Laura and survives. He recovers his emotional connection to his family, to the world and to the reality of yet another chance at life.
1046	Malice (1993)	Thriller	In a Massachusetts college town, newlyweds Andy and Tracy Safian are having sex when they notice the young boy next door at his window, seemingly watching them. Andy is an Associate Dean at a women's college. When Bridget Kelly, a student on campus is wounded by a serial rapist, Dr. Jed Hill, a newly arrived surgeon at the local hospital, operates and saves her life. Meeting Jed, Andy realizes that they attended high school together. Money is tight, so Andy invites Jed, who is looking for an apartment, to rent the third floor of their Victorian home to finance new plumbing.Andy finds the body of one of his students, Paula Bell, murdered by the rapist. Interviewing Andy as a possible suspect, police detective Dana Harris requests a semen sample. While leaving the station, Andy learns that Tracy was hospitalized for severe abdominal pain and Jed is operating on her. While removing one of her ovaries, ruptured due to a cyst, Jed discovers Tracy is pregnant, but the surgery causes the fetus to abort. Another surgeon, Dr. Matthew Robertson, notices that Tracy's other ovary is torsed and appears necrotic. Jed advises Andy to agree to the removal of Tracy's second ovary, rather than risk her life. Andy painfully agrees, since Tracy will become infertile. Overruling the protests of other doctors that the other ovary might still be healthy, Jed removes it. After removal, the ovary is found healthy. Blaming Andy for his consent and her infertility, Tracy leaves him and sues Jed for malpractice.During a deposition in which Jed is accused of having a god complex, he declares himself above reproach as a surgeon, asserting, "I am God," due to his ability to heal patients, before storming out. Tracy's lawyer Dennis Riley reveals that Jed was drinking the night of the operation. Fearful of negative publicity from a civil trial, the hospital and Jed's insurance company settle with Tracy for $20 million.Andy discovers that the rapist is Earl Leemus, a handyman at the college. After a struggle, Andy subdues Earl, who is arrested. In the aftermath, Dana informs Andy that his semen sample indicates he is sterile, thus he was not the father of Tracy's aborted child. When Andy accuses Riley of having impregnated Tracy, he asserts his innocence but refuses to break attorney–client privilege. Riley then suggests that Tracy's mother Mrs. Kennsinger- who Tracy told Andy had died 12 years previously - can answer his questions, advising Andy to take a bottle of scotch to her.Andy tracks down Mrs. Kennsinger, a resentful alcoholic who reveals Tracy as a lifelong con artist and declares Andy an easy mark. Previously, Tracy had an affair with a wealthy man, who paid for her to have an abortion. Tracy began her career as a con woman by keeping the money and having the abortion at a clinic. Tracy next took up with a "Dr. David Lilienfield". Following up these leads, Andy learns that "Lilienfield" is Jed and that he and Tracy set Andy up so Jed could move into the house, injecting her with pergonal, which causes ovarian cysts in overdose. Confronting Tracy, Andy demands half the settlement money. Pointedly, he tells her that his will directs police to their 10-year-old next-door neighbor as a witness to her and Jed's crimes.Tracy asks Jed to murder the boy, but Jed refuses to kill for her, telling Tracy to give Andy what he wants so they can leave the country. During a quarrel, Jed blames Tracy's greed for exposing Andy's infertility by getting pregnant to increase the settlement, and Tracy shoots and kills Jed. She then slips into the neighbor's house and attempts to suffocate the boy, only to find a dummy in his place. Enraged, Tracy attacks Andy after he walks in on her. Struggling, they fall down a stair landing from the second floor but survive. Dana appears and arrests Tracy, revealing that the boy's ability to testify against her was part of a sting operation to catch her in the act of attempted murder.As Tracy is led away in handcuffs to a police cruiser, the boy and his mother return home, and Tracy notices that he is blind. Andy leaves with Dana to have a drink of scotch.
1047	Multiplicity (1996)	Comedy	Doug Kinney works in construction in Los Angeles, and his job constantly gets in the way of his family. Working on a new wing of a scientific facility, Doug meets Dr. Leeds, a scientist who developed a method for cloning humans. He is introduced to Dr. Leeds' clone as proof. Sympathetic to Doug's troubles, Dr. Leeds clones him, so the clone can take over for Doug at work, while the original tries to spend time with his family. "Two", a clone who calls himself "Lance", has all of Doug's memories and knowledge, but is also an exaggeration of Doug's masculine side.Doug tries to keep his clone a secret. While he and his wife Laura are at a restaurant for dinner, he sees Two on his own date. Doug begins to worry about his clone being revealed.Despite the complications of having a clone, Lance is extremely busy at work, so Doug has another made to help out at home. "Three", who calls himself "Rico", is an exaggeration of Doug's feminine side. He is sensitive and thoughtful and loves to cook and take care of the house, much to Lance's chagrin.Lance and Rico attempt to make another clone, "Four", who is later named Lenny. Since he is a clone-of-a-clone (and a copy of a copy may not be as 'sharp' as the original), his intelligence is lower than that of his predecessors, yet Lenny represents an exaggeration of Doug's immature side, and he refers to Doug as "Steve". Annoyed, Doug decrees that no more clones be created.Doug decides to take some time off, going on a sailing trip. He does not want Laura to know, so he has his clones step in for him while he is away. Although he instructs them that Laura is off limits, while he is gone each of the clones run into Laura. Despite their best efforts to follow instructions, she persists and eventually has sex with all three of them, thinking they are Doug.The next day, Lance has a cold and cannot go to work, so he sends Rico. During an inspection on site, Rico's ignorance about the current construction site annoys the inspector, which leads to Doug losing his job.Laura becomes increasingly upset with her husband's erratic behavior and how he has no memories of discussions she unwittingly had with another clone. Thinking Doug is ignoring her, she reveals her feelings to Lenny, mentioning how Doug has never kept his promise to fix up the house. When she asks him what he wants, an inattentive Lenny replies, "I want pizza". Upset, she takes the children and moves back to her parents' home.After finding out everything that has happened while he was away, Doug tries to determine how to get Laura back. Lenny tells him that Laura said he never fixed the house. With the help of the clones, Doug remodels their home and wins back Laura's love. He also tells her he is planning to start his own contracting business. Realizing Doug can take care of himself now, the clones move away. As they are driving away, Laura sees them in the car next to her. Believing that she is hallucinating, Laura tells her children that you can tell you really love someone when everyone you see reminds you of them.The clones write to Doug that they have set up a successful pizzeria called "Three Guys from Nowhere" in Miami, Florida, and masquerade as triplets. Lance becomes the businessman of the shop and serves customers, enjoying this opportunity to meet women. Rico is the head chef and is "cooking up a storm and having a ball", and Lenny is both the delivery boy and a paperboy. But because of his limited intellect, he confuses the two jobs, and the movie ends with him delivering a pizza by throwing it, newspaper-style.
1048	She's the One (1996)	Comedy, Romance	Irish Catholic Mickey Fitzpatrick is a NYC taxi driver, unhappy over his ex-fiancée Heather's infidelity. His brother, Francis, is a Wall Street stock investor married to Renee, though she is frustrated by his lack of desire for sexual relations – not knowing he is having an affair with Heather.On weekends, Mickey and Francis visit their parents on Long Island. Their father, Frank, is old-school, low-key, and sexist, always telling Mickey and Francis what to do, yet also advising them to always push to succeed.Driving his cab, Mickey picks up Hope, an NYU art student headed to the airport. Clicking immediately, she asks him to drive her to New Orleans, they fall head over heels and impulsively marry the next day, returning to NYC two days later to tell Francis and Renee. Francis is upset, mostly because he was not asked to be best man.Mickey moves in with Hope but soon becomes disillusioned with her bohemian lifestyle, including frequent power cuts in their ramshackle apartment. Francis grows concerned that he is being unfair to Heather by continuing to stay with Renee. At the same time, Renee's Italian-American family, mostly her younger sister Molly, suggests the problem with Francis' lack of interest is that he may be gay, so she asks Mickey and Frank to confront him. He denies being gay but admits to being unfaithful.Francis belittles Mickey for the lack of forward progress in his life with Hope. Francis also argues with Heather about her ongoing sexual relations with a wealthy old man, "Papa". When Mickey picks up Heather as a fare, he goes to her apartment to retrieve his TV. She implies that he wants more than just the TV from her, but he does not reciprocate, chastising her for the infidelity that ended their engagement and for her time as a call girl to pay her way through college. Throughout it all, Frank offers more egotistical advice to them— only to be devastated when he learns, on a fishing trip with his priest, that his religious wife has not been to Mass in months.On a visit to Heather's, Francis learns about her meeting with Mickey. He shows up at his brother's to ask him if he had sex with her. Later, Mickey discovers she is who Francis is having the affair with. The revelation escalates to an argument at their parents', leading Frank to strap boxing gloves on them, with Mickey winning on the first punch.Francis finally tells Renee about his affair and files for divorce. When Mickey finds out he intends to marry Heather, he tells Francis Heather had been a prostitute, giving Francis cold feet.Hope informs Mickey they will need to move to Paris in a month if she is accepted into art school there. Already unsure of leaving New York to join her when meeting Connie, Hope's co-worker at a neighborhood bar, who claims to have had a "special relationship" with Hope before the marriage (strongly implying a lesbian romance). Mickey reacts poorly, leading Hope to say she is unsure if he should come to Paris with her after all.Due to Francis' sudden indecision over marriage, Heather marries Papa. When he threatens to tell Papa that she was a prostitute, Heather tells him that Papa was "her best customer". He then calls Renee in hopes of getting back together with her, but she is already in a relationship with Scott Sherman, a family acquaintance whom Francis previously called a fatso geek, while Renee had pointed out that he was shy and sweet and nicer than him.Mickey and Francis meet with Frank at his house, and he tells them their mother just left him for a hardware store owner. She has been sleeping with him when supposedly at church. Frank apologizes to his sons for giving them bad advice about life and love, as his own wife was cheating. The three men go out fishing, aware that despite the failure of their love lives, they will always have each other. As they prepare the motorboat to cast off, Mickey realizes he must try to talk with Hope before she leaves for Paris. Surprised, he learns Frank has arranged a special guest – Hope. She asks to drive the boat, but Frank, who never allowed a woman on his boat before, says it is too soon for that.
1049	House Arrest (1996)	Comedy	The Beindorf family, consisting of Ned, Janet, Grover, and Stacy, live a supposedly happy typical family life in the suburbs of Defiance, Ohio. In fact, Ned and Janet are not happy and are separating, although they tell Grover and Stacy it is not a divorce.Grover and Stacy first try to recreate Ned and Janet's honeymoon in Hawaii in the basement, but this fails to bring any happiness into their relationship. Grover and Stacy then leave the basement, telling Ned and Janet they must get another surprise for them upstairs. They go up, close the door, and nail it shut. They vow to keep it so until Ned and Janet work out their problems and get their marriage back on its feet.The next day, Grover tells his best friend, Matt Finley, what he has done and T.J. Krupp, the wealthy local bully, overhears them. Matt goes over to the Beindorfs' house to look at Grover and Stacy's work and is impressed. T.J. shows up to have a look and actually installs a newer, more secure door to keep Ned and Janet trapped inside.T.J. and Matt then leave to collect their parents and bring them there to lock them up as well. Matt's father, Vic, never keeps a wife for more than two years and is on his latest one, Louise. T.J.'s father, Donald, does not treat his wife, Gwenna, well.Matt also brings his bulldog, Cosmo, and two younger brothers, Jimmy and Teddy, who come armed with sleeping bags and T.J. brings his boa constrictor, Spot. When Grover asks what is going on in response to his friends setting up camp at his house, T.J. says, "Our parents could be down there for months!"Ned and Janet almost talk Grover into letting them out, but Donald threatens him with legal action. Grover finds out that his crush, Brooke Figler, is also having parental problems: her mother, Cindy, acts awkward, going so far as to trying to hang out with her friends. Grover invites her to lock Cindy up with the rest.The children begin to help their parents solve their problems. They try to find a way out of the basement while getting along and seeing what each of their problems are. The children also work out their differences with each other above. They eventually give in and up to the police led by Chief Rocco. Their parents are set free.Some time later, Ned and Janet reconcile and took a second honeymoon to Hawaii. Vic and Louise's marriage lasts past the two-year mark and they are expecting another child. Donald and Gwenna get divorced, though she later goes back to law school and they open up a law firm together. Cindy starts dating other guys instead of intruding on Brooke's dates. Also, Grover and Brooke became a couple and she passionately kisses him in front of their classmates at school. He concludes that if Ned and Janet ever try to get divorced again, he might think of locking them in the attic.
1050	Ghost and Mrs. Muir, The (1947)	Drama, Romance	In early 1900s Britain, recently widowed Mrs. Lucy Muir moves from London to the seaside village of Whitecliff, despite the disapproval of her in-laws. After visiting the local estate agent, she decides to rent a house named Gull Cottage."Cottage" uses the 18th/19th century use of this term, as the house is a substantial villa, although somewhat neglected. When shown the interior by the agent she first sees the portrait of the former occupant and owner, a roguish sea captain named Captain Daniel Gregg. A ghostly laugh is heard while she is with the agent, who tells her that Gregg committed suicide and that the cottage is haunted. Despite this unusual circumstance, she persists in renting Gull Cottage.On the first night after moving in with her young daughter Anna and her loyal housekeeper Martha, Lucy is disturbed by apparitions, but she stands resolute and demands the ghost show himself. After Captain Gregg manifests himself, he tells Lucy that his death four years ago was not a suicide, but the result of accidentally kicking the valve on a gas-fired room heater in his sleep. Daniel explains that he wants to turn Gull Cottage into a home for retired seamen, thus why he has been frightening away tenants. However, due to Lucy's headstrong attitude, as well as her appreciation of the house, Daniel reluctantly agrees to allow her to live in Gull Cottage and promises to make himself visible only to her.Lucy's investment — her only source of income — has dried up, and her in-laws tell her she has no choice but to move back to London. However, Daniel has warmed up to her and asks her to stay. They decide to write a book, a dictation of his memoirs from his time at sea, from which she will profit. During the course of writing the book, they fall in love. Both realize it is a hopeless situation, and Daniel tells Lucy that she should find a living man to be with. In London, Lucy goes to meet a publisher, Mr. Sproule, and encounters Miles Fairley, a suave author who writes children's books under the pen name Uncle Neddy. Mr. Sproule agrees to publish Daniel's lurid and sensational recollections, titled Blood and Swash, providing Lucy with an advance which she uses to buy Gull Cottage.Fairley follows her back to Whitecliff and they begin a whirlwind courtship. Though initially jealous of their relationship, Daniel decides to leave, as he considers himself an obstacle to Lucy's chance at happiness. While she is asleep, he places in her mind the suggestion that she alone wrote the book and his presence was merely a dream. He fades away after declaring his regret that he never had a life with her.Fairley cancels a planned visit to Gull Cottage, saying he will be in London for a few days. Lucy visits London to sign a contract, and obtains Fairley's address in the city from the office clerk to pay a surprise visit. She discovers that Fairley is already married with two children, and Mrs. Fairley sympathetically tells her that she is not Fairley's first extramarital affair. Heartbroken, Lucy returns to Whitecliff to spend the rest of her life as a recluse, with Martha looking after her.Years later, Mrs. Fairley has had enough of her husband's philandering and divorces him, taking full custody of their children. Anna goes to university and returns with a Royal Navy lieutenant she plans to marry. Anna reveals to her mother that she knew about her mother's relationship with "Uncle Neddy", and that she believes that she too saw Daniel, whom she regarded as a childhood crush, meaning Daniel broke his promise to Lucy not to show himself. Anna argues that Daniel must be real since they both saw him, but Lucy still believes that it was a dream and reasons it is more logical to conclude that she transmitted her dream to Anna through her stories than to believe in ghosts. She also tells Anna that although she had at times been lonely, she was never truly alone.Many years later, the elderly Lucy is now ailing, and Anna's daughter (also named Lucy) is engaged to a airplane captain; Anna believes that affection for captains runs in their family. Lucy rejects the glass of hot milk Martha has brought for her with a complaint that she is tired. After Martha leaves the room, Lucy dies. Daniel returns and approaches her, whispering that she will never be tired again. Taking his hands, her young spirit leaves her aged body and greets him with a loving smile. Unseen by Martha, the couple leave the house and walk arm-in-arm into an ethereal mist.
1051	Associate, The (1996)	Comedy	Investment banker Laurel Ayres is a smart and single woman trying to make it up the Wall Street corporate ladder, until one day she finds out that she is being passed over for a promotion because of her gender. Unable to face the fact that her less intelligent male protege, Frank Peterson, has now become her boss, she quits and tries to start up her own company only to find out that the male dominated world of Wall Street is not interested in taking an African American woman seriously, and thus is forced to create a fictional white man, Robert S. Cutty (inspired by a bottle of Cutty Sark) to legitimize her talents and make her professionally relevant in said world.Ayres does extensive research into the cultural and performative codes of the culture she seeks to impersonate. Ayres' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer-savvy secretary Sally Dugan, who also was not properly recognized for her talents. Together, they are able to become the most successful independent stockbrokers in the world while helping a struggling high-tech computer company stay afloat.However, the ruse eventually runs into problems because Cutty is still getting credit for Ayres' great ideas, while competing firms and tabloid journalists are willing to do anything in order to bring the wealthy and elusive Cutty into the public and on their side. Ayres is forced to recruit her best friend (who works at a nightclub as a female impersonator) to craft a disguise, complete with facial prosthetics, so she can appear as "Cutty" and fool the naysayers. When that fails, she and Dugan decide to kill Cutty, but the plan backfires, as they are then charged with his murder. Frank uncovers the ruse and blackmails the two women so he can be Cutty's front man.The film ends with Ayres donning the Cutty disguise one last time to attend a meeting of an exclusive gentlemen's club to accept Cutty's awards and unmasking herself in order to teach the male-dominated industry the evils of racial and sexual discrimination. Ayres is finally given credit for her work and creates a huge business empire with her friends at the helm. Frank is ridiculed when he attempts to land a job with the business.
1052	Dracula: Dead and Loving It (1995)	Comedy, Horror	In 1893, solicitor Thomas Renfield travels from London to "Castle Dracula" in Transylvania to finalize Dracula's purchase of Carfax Abbey in England. Renfield meets Dracula, who unknown to Renfield, is a vampire. Dracula casts a hypnotic spell on Renfield, making him his slave. They soon embark for England. During the voyage, Dracula kills the ship's crew. When the ship arrives and Renfield is discovered alone on the ship, he is confined to a lunatic asylum.Meanwhile, Dracula visits an opera house, where he introduces himself to his new neighbors: Doctor Seward, the asylum's administrator and head psychiatrist; Seward's daughter, Mina, and her fiancé, Jonathan Harker; and family friend Lucy Westenra. Dracula flirts with Lucy and later that night, enters her bedroom, and drinks her blood.Mina discovers Lucy still in bed late in the morning, looking strangely pale. Seward, puzzled by the odd puncture marks on her throat, calls in Professor Abraham Van Helsing. Van Helsing informs the skeptical Dr. Seward that Lucy has been attacked by a vampire. Seward and Harker allow garlic to be placed in Lucy's bedroom to repel the vampire, though Seward remains skeptical. After a failed attempt by Renfield to remove the garlic, Dracula uses mind control to get Lucy out of her room and kills her.Van Helsing meets Dracula and begins to suspect him of being a vampire after the two argue in Moldavian, each attempting to have the last word. Lucy, now a vampire herself, rises from her crypt, drains the blood from her guard, and tries to attack and seduce Harker who is keeping watch over her tomb to see if there is any truth in Van Helsing's belief about Lucy now being a vampire Van Helsing arrives soon after and instructs Jonathan to lay Lucy's soul to rest by driving a stake through her heart.Dracula preys on Mina, wanting her to be his undead bride. Dracula spirits Mina away to Carfax Abbey, where they dance, and he drinks her blood. The following morning, Mina tries to seduce Harker. Dr. Seward assumes Jonathan to be seducing Mina and orders him to leave. Van Helsing notices a scarf around Mina's neck and removes it, revealing two puncture marks. Though she lies about how she got them, Van Helsing confirms she has been attacked by a vampire by placing a cross on her hand, which burns a mark into it.Van Helsing devises a plan to reveal the vampire's secret identity. Both Dracula and Renfield are invited to a ball, where Van Helsing has placed a huge mirror, covered with a curtain, on one of the walls. While Dracula and Mina perform a dance routine, the curtain over the mirror is dropped, revealing that Dracula has no reflection. Dracula grabs Mina and escapes out of a window.Van Helsing deduces that Renfield is Dracula's slave, and thus might know where he has taken his coffin after a search of Carfax turns up empty. Dracula locks himself in an abandoned church to finish making Mina his bride. His pursuers break down the door, and fighting ensues. Van Helsing, noticing sunlight creeping into the room, opens the blinds. As his body begins to burn, Dracula then attempts to flee, but is inadvertently killed by Renfield.With Dracula dead, Renfield falls into despair with no master to serve and scrapes Dracula's ashes into the coffin. Seward tells him "you are free, now" and Renfield seems relieved. Dr. Seward calls for Renfield to follow him out of the church, and he follows, responding "yes, master". Van Helsing opens Dracula's coffin and yells in Moldavian to ensure that he has the final word between himself and the count. After the end credits roll, Dracula responds in Moldavian, giving him the true final word.
1053	Now and Then (1995)	Drama	In 1995, four women who were once childhood friends reunite in their hometown of Shelby, Indiana. They include science-fiction author Samantha Albertson, Hollywood actress Tina "Teeny" Tercell, gynecologist Dr. Roberta Martin, and homemaker Chrissy DeWitt, who is pregnant with her first child.In a flashback to a memorable summer they shared in 1970, twelve-year-old Samantha seeks to raise money to purchase a tree house to place in Chrissy's backyard in their affluent suburban neighborhood, the Gaslight Addition. Each of the four girls is experiencing her own individual struggles: Samantha's parents are in the midst of a divorce, Teeny is in pursuit of stardom and is boy-crazy, tomboy Roberta is embarrassed by her developing breasts, and Chrissy is naive about sex and life in general due to her mother's overprotectiveness.Motivated by Samantha's interest in the occult, the girls regularly sneak out at night to hold séances in the cemetery. During one, a cracked tombstone convinces them they have resurrected the spirit of a young boy identified only as Dear Johnny, who died in 1945. This sets the girls on a quest to discover what happened to him.At a library in a nearby town, Roberta discovers an article about her mother's fatal car accident: she was hit head on, trapped in her car for an hour, and later died of massive head trauma and internal bleeding—details previously unknown to her. Samantha finds an obituary that briefly mentions Johnny and his mother tragically dying, but many of the pages are missing, leaving the cause of their deaths a mystery.The girls also have a long-standing rivalry with the Wormer brothers, a group of neighborhood boys. Roberta later has her first kiss with Scott Wormer and swears him to secrecy.Distraught after meeting her mother's new boyfriend over dinner, Samantha storms out of her home. She then meets with Teeny, confiding in her about her parents' divorce. Teeny comforts her and breaks her favorite necklace in two, giving one half to Samantha as a friendship bracelet. A thunderstorm breaks out as the girls head home, and Samantha accidentally drops her bracelet in a storm drain. She nearly drowns trying to retrieve it, but is rescued by Crazy Pete, a local old man who only comes out at night to ride his bicycle. This causes the girls to change their impression of Crazy Pete, who admits he only goes out at night because he prefers not to be around people.When Samantha's grandmother refuses to tell the girls what happened to Johnny, they sneak into her attic. They discover old newspapers that reveal Jonathan Sims and his mother, Beverly Anne, were shot and killed when they interrupted a burglary; father and husband, Peter, came home to find their bodies. Roberta becomes upset and angry that two innocent people were killed and that her mother died violently, contrary to what she was told. Samantha tells them her parents are divorcing, and the girls make a pact to always be there for one another.They go to the cemetery to perform one last séance to put Dear Johnny's soul to rest. His tombstone suddenly rises, surrounded by a bright light. However, a groundskeeper emerges from behind, chastising the girls for "playing" in the cemetery and explaining the damaged tombstone is being replaced because he was the one who cracked it. Chrissy refuses to participate in future séances, deeming them a waste of time. The entire ordeal prompts Samantha to realize her childhood is coming to an end.While leaving, Samantha notices Crazy Pete going to the tombstone. Realizing he is Peter, she comforts him, while he advises her not to dwell on things. Some time later, the tree house is finally bought, and Samantha narrates, "The tree house was supposed to bring us more independence. But what the summer actually brought was independence from each other."In 1995, Chrissy goes into labor and gives birth to a baby girl delivered by Roberta. Later, in their old tree house, Roberta reveals that Crazy Pete died the previous year and Samantha confesses Pete was Dear Johnny's father. The friends reaffirm their pact and vow to remain close.
1054	Mr. Wrong (1996)	Comedy	The film begins with Martha Alston in a wedding gown incarcerated in a Mexican prison. The investigators call her Mrs. Crawford and listen to her explain why she committed murder on her wedding day.Some months earlier, Martha attends her younger sister's wedding. Afterwards, Martha is pestered by her overbearing parents about when she will get married herself being 31 years old with her biological clock ticking. Martha works as an associate producer for a local TV talk show in San Diego. She rejects an offer of going out on a date with a younger co-worker, named Walter. Disappointed by her dull Valentine's Day blind date, she goes home to sulk in front of the TV, where, inundated by romantic imagery, she is prompted to get out of the house.Martha goes to a bar where she drops her quarter in front of the jukebox. She bends down to get it when a man shows up and selects the same song she would have chosen. He is Whitman Crawford, and they instantly hit it off. They go back to his house and have sex. He says he's a poet and an investor, and has money. He reads her one of his poems.Whitman appears charming and charismatic in which he and Martha begin dating. Martha introduces Whitman to her family and he impresses all of them. But by the time she meets his strange and eccentric mother, Martha has become convinced he is not "Mr. Right" at all. After Martha tells Whitman that it is OK to "be himself" around her, he suddenly breaks character and shoplifts a six-pack of beer from a local store and enjoys crushing the empty beer cans on his forehead. It is here that Whitman is revealed to be a crafty, devious, narcissistic sociopath who hides behind a charming nice-guy persona that fools literally everyone he comes into contact with. To make matters worse, Whitman's ex-girlfriend, Inga (who is nearly as crazy and deranged as Whitman), and her accomplice, Bob, begin harassing Martha who decides to break up with Whitman. Inga refuses to believe that Martha has dumped Whitman. Whitman also refuses to believe he has been dumped and he begins stalking Martha and trying to woo her back in increasingly ridiculous ways. Martha soon becomes frustrated and desperate after the manipulative Whitman tells her whole smitten and oblivious family that they are engaged to be married. He even buys off the private investigator whom Martha hires to run a background check on him. All of Martha's attempts to expose Whitman as the dangerous sociopath that he is to her friends and family is met with skepticism or disbelief from everyone due to Whitman's skill at lying and manipulation. Whitman goes as far as to make Martha lose her job, and then hits her with his pickup truck, drugs her and abducts her, taking her to Mexico to marry her there by hiring two young Mexican children to hold her captive as they travel on the road to their destination.Once in Mexico, Martha attempts to escape and manages to place a phone call to San Diego to her former office to the only person that has not fallen under Whitman's influence: her co-worker Walter whom she manages to hurriedly explain that Whitman has abducted her and to travel to Mexico and rescue her. Whitman then catches up to her and disconnects the call. Inga and Bob appear and attempt to kill Martha, but Whitman comes to Martha's rescue and manages to drive them away at gunpoint.At the church where Whitman is forcing Martha to get married in front of her deluded family, Walter shows up at the last minute to rescue Martha from the wedding, but trips. His gun falls into her hands and she shoots Whitman who attempts to lunge at her. Then she's arrested, which leads to Martha telling the local authorities her entire story. However, even the Mexican investigators are unsympathetic and conclude that she murdered Whitman intentionally. As they are transporting her away, Walter springs her out of jail with Bob's help and explains that it was Inga who did it; she attempted to shoot Martha from the church balcony, but when Martha tripped, Inga hit Whitman by accident. Walter claims that Whitman is still alive at a local hospital and he will recover from his wound.After meeting up with Bob in the desert, Martha and Walter ride a horse west towards the sunset, while Bob leaves to return to Inga. Title cards over the closing scene explain that Martha and Walter eventually turned north and returned to the USA where they became romantically involved and currently live under assumed names, Inga and Bob got married and opened a pet store in Albuquerque, and Whitman continues his search for love.
1055	Simple Twist of Fate, A (1994)	Drama	When high school music teacher Michael McCann discovers his wife is pregnant by his best friend, he divorces her and retreats into a life of solitude as a maker of finely crafted furniture in rural Virginia. Five years later, his only companion is a valuable collection of gold coins. Tanny Newland, the unsavory younger brother of politician John Newland, crashes his brother's car in the woods surrounding Michael's house, seriously injuring the woman he is with. Afraid of being arrested for drunk driving, Tanny steals Michael's coins while he is sleeping, takes off into the night and is never seen again.Weeks later during a winter storm, Michael is startled to discover a toddler has wandered into his home while he was outside gathering wood. A short distance away he discovers the body of her mother, a heroin addict whose car had run out of gas nearby. Unbeknown to him, the child is the out-of-wedlock daughter of John Newland, who participates in the investigation but keeps his relationship to the child a secret in order to protect his career.Michael is permitted to adopt the child and christens her Mathilda. She proves to be somewhat difficult in her early years, but with the help of friend and local shopkeeper April Simon, Michael manages to raise her to be a bright, personable, precocious young woman, and the once sour, lonely man is transformed by her presence. As John watches his daughter grow older, he begins to invite her to join him and wife Nancy in their home. John arranges for her to learn to ride a horse, eventually giving her one of her own.Due to Nancy's two miscarriages and the couple's deep desire to have a child, Nancy insists on adoption. John finally reveals Mathilda's true identity and his desire to adopt her properly. Nancy encourages him to gain custody of the girl, and a trial ensues.Although John's lawyer tries to manipulate the court and Mathilda herself to see that the Newlands are the better parents, Mathilda herself still refuses and prefers Michael. The judge is inclined to side with the Newlands, given their wealth and ability to provide Mathilda with advantages she never would have with Michael. Then the remains of Tanny Newland – surrounded by the gold coins he stole from Michael – are found at the bottom of the quarry his brother was draining to create a lake surrounded by real estate he planned to sell.Michael's sudden return to wealth – and the judge's realization that Tanny was most likely killed by his – convinces him that Mathilda should remain with Michael. The film ends with Michael taking Mathilda to visit her late mother's grave, in a remote potter's cemetery.
1056	Cronos (1992)	Horror	In the year 1536, an alchemist in Veracruz develops a mechanism that can give eternal life. In 1937, an old building collapses and the alchemist, who has marble-white skin, is killed when his heart is pierced by the debris. Investigators go to search the home of the alchemist, but they never reveal what else was discovered in the home: basins filled with blood from a corpse.In 1996, an elderly antique dealer, Jesús Gris, notices that the base of an archangel statue is hollow. He opens it and finds the 460-year-old mechanism. After he winds the ornate, scarab-shaped device, it unfurls spider-like legs which grip him tightly and inserts a needle into his skin. An insect — entombed within the device and meshed with the internal clockwork — filters the blood. Gris eventually discovers his health and vigor are returning, as is his youth. His skin loses its wrinkles, his hair thickens and his sexual appetite increases. He also develops a thirst for blood. This initially disgusts him, but he eventually succumbs to the temptation. He uses the device later that night but says his nightly prayer as he does. His granddaughter Aurora notices this and begins to worry about Gris.Meanwhile, a rich, dying businessman, Dieter de la Guardia, who has been amassing information about the mechanism for many years, has been searching for the statue with the device. He sends his thuggish American nephew Angel, who suffers his uncle's abuse on a daily basis for an inheritance, to purchase the statue at the antique shop.During a New Year's Eve party, Gris sees a man bleeding from the nose and follows him into the men's room in order to reap his blood from the sink countertop. Another man comes out of one of the stalls, sees the blood and cleans it up. Gris notices blood on the floor and decides to lick it up, until an unknown man walks up and kicks him in the face, knocking him unconscious. He is found by Angel, who gives him some alcohol and tries to beat him into giving up the mechanism. When Gris faints, Angel places his body inside a car and pushes it off a cliff. Gris briefly awakens and prays for survival, but seemingly dies. He later revives in an undertaker's establishment and escapes before he can be cremated. He returns home, and Aurora lets him in. Dieter beats Angel for not ensuring Gris's heart was destroyed and sends him to check on the body. Gris works on a letter to his wife in which he comments on the changes to his body and tells her that after completing some 'unfinished business' he will return to her. He notices that his skin burns in the presence of sunlight and sleeps in a box to avoid it.Eventually, Gris and Aurora bring the mechanism to Dieter's headquarters, where the businessman offers him a "way out" in exchange for the device. Gris comments on his damaged skin and the businessman tells him to peel it off because he has new skin underneath, which is marble-white like the dead alchemist. Gris threatens to destroy the mechanism but is told that he will die should that happen. Gris agrees to hand it over in exchange for knowing the "way out", whereupon Dieter stabs him. Before being able to strike the killing blow to the chest, Dieter is incapacitated by Aurora and Gris feeds on Dieter. Angel finds the dying Dieter and crushes his throat with his foot, tired of his abuse and waiting for his inheritance. Angel confronts Gris on the rooftop of the building and beats him severely. Gris throws them both off the roof, killing Angel.Aurora finds Gris unconscious and uses the mechanism to wake him. Noticing that her hand is bleeding, Gris is tempted to feed off his granddaughter but he eventually controls himself. He then painfully destroys the mechanism, despite previous warnings. He returns to his home and is shown lying in bed, with Aurora and his wife in attendance, as the film ends.
1057	Pallbearer, The (1996)	Comedy	Tom Thompson still lives with his mother. A former high school classmate's mother, Ruth Abernathy, calls to say his "best friend", Bill, died by suicide, asking him to give his eulogy. Not remembering him, nevertheless he agrees to be a pallbearer. Meanwhile, his high school crush, Julie DeMarco, reappears in town.At the funeral, Tom's vague and impersonal eulogy confuses the Abernathys and amuses his friends. Julie, upset at their disrespect, tries to leave as they carry Bill's casket out of the church. Tom drags the casket and the rest of the pallbearers after Julie. Upon being asked if she knew Bill, she admits she didn't but was saddened to see him in the casket. Asking her out upsets Bill's relatives, so he's forcefully relieved of his duties as pallbearer. Visibly upset, Ruth tells Tom he is in Bill's will.Afterwards, Tom calls Julie and she requests Scott and Cynthia come along for a double date. At dinner, Julie and Scott click, while conversation between Tom and Julie is stilted. Scott mentions that Tom still lives with his mother. Disgusted by Scott, Tom reluctantly drives Julie home. Arriving, she reveals she remembers him in high school. As Tom leans in for a kiss, Julie turns and they knock heads. She apologizes for giving off the wrong signals, as she is moving away.Rejected at his second job interview, Tom goes to Ruth's to help pack Bill's room. Looking through old photos of Bill, they kiss and have sex. She tells him about Bill's father, who died in the war. Tom tells Ruth about Bill's fictitious love interest based completely on his own infatuation with Julie, and they continue to see each other.Tom spies on Julie working at a record store from his car. One day, at closing time, he sees her let Scott into the store, who then kisses her. When Scott sees Tom, he drives off. The next morning, Julie tells Tom about Scott's kiss, not knowing he had witnessed it. Reminiscing about high school band, she tells him she wants to just drive away for a year to be on her own. Julie then invites Tom to a concert. Arriving at Ruth's, Tom is rushed to an Abernathy family gathering. He realizes Ruth had overheard him talking to Julie about their date later that evening. When Tom's car breaks down, Julie finds Ruth's charm bracelet, so he tells her he has been helping Bill Abernathy's mother since the funeral. She mistakenly assumes it's a platonic friendship.After a tow truck takes Tom and Julie back to his house, as he sneaks into his mother's room to get her car keys, she enters his room. Tom reveals he once wanted to dance with her at a school dance and she kisses him. Falling into Tom's bed, Ruth calls, knowing Julie is there with him. When Tom seeks advice from Brad, he suggests mailing the bracelet with a letter to end things with Ruth. He does so and continues dating Julie. On her birthday, she asks him to meet her parents. That morning, Tom sees Ruth with the envelope and sneaks away. At brunch with Julie's parents, her father disapproves of them. As Tom begs Julie to not leave for a year, Ruth barges into the restaurant, humiliating him.At Brad's bachelor party, Tom makes a scene, telling him not to marry Lauren, calling her an albatross around his neck and that Scott agrees. The next day, Scott apologizes to Tom and they reconcile. Talking about their childhood, they realize there was another Tom who moved away after junior high. So Tom brings the other Tom to Ruth, who appreciates the gesture to reminisce about her son. They both realize they needed someone at the time, Ruth mourning her son and Tom pining for his childhood crush.At Brad's wedding, Tom patches his friendship with Brad approving of his marriage to Lauren, as Scott and Cynthia also reconcile. Tom also gives Julie his car keys for her trip. She hints that she wants to dance. Tom gets a job and moves into Julie's apartment while she is on her trip.
1058	War, The (1994)	Adventure, Drama	The Yemeni civil war (Arabic: الحرب الأهلية اليمنية), also known as the Summer War of 1994 (Arabic: حرب صيف ١٩٩٤), was a civil war fought between the two Yemeni forces of the pro-union northern and the socialist separatist southern Yemeni states and their supporters. The war resulted in the defeat of the southern separatists and the reunification of Yemen, and the flight into exile of many leaders of the Yemeni Socialist Party (YSP) and other separatists.
1059	Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood (1996)	Comedy	Ashtray, Tray for short, is sent to the inner city to live with his father. Tray gets an education about life on the streets from his psychotic, gun-toting cousin Loc Dog, pot-smoking foul-mouthed Grandma, underage father, and gang members Preach and Crazy Legs. At a picnic, Tray falls for the infamous Dashiki, who has seven kids, much to the distaste of ex-convict Toothpick, who happens to be her ex-boyfriend. When Ashtray and Loc Dog head out to buy some snacks, Toothpick and his crew, Al Dog and Sam, confront Ashtray and hold him at gunpoint until Loc Dog threatens them with a nuclear missile mounted in the back of his truck, whereupon Toothpick and his gang flee the scene.Loc Dog and Ashtray are harassed in a Korean store by the owners, and Loc Dog shoots at them when they make a remark about his mother. The two are then confronted by "The Man" (a mysterious white government figure), who kills the Koreans and tosses them his gun to frame them and leaves.Meanwhile, Ashtray and Loc Dog's Grandma rides to church and another elderly woman disses her, resulting in a breakdancing contest that Grandma wins.Ashtray visits Dashiki, and they have sex. Dashiki immediately claims he has impregnated her. Not feeling Ashtray is responsible enough to be a father, Dashiki kicks him out. Meanwhile, Toothpick and Al Dog jump a new member into their gang by doing Double Dutch jump rope. Afterward, Sam confronts Ashtray, Loc Dog, Preach, and Crazy Legs about Ashtray impregnating Dashiki. Loc Dog knocks him out as he, Ashtray and Preach punch and stomp him, flattening him (literally). The quartet decides to get protection from their friend Old School, who advises them to protect themselves and watch out for each other, until his mother walks out and tells him to clean his bedroom.Moments later, Toothpick performs a drive-by shooting in revenge for Sam's beating and Crazy Legs is injured. With Crazy Legs hospitalized, Tray decides to confront Dashiki and become a father to their newborn baby. Dashiki agrees to give Tray another chance and they decide to leave the ‘hood as planned.Ashtray then reads a bedtime story to his Pops (who is too young to go to a party) which causes him to ejaculate before going to sleep. At the party, Loc Dog meets Keisha, whom he then takes to his mail truck for drinks and sex, during which Keisha turns into a demonic monster and attacks Loc Dog, stripping him naked while he tries to run away screaming.Ashtray and Loc Dog talk about Ashtray's departure as Toothpick and his gang prepare for another drive-by shooting. As Toothpick and Loc Dog clash, Ashtray is shot. As Loc Dog and Toothpick's gang continue to exchange gunfire, Grandma pops out of the dumpster and helps Loc Dog shoot at Toothpick's car, with both of them shooting Al Dog and Sam, then flattening a tire, causing Toothpick to be flung from the car, landing on a cop car. Preach and Dashiki find Ashtray hurt, and he regains consciousness and kisses Dashiki. A woman finds Toothpick (she turns out to be his mother) and beats him with his shoe for stealing from her in the past. Afterwards, Toothpick and his gang are presumably arrested.Afterwards, everyone goes their separate ways: Ashtray and Dashiki marry and enjoy their lives, Loc Dog becomes the host of Death Comedy Jam (a parody of Def Comedy Jam) and opens and closes the show with extreme profanity, Preach and his crush settle down together, Crazy Legs becomes a dancer, and Grandma is, as Ashtray puts it, "still Grandma" (showing her smoking cannabis).
1060	Adventures of Pinocchio, The (1996)	Adventure, Children's	In a forest in the late 18th century, Italian woodcarver Geppetto carves a heart into a pine tree, expressing his secret love for a woman named Leona. Years later, Geppetto finds the remains of the tree and carves a marionette out of it, naming him Pinocchio. Due to the heart's magic, Pinocchio comes to life, and starts to wander the village.Pinocchio soon meets a pair of thieves, Volpe and Felinet, who work for Lorenzini, a sinister theater director and puppet master. Lorenzini tries to purchase Pinocchio, but Geppetto refuses to sell him. Pinocchio sneaks out the window and follows a group of local boys to the school.Once there, Pinocchio gets into a fight with the naughty Lampwick and when he lies about it, his nose grows longer and the teacher kicks him out of the class. Next, Pinocchio ends up causing damage to a local bakery, and Geppetto is arrested as a result. Pinocchio flees home, meeting a talking cricket, Pepe, who tells Pinocchio to behave and stay out of trouble to become a real boy. The next day, Pinocchio and Geppetto are put on trial at court. Lorenzini enters, offering to pay off the debt if Pinocchio is given over to him. Geppetto reluctantly agrees.Pinocchio becomes the star of Lorenzini's productions, and is given gold coins as payment. Pinocchio rescues several of Geppetto's puppets from being burnt by Lorenzini, unintentionally setting the theater on fire. Escaping to the forest, Pinocchio considers moving into the dead tree that he was carved from, until a woodpecker attacks him. He then runs to a nearby church, meeting again with Volpe and Felinet, who con him out of his pay of gold coins. After Pinocchio receives a scolding from Pepe, he spots a stage coach passing by, carrying Lampwick and other boys, travelling to Terra Magica, a hidden fun-fair for boys to do as they please. Drinking the water of Terra Magica turns them into donkeys. The fun-fair turns out to belong to Lorenzini, who sells the donkeys off to circuses and farms. Pinocchio, who has only swallowed enough water to grow donkey ears, has Lampwick kick Lorenzini into the cursed water, transforming him into a sea monster and forcing him to flee into the ocean. The boys and donkeys escape the fun-fair, and Pinocchio reunites with Leona at the beach before setting out to find his father at sea.After trying and failing to find Geppetto out at sea, Pinocchio and Pepe are consumed by the sea monster. Both are reunited with Geppetto inside his stomach, which both Pepe and Gepetto describe as smelling like "rotten chili peppers". As they attempt to escape the sea monster, they find that his throat is too small to enter through. Pinocchio lies to extend his nose and make the passage in the monster's throat larger, causing his nose to break. The monster starts to choke, spitting Geppetto and Pinocchio out, before suffocating and sinking to the depths. On land, Pinocchio apologizes to Geppetto for not being a real boy, but Geppetto tells him that he is real to him. As Pinocchio begins to cry, the tears land on the heart carving and the same magic that brought him to life transforms him into a real boy. Pinocchio tricks Volpe and Felinet, into drinking the cursed water and turns them into a real fox and real cat. Back at home, Geppetto and Leona are now married while Pinocchio goes off to play with Lampwick, who among many others has turned back into a boy after performing many good deeds.
1061	Evening Star, The (1996)	Comedy, Drama	Years have passed since the death of her daughter, Emma. Aurora Greenway is still her usual strong, willful self, but all is not well with the three grandchildren she raised after Emma's death, particularly elder boy Tommy, who is serving time in jail on a drug charge.Younger grandson Teddy now has a girlfriend and a son, neither of whom Aurora warms to. Melanie (who is both the youngest and the only girl out of the three grandkids), is still living with Aurora but giving serious thought to moving out. Aurora's only true companion is housekeeper Rosie, particularly now that a man she's been spending time with, the General, is a friend, not a romance.Her late daughter's old friend, Patsy, still has a home in Houston and thinks of herself as Aurora's friend now, dispensing advice to Melanie, something that Aurora does not appreciate. Though she caught her boyfriend cheating on her and subsequently tries to overdose on Patsy's muscle relaxants, Melanie eventually moves out to Los Angeles with the same boyfriend after he pleads with her for a fresh start.Meanwhile, Rosie is being courted by an elderly gentleman named Arthur, who has bought astronaut Garrett Breedlove's former house next door. On seeing how lonely Aurora obviously is, Rosie tricks her into seeing a licensed counselor, Jerry, to whom Aurora admits that she is still seeking "the love of my life." She starts to chronicle her life in scrapbooks, which helps her loneliness.Jerry and Aurora begin a romantic relationship; however, Jerry also has a fling with Patsy, which Aurora discovers. Aurora ends the relationship after learning it centers around Jerry's long-unresolved Oedipus complex issues.After many visits to Tommy in prison, Aurora is finally able to reach him through scrapbook pages of him with his mother Emma when he was a child. This  helps to heal his anger and mend the broken relationship with his grandmother.Needing a new cause, Aurora takes charge after Melanie decides to stay in Los Angeles to try to become an actress, her boyfriend having left her for another woman. Aurora is peeved to discover that Patsy has the same idea. Melanie succeeds in landing a role on a television show, which Aurora and Patsy celebrate, but they end up having a fight on the flight home.When Aurora comes home, however, she learns that Rosie is critically ill. She is left once more facing the prospect of being alone. Against Arthur's wishes, Aurora carries Rosie 'home' to the Greenway house, and tends to her lovingly until Rosie eventually succumbs to her illness. Arthur brings Rosie's ashes to Aurora, asking her to do what she feels would be best for Rosie's memory.A few days later, Aurora is writing in her diary in her backyard gazebo alongside Rosie's urn when Garrett surprises her. This visit cheers her up immensely and seems to rejuvenate her spirits; she confides that she's still searching for her one true love, and Garrett advises her to find that true love soon because "there aren't that many shopping days left till Christmas."Tommy is released from prison and he and Aurora embrace at the prison exit where she has arrived to take him home. He lands a promising job after taking computer classes in prison, and eventually he and his new girlfriend start a family and get married. Their child, Henry, is completely doted upon by Aurora, who starts teaching him music lessons.Scrapbooks continue to be filled year by year, until one day Aurora suffers a stroke while teaching Henry the piano; this slows Aurora but also brings the family closer together, with Patsy spending all her days tending to Aurora's needs and the rest of the family close by. She and Patsy make peace with each other at last, apologizing for so many years of battling when both loved the same family so fiercely. At Christmastime, Aurora is bedridden but surrounded by all her grandchildren and friends as she passes quietly, calling out softly to Emma. The ending scene features young Henry playing the familiar theme from Terms of Endearment on the piano as Tommy sits beside him.
1062	Four Days in September (1997)	Drama	The film is a fictionalized version of the dramatic events of the abduction of the American ambassador Charles Burke Elbrick (played by Alan Arkin). Elbrick was kidnapped in Rio de Janeiro by the Revolutionary Movement 8th October (MR-8) with the help of the Ação Libertadora Nacional.  Gabeira (played by Pedro Cardoso and named Paulo in the film) as a student joins the radical movement after Brazil's military overthrew its government in a 1964 coup. In 1969, he and his comrades decide to kidnap the American ambassador to protest the Brazilians' coup; the film busies itself with the group's conspiring and execution of the crime. Paulo is portrayed as "the most intelligent and uncertain of the kidnappers."The film explores Paulo's love affair with Andréia, the guerrilla leader. It suggests a kind of friendship developing between Paulo and Elbrick. The ambassador is portrayed as a decent man who shares some of his kidnappers' frustrations regarding the Brazilian military dictatorship, and one who fulfills his duty to his own government.
1063	Little Princess, A (1995)	Children's, Drama	In 1914, a kind-hearted young girl named Sara Crewe lives in India with her widowed father Richard, a wealthy British Army Officer who shares her love for stories of myths and magic. Called in to serve in the Great War, Richard enrolls her at the all-girls boarding school in New York City which her late mother had attended. It is run by a haughty and spiteful headmistress, Maria Minchin, and her kindly sister Amelia.Instructing Maria to spare no expense for his daughter's comfort, Richard furnishes the school's largest suite and leaves Sara with a locket once owned by her mother and a doll named Emily. These he tells her will keep them connected through magic. Although stifled by Maria's strictness, Sara becomes popular among the girls, including an African-American scullery maid, Becky, for her kindness and powerful imagination. In her spare time, she writes to her father. He gets caught in a gas attack while trying to save a fellow soldier in the trenches.Hoping to extort more money from Richard, Maria throws Sara a lavish birthday party, but Richard's solicitor arrives with news that he has been killed in battle; the British government has seized his assets, leaving Sara penniless. Maria moves Sara to the school's attic with Becky to work as a servant and confiscates her belongings, including the locket, allowing her to keep only Emily and a book.Though her life is bleak, Sara remains kind to others, but gets her revenge on Lavinia, the school bully. Charles Randolph, the elderly neighbor who lives near the school, receives word that his son John has been declared missing in action while fighting in Europe. Ram Dass, Charles' Indian associate, comes to notice Sara from the neighboring attic, overhearing her imaginative stories. When a wounded soldier suffering from amnesia is misidentified as John, Ram Dass encourages Charles to take the man in.Meanwhile, Sara's friends sneak into Maria's office and recover her locket, visiting Sara that night to hear her tales of Prince Rama. After catching Sara with the other girls, Maria punishes her and has Becky locked up in the attic for an entire day. However, Sara stands up to Maria's cruelty with her father's belief that "all girls are princesses" regardless of their lot in life. She later comforts Becky by imagining a feast and fine clothes for them. The next day, they awaken to find that the dream has come true, with their attic secretly transformed by Ram Dass.With Sara's encouragement, Amelia runs away with the milkman, with whom she is in love. Later, Maria discovers that the locket is missing. Confronting Sara in the attic, she accuses her of "stealing" the finery left by Ram Dass and viciously locks Sara in her room while she summons the police. With Becky's help, Sara narrowly escapes by making a perilous climb over to the Randolph house. As Maria and the police search for her, Sara discovers that her father Richard is the recovering soldier, but suffering from amnesia, he does not recognize her. Although Maria clearly recognizes Richard, she instead lies by callously saying that Sara has "no father". As Sara is dragged away by the police, Ram Dass helps Richard regain his memory. Outside Richard saves her, and the two are happily reunited while Maria, defeated, angrily walks away.Sometime later, Charles has taken over the school, now a much happier place for the girls, and has found peace in knowing that Richard tried to save his son. Richard's fortune has been restored, and he has adopted Becky. As punishment for her vile treatment of Sara and the other girls, Maria is reduced to working for a young chimney sweep she mistreated earlier. Sara gives Emily to the girls and shares an unexpected hug with Lavinia, before she and Becky depart for home.
1064	Crossfire (1947)	Crime, Film-Noir	In the opening scene, a man is half-seen beating a Jewish man named Joseph Samuels to death in a hotel room. After the police are called in to investigate his murder, Captain Finlay suspects that the murderer may be among a group of demobilized soldiers who had been with Samuels and his female companion Miss Lewis at a hotel bar the night of his death.Ex-cop "Monty" Montgomery tells Finlay that he and his friend Floyd Bowers met Samuels at the hotel bar and went up to his apartment to find Samuels talking to Cpl. "Mitch" Mitchell. Soon upon their arrival, a heavily drunk Mitch left Samuels' apartment alone, then Monty and Floyd left a minute or so later. Monty claims that it was the last time they saw Samuels alive.Sergeant Keeley, concerned that Mitch may be the prime suspect, investigates the murder himself, hoping to clear his friend's name. After helping Mitch escape from police capture, Keeley meets him in a movie theater, where Mitch recalls Monty arguing with Samuels inside his apartment. After Mitch left, he spent part of the night with Ginny Tremaine, a working girl he met in a dance hall. When Mitch woke up the next morning in Ginny's apartment, she was not there. After hearing a knock at the door, Mitch met an odd man, who offered to make him coffee, and claimed he was waiting for Ginny too. While the man looked for some cigarettes, Mitch hastily left the apartment.Meanwhile, Monty and Floyd meet in an apartment. Monty tells Floyd to stay out of sight and to keep their stories straight, that they had no argument with Samuels and left his apartment shortly after Mitch. Keeley knocks on their door and asks Floyd about the killing while Monty hides. After Keeley leaves, Monty – the actual killer – kills Floyd for refusing to stay out of sight, and then stages a hanging suicide.Escorted by Captain Finlay, Mitch's wife Mary visits Ginny at her apartment, hoping that Ginny will confess to spending the night with Mitch and prove he is innocent. Mary asks Finlay to wait outside, as a cop might make Ginny clam up. Ginny claims to have no knowledge of meeting Mitch, at which point Finlay enters the apartment to question her. Ginny recants and admits to knowing Mitch, but states that she never met him at her apartment. At this point, the odd man appears from a back room and tells Finlay that he remembers Mitch, thereby providing a partial alibi, but not for the estimated time of the murder.Back at the police station, Finlay questions Monty a second time, hoping to uncover the motive for Samuels' murder, but sends him on his way. With Keeley in his office, Finlay suspects that antisemitism was the likely motive for Samuels' murder, because no person involved knew Samuels personally. Both suspect that Monty was responsible for killing both Samuels and Floyd since he is clearly antisemitic.Finlay delivers a personal antiracist message to Keeley and a naive soldier named Leroy, who was in Monty's unit, by recalling the death of his Irish grandfather during earlier historical bigotry. Winning over Leroy, Finlay sets a trap to catch Monty. Leroy tells a surprised Monty that Floyd wants to meet him and shows him an address he wrote down where he can find Floyd. Monty shows up at the apartment where he killed Floyd, presumably to check if he is still alive, and encounters Finlay and another cop. Finlay tells Monty he gave himself away as the address on the piece of paper was actually to a different building, nevertheless he came to the right apartment, proving he had been there before when he killed Floyd. Monty tries to escape but is shot dead by Finlay.After Monty is killed, Finlay and Keeley say their goodbyes. As Finlay drives away, Keeley offers to buy Leroy a cup of coffee.
1065	Koyaanisqatsi (1983)	Documentary, War	Koyaanisqatsi runs for 86 minutes and comprises a montage of visuals accompanied by minimal music, without narration, dialogue, or intertitles. The film is structured into 13 passages, which are demarcated by dramatic musical shifts in the score. It opens with pictographs from the Great Gallery of Horseshoe Canyon, followed by a close-up of a rocket launch, while a deep bass voice chants the film's title. The images dissolve into a sequence featuring landscapes of geological formations and dunes in the deserts of the American Southwest. Time-lapse imagery shows shadows quickly moving across landscapes, and bats flying out of a cave. Clouds move in time-lapse footage, which is followed by a waterfall, then ocean waves in slow-motion. This segues into footage of resources: reservoirs, cultivated flowers, surface mining, electrical power infrastructure, evaporation ponds, oil drilling, blast furnaces, and concludes with a nuclear weapons test forming a mushroom cloud over the desert. The following sequence begins with people sun bathing on a beach next to a power plant, followed by people touring a power plant. The next images show clouds reflected on the façade of a glass skyscraper, Boeing 747 aircraft taxiing at an airport, cars driving on urban freeways, military vehicles and aircraft, and air-to-ground weaponry being deployed. The film continues with modern skyscrapers in New York City, followed by areas of urban decay. Dilapidated buildings and other abandoned infrastructure undergo demolition and form large dust clouds. The sequence concludes with a coda featuring time-lapse footage of clouds and sunlight reflected in façades of glass skyscrapers in time-lapse, followed by people walking through busy city streets in slow-motion. The next sequence begins with an introduction that shows time-lapse footage of sunsets reflected in the façades of skyscrapers, wide shots of cities at night with vehicle lights moving fast along streets and freeways, and the moon disappearing behind a building. The rhythm of the music increases while time-lapse footage in cities show vehicles driving, crowds of people walking, shopping centers, factories, food processing plants, and channel surfing. As the sequence comes to a close, the music and visuals are at their fastest, until the sequence ends and the music goes silent. Close-up shots of microchips are interspersed with satellite photography of city grids. The final sequence features various individuals of all social classes, some of whom look directly into the camera, accompanied by Hopi prophecies sung in the soundtrack. As the film's title is chanted in a deep voice, a rocket is launched and explodes shortly after take-off; the camera follows its debris as it falls back towards Earth. The film concludes with another image of the pictograph seen in the opening shot. The end title card lists translations of the Hopi word koyaanisqatsi: The following screen shows a translation of the three Hopi prophecies sung near the end of the film: Over the end credits, the sound of human voices overlapping on television broadcasts can be heard.
1066	Balto (1995)	Animation, Children's	In New York City, an old woman and her granddaughter are walking through Central Park, looking for a memorial statue. As they seat themselves for a rest, the grandmother recounts a story about Nome, Alaska.In 1925, a wolfdog named Balto lives on the outskirts of Nome with his adoptive father, a Russian snow goose named Boris, and two polar bears, Muk and Luk. Balto is ridiculed by dogs and humans alike for his half-breed heritage. His only friends in town are a young girl named Rosy and her red husky Jenna whom Balto has a crush on. He is challenged by the town's favorite sled dog Steele, a fierce and arrogant Alaskan Malamute, and his teammates, Nikki, Kaltag, and Star.One night, Rosy and all the children in Nome are stricken with diphtheria. Severe winter weather conditions prevent medicine from being brought by air or sea from Anchorage, and the closest rail line ends in Nenana. After authorization to transport the antitoxin by rail is given by the Governor of Alaska in Juneau, a dog race is held to determine the best-fit dogs for a sled dog team to get the medicine. Balto enters and wins, but is disqualified after Steele exposes his wolf-dog heritage. The team departs that night with Steele in the lead and successfully picks up the medicine. On return, deteriorating conditions leave the disoriented team stranded at the base of a steep slope with the musher knocked unconscious.When the news reaches Nome, Balto sets out in search of them, with Boris, Muk, and Luk as his escorts. On the way, a huge grizzly bear attacks them, but Jenna, who followed their tracks, intervenes. The bear pursues Balto out onto a frozen lake, where it falls through the ice and drowns. Muk and Luk save Balto from a similar fate but Jenna is injured and cannot continue. Balto instructs Boris and the polar bears to take her back home while he continues alone. Balto eventually finds the team, but Steele refuses his help and attacks him until he loses his balance and falls off a cliff. Balto takes charge of the team, but they lose their way again since Steele had sabotaged the trail by creating false markers. Balto falls while attempting to save the medicine from falling down a cliff.Back in Nome, Jenna explains Balto's mission to the other dogs as Steele returns, lying that the team, including Balto, is dead. Jenna sees through his deception and she assures Balto will return with the medicine. Using a trick Balto showed her earlier, Jenna places broken colored glass bottles on the outskirts of town and shines a lantern on them to simulate the lights of an aurora, hoping it will help guide Balto home. When Balto regains consciousness, he is ready to lose hope, until a large white wolf appears. Noticing the intact medicine crate nearby, he realizes that his part-wolf heritage is a strength and not a weakness, and drags the medicine back up the cliff to the waiting team. Balto's advanced senses filter out the false markers Steele had created.After encountering further challenges through an ice bridge, an avalanche, and an ice cave, and losing only one vial, Balto and the sled team finally return to Nome. A pitiful Steele is abandoned by the other dogs who realize the truth about him. Reunited with Jenna and his friends, Balto earns respect from both the dogs and the humans. He visits a cured Rosy, who thanks him for saving her and finally accepts his wolf heritage.Back in 1995, the old woman and her granddaughter finally find the statue of Balto and she explains that the Iditarod trail covers the same path that Balto and his team took from Nenana to Nome. The woman, who is actually Rosy, repeats the same line "Thank you, Balto. I would have been lost without you". She walks off to join her granddaughter and her Siberian Husky Blaze. The Balto statue stands proudly in the sunlight.
1067	Bottle Rocket (1996)	Comedy	In Arizona, Dignan "rescues" his friend Anthony from a voluntary psychiatric unit, where he has been staying for self-described exhaustion. Dignan has developed a 75-year plan that he shows to Anthony. The plan is to pull off several heists, and then meet up with a Mr. Henry, a landscaper and part-time criminal known to Dignan.As a practice heist, the two friends break into Anthony's family's house, stealing specific items from a previously agreed upon list. Critiquing the heist, Dignan reveals that he took a pair of earrings not specified on the list. This upsets Anthony, as he purchased the earrings for his mother as a gift and specifically left them off the list. Anthony visits his little sister at her school and asks her to return the earrings.Dignan recruits Bob Mapplethorpe as a getaway driver because he is the only person they know with a car. The three of them buy a gun and return to Bob's house to plan their next heist, which will be at a local bookstore. The group bickers as Dignan struggles to describe his intricate plan.The group steals a small sum of money from the bookstore and goes "on the lam," stopping to stay at a motel. Anthony meets Inez, one of the motel maids, and the two spark a romance despite a language barrier.Bob learns that his marijuana crop at home has been discovered by police, and his older brother has been arrested. He leaves to help his brother without telling Dignan. Before leaving the motel themselves, Anthony gives Dignan an envelope to give to Inez. Dignan delivers it to her while she is cleaning a room, not knowing that the envelope has most of his and Anthony's money inside. Inez does not open the envelope.As Dignan is leaving, Inez asks a male friend of hers to tell him that she loves Anthony. When he delivers the message he says, "Tell Anthony I love him." Dignan fails to realize he is speaking for Inez and does not deliver the message.Dignan discovers an Alfa Romeo Spider, and he and Anthony continue with the plan. The car breaks down and Anthony reveals that the envelope Dignan gave to Inez contained their cash. They have a confrontation and part ways.Sometime later, Dignan, who has joined Mr. Henry's gang, tracks Anthony down and they reconcile. Dignan invites him to a heist with Mr. Henry which he accepts on the condition that Bob is allowed in as well.The four of them plan to rob a safe at a cold storage facility. Mr. Henry becomes a role model for the others, standing up to Bob's abusive brother and tutoring Dignan on success. He invites the trio to a party, and visits them at the Mapplethorpes' house. Anthony learns of Inez's love for him and calls her. Her English has improved and they rekindle their relationship.The group conducts their heist at the cold storage facility with Applejack and Kumar, accomplices from Mr. Henry's landscaping company. The plan falls apart, with Kumar unable to crack the safe, and Bob accidentally firing his gun, which in turn triggers a cardiac event in Applejack.As the police arrive, Dignan locks himself out of the escape van and is arrested and brutalized by police. While the crew are doing their heist, Mr. Henry loads furniture from Bob's home into a truck. Anthony and Bob later visit Dignan in prison and tell him about Mr. Henry robbing Bob.While Bob and Anthony say goodbye, Dignan begins rattling off an escape plan and tells his friends to get into position for a getaway. After a tense moment, the two realize Dignan is joking. Dignan says to Anthony, "Isn't it funny that you used to be in the nuthouse and now I'm in jail?" as he walks back into the prison.
1068	Star Maker, The (Uomo delle stelle, L') (1995)	Drama	''
1069	Amateur (1994)	Crime, Drama, Thriller	Still a virgin after 15 years in a convent, the demure Isabelle earns her living in New York City by writing pornography, which she researches by buying magazines and hiring videos. In a café, she befriends Thomas, who has amnesia after falling from a window. In another café, an accountant called Edward is befriended by Sofia, who pushed Thomas out of the window because, she says, he introduced her to drugs at the age of 12 and made her into a celebrated porn actress. She now wants revenge on Jacques, a crooked businessman for whom both Thomas and Edward worked. Learning from Edward that Thomas has data on disk that could destroy Jacques, she steals Jacques' phone number from Edward's address book while he is in the restroom. Upon returning, Edward gives her the address of a house upstate where she can hide. After contacting Jacques to blackmail him, she meets Edward at Grand Central Terminal, where he mentions that Sofia should not talk about the disks with anyone, since Jacques kills anyone who knows about them. Having agreed to meet one of Jacques' men at Grand Central to give him the address to her apartment where the disks are, Sofia urges Edward to come with her to the house upstate, afraid both Edward and she will end up being killed. She then leaves the station, only to see Jacques' hit men shoving Edward into a car. They take him to an abandoned building to torture him and leave him for dead.Meanwhile, in a hired video, Thomas sees Sofia and his memory starts returning. With Isabelle, he retraces his steps and finds the flat where Sofia and he lived. Isabelle dresses in one of Sofia's costumes and is on the point of losing her virginity to him when someone enters and the two hastily hide. They are Jacques' hit men, looking for Sofia, who arrives shortly thereafter, only to be tied up by the hit men who begin to torture her. Bursting out, Thomas and Isabelle throw one hit man out of the window and, freeing Sofia, make off with her in the other hit man's car. Sofia suggests they head for the empty country cottage Edward had told her about. On the way, Isabelle posts the disks to her publisher, asking him to expose the evil of Jacques after having viewed the files while at the apartment.When the surviving hit man traces them to the cottage, he wounds Sofia before being shot dead by Edward, who had arrived in a stolen car. The four make off before the police arrive, and Isabelle directs them to her former convent, where they are given sanctuary and the dying Sofia is tended, but the convent is surrounded by armed police, who want Edward for murder. Thomas, his conscience awakened by the kindness and care Isabelle has shown, by the realization of his criminal past, and by guilt over the fate of Sofia, walks out of the front gate and is killed instantly by a police marksman.
1070	Living in Oblivion (1995)	Comedy	In New York City, a low-budget independent film's catering crew is underfunded and apathetic, deciding not to replace a carton of milk on the craft service table for a week. The scene being shot is about a young woman, Ellen, reproaching her mother for not intervening when the father beat Ellen as a child. Shots are spoiled because of how the microphone is visible; the camera assistant fails to keep the shot in focus, a light gets blown which then causes Cora, the actress playing the mother, to forget her lines and Nicole, the actress playing Ellen, to become unfocused and careless. Film director Nick Reve calls for a rehearsal without a camera to refresh the actors.When Nicole berates herself for subpar acting, Cora reassures her with a gesture that reminds Nicole of a similar gesture made by her own terminally ill mother. Upset by the memory, Nicole turns in a passionate performance; Cora, startled by this, is equally good. However, the scene is not captured on film; cinematographer and camera operator Wolf, who has been diluting the substandard coffee with spoiled milk, was vomiting in the toilet throughout. Nick calls for another take. This time, an insistent beeping sound distracts the actors. Nobody can tell where it is coming from and Nick becomes furious, berating everyone on the crew and cast for their inadequacies. Nick wakes up in his own bed; the beeping sound is his own alarm clock. He has dreamed the entire situation. It is 4:30 a.m. and he is due on set.Early the same morning, the film's lead actor Chad Palomino gets dressed in Nicole's hotel room. They have had sex, and Chad suggests that they might get together again later. Nicole politely declines. Chad and Nicole arrive on the set separately. Nicole's character Ellen and Chad's character Damian have been in love for years but have never admitted it, until the scene being shot on that day. Shooting the scene is made practically impossible by Chad's irregular acting. He keeps changing his mind about where to stand and continually moves to places where he is either invisible or badly lit by scenic light. Nicole gets frustrated, and when Chad starts to stroke her head, she briefly loses her cool and apologizes. Irritated, Chad demands a private talk with Nick. He tells him that he has had sex with Nicole and makes out that it was she, not he, who had wanted to continue the relationship. To keep Chad happy, Nick agrees that Nicole is terrible. Nicole overhears this conversation on the sound mixer's headphones. Pretending to be contrite, she asks Nick if they can improvise a little, but when they do so, she announces to everyone that, although she had sex with Chad, she is not at all interested in him. Chad stubbornly quits the film. Relieved that he will no longer have to please Chad, Nick calls him a "Hostess Twinkie motherfucker" and a fight breaks out. Nick beats Chad senselessly and fires him. He apologizes to Nicole and confesses that he loves her. They kiss, and Nicole abruptly wakes up, still in her bed, having dreamed the entire segment.Later the same day, the crew is setting up for a dream sequence in which Nicole, as Ellen, stands still, while dwarf actor Tito walks around her with an apple. Nick claims to have learned a lesson from his own dream: That sometimes, "you just got to roll with things." Nicole admits that she dreamed of Nick but does not mention what happened. The smoke machine is set ablaze, and Nick's senile mother Cora arrives on the set, but he keeps up his positive attitude. Tito complains that his appearance in a dream sequence is cliché and leaves the set in disgust. Nick's confidence collapses, and he announces that the film is over. His mother then intervenes, grabbing the apple, moving to Tito's mark, and announcing that she is "ready". The crew scrambles to shoot the scene, and her manic performance injects fresh energy and conviction into it. Delighted, Nick decides to keep the new dream sequence, and the sound mixer then records 30 seconds of room tone. The entire cast and crew remains silent, and during this moment they each daydream about different things. They go on to shoot the next sequence.
1071	Party Girl (1995)	Comedy	Mary is a free-spirited young woman living in New York City who fills her days by going to nightclubs and house parties. When she is arrested for organizing an underground rave, she gets her godmother Judy to pay her bail. To repay the bail, Mary reluctantly agrees to work as a clerk at a branch of the New York Public Library that Judy manages.Despite her initial misgivings, Mary is inspired to learn how to use the Dewey Decimal System after smoking a joint and strikes up a romance with Mustafa, a Lebanese street vendor and aspiring teacher.Gradually, she becomes highly adept at her job but is later fired after having sex with Mustafa in the library. With no money to pay the accumulating rent, she and her roommate, club DJ Leo, face eviction from their apartment. In desperation, Mary sells her vintage couture to pay the bills.During one of her parties, Mary takes drugs to forget a fight with Mustafa. The next day, she decides to seriously commit to being a librarian and investigates getting a graduate degree in library science.She invites Judy over for a serious talk but then Mary is dismayed to discover a raucous surprise birthday party complete with a male stripper. Mary convinces a skeptical Judy to take her seriously.She proclaims that she has finally found her calling in life, then Leo and Mustafa each share how Mary used her library science skills to help them improve their careers. Impressed, Judy gives Mary her job back, then joins the party.
1072	Pyromaniac's Love Story, A (1995)	Comedy, Romance	A Pyromaniac's Love Story is a 1995 American romantic comedy film directed by Joshua Brand and starring William Baldwin, John Leguizamo, Sadie Frost, and Erika Eleniak. The original screenplay is by Morgan Ward. It was filmed in Toronto, Ontario.
1073	Shallow Grave (1994)	Thriller	Chartered accountant David Stevens shares a flat in Edinburgh with physician Juliet Miller and journalist Alex Law. Needing a new flatmate, the trio interview several applicants in a calculatedly cruel manner, amusing themselves at the applicants' expense before finally offering the room to a mysterious man named Hugo. Shortly after he moves in, the trio finds Hugo dead from an apparent drug overdose in his room, as well as a large suitcase full of money. The friends agree to conceal the death and keep the money for themselves. They decide to remove the identifying features—hands, feet and teeth—from Hugo's body and bury the remains in the woods. David is given the gruesome task of dismembering the corpse after they draw lots, while Juliet disposes of the leftovers in her hospital's incinerator.Unbeknown to them, Hugo is being sought by a pair of violent criminals who are torturing and murdering informants as they follow his trail. The flat below theirs is broken into, making them anxious. While Juliet and Alex go on a shopping spree with the money to "feel better," David's fears turn into full-blown paranoia. He hides the suitcase of money in the attic and begins living there, drilling holes in the attic floor to watch the living space below. The relationship between the three begins to deteriorate.The criminals break into the flat, beating Alex and Juliet until Alex reveals where the money is. As the men enter the dark attic, David kills both of them with a hammer and returns to the woods to dispose of the bodies. Alex and Juliet become worried about David's mental state, and David becomes worried that the two are conspiring against him. The police, investigating the prior intrusion, are surprised when the three friends deny that they ever had a fourth flatmate.The bodies are discovered in the woods, and Alex is sent by his editor to cover the story. With the police now closing in, Juliet seduces David into giving her the money so she can buy plane tickets to Rio de Janeiro and they can run away together, but secretly she plans to go alone. Alex returns from work and—realising that Juliet and David are working together and that his life is in danger—tries to phone the police. Their confrontation escalates to violence. David reveals that he knew about Juliet's secret plan to betray both him and Alex, and punches her, prompting Alex to attack him too. Alex is stabbed in the shoulder by David, but Juliet kills David before he can kill Alex.With David dead, Juliet decides to force the knife deeper into Alex's shoulder, pinning him to the floor, so that the police will find him with David's body and blame him for all four of the deaths. She flees with the suitcase to the airport, but in the car park she discovers that it is actually filled with hundreds of newspaper clippings about the triple shallow grave, taken from Alex's newspaper. She breaks down hysterically, and with no possessions other than the plane ticket, she boards the plane to Rio.The police arrive at the flat to find Alex pinned to the floor in a large pool of blood; it is revealed that the cash is hidden under the floorboards. David finishes the monologue that began the film. A sheet is drawn over his face and his body is slid into a drawer in the morgue.
1074	Reality Bites (1994)	Comedy, Drama	Four friends who are recent college graduates live together in Houston, Texas. Coffeehouse guitarist Troy Dyer and budding filmmaker Lelaina Pierce are attracted to each other, although they have not acted on their feelings except for one brief, drunken encounter years ago.Troy is floundering, having lost several minimum-wage jobs—the last of which he loses for stealing a candy bar from his employer. Lelaina was valedictorian of her university and aspires to make documentaries, although initially has to settle for a position as production assistant to a rude and obnoxious TV host.Lelaina meets Michael Grates when throwing a lit cigarette into his convertible causes him to crash into her car. They begin dating. He works as an executive at an MTV-like channel called In Your Face, and after seeing a documentary she has been working on, wants to get it aired on his network.Lelaina's roommate Vickie has a series of one-night stands and short relationships with dozens of men; her promiscuity leads her to face a very real risk of contracting HIV after a former fling tests positive for the virus. Working as a sales associate for the Gap, Vickie is later promoted to manager and is content with her new job. Her friend Sammy Gray is gay; he remains celibate, not due to a fear of AIDS, but because forming a relationship would force him to come out to his conservative parents.After an impulsive act of retribution against her boss, Lelaina loses her job, which causes some tension with her roommates. Eventually, Vickie's HIV test comes back negative and Sammy comes out to his parents (and he even starts dating) and the two manage to resume their lives.Meanwhile, Lelaina's relationship with Michael dissolves after he helps her sell the documentary to his network, only to let them edit it into a stylized montage that compromises her artistic vision. Lelaina and Troy have a heart-to-heart which leads to them sleeping together and confessing their feelings. The morning after, he avoids her, and after a messy confrontation, leaves town. When Troy's father dies, it forces him to reevaluate his life, deciding to attempt a relationship with Lelaina.Troy and Lelaina reunite and make amends once he returns from his father's funeral in Chicago. While we do not see what happens to Michael, during the credits there is an abrupt break where two characters, "Elaina" and "Roy", who are obvious parodies of Lelaina and Troy, have an argument about their relationship. As the "show's" credits roll, Michael's name is revealed as the creator, implying that he has turned the relationship between Lelaina and Troy into the subject of a new show on his network.
1075	Man of No Importance, A (1994)	Drama	A Man of No Importance is a 1994 comedy drama film written by Barry Devlin and directed by Suri Krishnamma, starring Albert Finney.
1076	Pagemaster, The (1994)	Action, Adventure, Animation, Children's, Fantasy	Pessimistic 10-year-old Richard Tyler lives life based on statistics and fears everything. His exasperated parents have tried multiple ways to build up his courage, with little success. One day, Richard is sent by his father to buy a bag of nails for building a treehouse. However, Richard gets caught in a harsh thunderstorm and takes shelter in a library. Despite Richard's protests, he meets Mr. Dewey, an eccentric librarian/custodian who insists that he needs a special book and gives him a library card. Searching for a phone, Richard finds a large rotunda painted with many famous literary characters. He slips on water dripping from his coat and falls, knocking himself out. Richard awakens to find the rotunda art melting, which washes over him and the library, turning them into illustrations.He is met by the Pagemaster, the mythical Keeper of Books and Guardian of the Written Word. Richard asks for directions to the exit, so the Pagemaster sends him through the fiction section toward the green neon exit sign. Along the way, Richard befriends three anthropomorphic books: Adventure, a swashbuckling pirate-like book; Fantasy, a sassy but caring fairy-like book of fairytales; and Horror, a fearful "Hunchbook" with a misshapen spine. The three agree to help Richard if he checks them out with his new library card. Together, the quartet encounters classic fictional characters. They meet Dr. Jekyll who turns into Mr. Hyde, driving them to the open waters of the Land of Adventure. However, the group is separated after Moby-Dick attacks, following the whale's battle with Captain Ahab. Richard and Adventure are shipwrecked and picked up by the Hispaniola, captained by Long John Silver. The pirates go to Treasure Island, but find no treasure except for one gold coin, nearly causing a mutiny between Silver and his crew. Fantasy and Horror return and defeat the pirates. Silver attempts to convince Richard to leave with him but surrenders when Richard threatens him with a sword.In the fantasy section, Richard sees the exit sign atop a mountain. However, Adventure's bumbling awakens a dormant dragon. Richard tries to fight the dragon with a sword and shield, but the dragon swallows him. Richard finds books in the dragon's stomach and uses a beanstalk from Jack and the Beanstalk to escape the dragon's mouth. He and the books climb the beanstalk to reach the exit. They enter a large dark room where the Pagemaster awaits them. Richard accuses the Pagemaster of causing all the horrors he suffered (some of which could have cost him his life). Still, as Dr. Jekyll, Captain Ahab, Long John Silver, and the dragon reappear in a magical twister and congratulate Richard, the Pagemaster reveals the journey was intended to make Richard face his fears. The Pagemaster swoops Richard and the books into the twister, returning them to the real world.Richard awakens, finding Adventure, Fantasy, and Horror lying next to him as real books. Mr. Dewey finds him, and though the library policy only allows a person to check out two books at a time, he lets him check out all three books "just this once".Richard returns home a braver boy, sleeping in his new treehouse with his books, much to the bewilderment and delight of his parents: After they leave, the silhouettes of Adventure, Fantasy and Horror are seen conversing next to the sleeping Richard.
1077	Love and a .45 (1994)	Thriller	A young couple in love — Watty Watts (Bellows) and Starlene (Zellweger) — are planning a convenience store robbery. The next day, they are paid a visit by Creepy Cody (Alexander) and Dinosaur Bob Combs, collectors for a local mobster whom Watty has borrowed money from to buy an engagement ring for Starlene. They inform Watty that he must get the money very soon. This is followed by a visit by Watts' drug-addicted former prison buddy, Billy Mack Black (Cochrane), who has a plan for a big score. Against the wishes of Starlene, Watty goes along with the plot and the robbery turns deadly when Billy shoots and kills the stoned clerk.Following the murder, Billy pulls his gun on Watty and forces him to go to a restaurant to eat breakfast, where Billy pulls his gun on Watty again. Fearing for his life, Watty attacks Billy with a fork and escapes. He then returns to his trailer and Starlene. He asks her to marry him and tells her they have to flee to Mexico. They are then paid a visit by two police officers, who try to kill them as revenge for the murder and robbery. Starlene manages to shoot one of the officers, who accidentally shoots the other one, and the couple escape.They then make their way toward Mexico pursued by Billy Mack, Bob and Creepy and the police. The two are romanticized in the crime-obsessed media and become celebrities. On the way they stop in to see Starlene's parents, Thaylene (Wedgeworth) and Vergil (Fonda), who are later found by Billy, Bob and Creepy, leading to a violent showdown in which all are killed except Billy.Billy catches up with Watty and Starlene and the three of them cross into Mexico together. There the three engage in a showdown in which Starlene eventually kills Billy by injecting him with an overdose of high-powered speed.The two lovers take some liquid LSD given to them by Starlene's father and drive off into the sunset to start a new life.
1078	Oliver & Company (1988)	Animation, Children's	Outside a shop in New York City, several kittens are put up for adoption; all of them manage to find homes except for an orange tabby, who begins wandering the streets hoping that someone will take him in. One day, the kitten meets a Jack Russell Terrier named Dodger, who helps him steal food from a hot dog vendor before fleeing with the hot dogs, prompting the kitten to pursue him.The kitten chases Dodger to a barge, where he watches Dodger sharing the stolen hot dogs with his friends: Tito the Chihuahua, Einstein the Great Dane, Francis the Bulldog, and Rita the Saluki. Their owner, Fagin, is a petty thief indebted to Sykes, a nefarious loan shark, who gives him an ultimatum to repay the money in three days. After the other dogs encounter the kitten, they are confronted by Sykes' two Dobermanns, Roscoe and DeSoto, who threaten to eat the kitten until he claws DeSoto's nose, a deed that earns the kitten respect from Fagin and the dogs. The next day, Fagin goes to pawn some of his stolen goods, while the dogs and the kitten try to steal more money for him. Through a theatrical ruse, the animals stop a limousine belonging to the wealthy Foxworth family, but their attempt to rob the limo fails, and the kitten is discovered by the family's child Jenny, who is worried that her parents, who are on a business trip, won't be able to return home in time for her eighth birthday. Jenny adopts the kitten, whom she names Oliver, and bonds with him, much to the jealousy of Georgette, the Foxworths' spoiled prize-winning poodle. Meanwhile, Dodger and the other dogs believe that Oliver has been kidnapped, and they go to the Foxworths' house to "rescue" him. With the help of Georgette, the group take Oliver back to their barge, but Oliver tells them that he wants to stay with Jenny, making Dodger feel betrayed. As Oliver attempts to return home, Fagin picks him up and recognizes from Oliver's new collar and gold name tag that he has been adopted by a wealthy family; seeing this as an opportunity to repay his debt, Fagin decides to hold Oliver for ransom, and he informs Sykes of his plan.  Having found Fagin's ransom note, Jenny and a reluctant Georgette set out to get Oliver back. She meets with Fagin, who is shocked to be dealing with a child; bothered by his conscience, Fagin gives Oliver back to Jenny freely. However, Sykes, who was watching the events take place, abducts Jenny with the intention of blackmailing her family, while ending his deal with Fagin. Oliver, Georgette, and the other dogs sneak into Sykes' warehouse to rescue Jenny with Fagin helping them escape via his scooter. Sykes, Roscoe, and DeSoto chase the group into the subway tunnels where Roscoe and DeSoto are fatally electrocuted on the third rail of the subway following a battle between Oliver and Dodger, while Sykes is killed after his car collides with a train on the Brooklyn Bridge. Following the incident, Jenny and Oliver are reunited. They later celebrate Jenny's birthday with the dogs, Fagin, and the Foxworths' butler, Winston, who learns that Jenny's parents are returning home tomorrow. Oliver opts to stay with Jenny but promises to remain in contact with Dodger and the gang.
1079	Joe's Apartment (1996)	Comedy, Musical	Penniless and straight out of the University of Iowa, Joe F. moves to New York needing an apartment and a job. With the fortuitous death of Mrs. Grotowski, an artist named Walter Shit helps Joe to take over the last rent-controlled apartment in a building slated for demolition by convincing everyone that Mrs. Grotowski was Joe's mother. If Senator Dougherty can empty the building, he can make way for the prison he intends to build there, and uses thug Alberto Bianco and his nephews, Vlad and Jesus, to intimidate tenants.Joe discovers he has twenty to thirty thousand roommates, all of them talking, singing cockroaches who are grateful that a slob has moved in. Led by Ralph, the sentient, tune-savvy insects scare away the thugs in an act of enlightened self-interest that endears them to their human meal ticket. Tired of living on handouts from mom back in Iowa and after a series of dead-end jobs ruined by his well-intentioned six-legged roomies, Joe finds himself the unskilled drummer in Walter Shit's band. Hanging posters for SHIT, he encounters Senator Dougherty's daughter Lily, promoting her own project, a community garden to occupy the vacant site surrounding Joe's building.A gift to Lily while working on her garden is enough to woo her back to Joe's apartment. However, the cockroaches break a promise to keep out of his business and a panicked Lily flees, only to discover the garden she'd worked on has been burned to the ground. During a fight with his roommates over his spoiled romantic evening, the building suffers the same fate as the garden. A mutual truce between the hapless and now homeless roommates leads the cockroaches to "call in favors from every roach, rat and pigeon in New York City" to try to make amends to Joe. Overnight, the roaches scour New York to gather materials to convert the entire area into a garden and take care of all the necessary paperwork to ensure harmony reigns over all.
1080	Celestial Clockwork (1994)	Comedy	Ana, a young singer from Caracas who is about to get married, runs away to Paris. The stars are both good and bad for her: at the same time she meets a friendly group of Latinos and the upstart and unsettling video artist Céleste.
1081	Curdled (1996)	Crime	Gabriela is a Colombian immigrant living in Miami who has been fascinated with violent death ever since she saw a falling corpse pass by her mother's bakery window as a child. With many television shows and films feeding her obsession, she believes that after someone is decapitated, they still talk for a short while afterwards.Having quit her job at a bakery, she begins work for a cleaning service, after she sees a television commercial advertising it. The service is headed by a man named Lodger, who specializes in mopping up what is left behind at crime scenes. She goes to the office, inquires about a job and later is (to the dismay of Elena, her cleaning partner) offered the opportunity to clean up after an execution by her favorite at-large serial killer, The Blue Blood Killer (so named because his victims are all wealthy women).The two women go to the scene of the crime and begin cleaning up the mess. Elena diligently works away, trying to get out of there as soon as possible; meanwhile Gabriela discovers what she believes to be the name of the serial killer - "Paul Guell" - beneath a pool of blood, but covers it up so that Elena won't see and think she is weird. Due to the amount of blood, they have to leave and come back the next day.While out on a date with ex-colleague Eduardo, Gabriela reveals to him what she found out and after failing to clearly explain, convinces him to go to the house that same night, before it all gets cleaned up.Unbeknown to Gabriela and Eduardo, the killer is still in the building after accidentally locking himself in the wine cellar while trying to escape. Gabriela opens the door to the cellar, when Eduardo freaks out and decides he wants to go, leaving the door ajar and the killer an escape route. Eduardo leaves when Gabriela refuses to go with him, and she picks up a knife, dancing around the house where the blood is, acting out what she thinks happened - all while the killer watches.When Eduardo returns after a second thought, the killer hits him over the head and hides him in the wine cellar. He soon stops Gabriela and forces her to walk him through what happened, checking that she knows the full story, and when they come to the end, they briefly argue about Gabriela's theory of heads talking after decapitation. The killer then decides it's time for Gabriela to die, but in a struggle, he slips and is knocked out on the tiled floor.When he begins to come to, Gabriela, out of sheer curiosity, picks up the knife and cuts his head off. She slowly lifts up his head and he mumbles her name, to which Gabriela smiles with satisfaction.In a post-credits scene, Gabriela and Eduardo are driving in a car and Gabriela plays the tape which recorded the killer's last word after beheading.
1082	Female Perversions (1996)	Drama	Eve Stephens, a Los Angeles trial attorney, is almost at the peak of her career: being appointed as a judge. Her private life is less successful. Beneath her cool exterior, Eve is filled with self-doubt and struggles to find satisfaction while conforming to society's expectations of her as a woman. She is troubled by erotic nightmares and flashbacks to the lives of her parents, centering on her unfeeling father and the suspicious death of her mother, Beth. Although she has occasional intense sex – initially with a male geologist called John, later with a female psychiatrist, Renee – the relationships lack warmth or commitment on her part. She also feels threatened by Langley Flynn, a younger woman being lined up to replace her as an attorney.Eve's professional and personal lives start to unravel when her intelligent but disturbed sister Maddie, a doctoral student whom Eve believes to be a kleptomaniac, is arrested for repeated shoplifting. After Eve bails her out, Maddie steals the "lucky suit" that Eve planned to wear to her interview with the California Governor about her potential judgeship. During the interview, Eve's anger toward Maddie manifests itself when she tells the Governor that she has no time for family. Feeling disadvantaged as a candidate by her status as an unmarried woman, Eve fears that this admission will cost her the appointment, and subsequently flies into a rage. The two sisters begin to recognize the malignant influence of their parents on their lives and the unsatisfactory responses they unconsciously adopted, one seeking compensation by stealing and the other by sex.In the end, the Governor approves Eve's appointment. Later, Eve comes to the aid of Maddie's neighbor Edwina ("Ed"), a tomboyish 13‑year‑old who uses self‑harm to cope with the struggles of puberty. As Ed prepares to attempt suicide by jumping off a cliff, Eve runs up behind her and pulls her back from the edge. The last shot is of Ed's face pressed into Eve's lap.
1083	Albino Alligator (1996)	Crime, Thriller	Brothers Dova (Matt Dillon) and Milo (Gary Sinise) are small-time crooks. They and their partner, Law (William Fichtner), pull a holdup in New Orleans that goes terribly wrong. A police officer is killed, as are two other men. The robbers flee to a local bar, Dino's Last Chance, desperately taking everyone inside hostage.Milo is seriously wounded and bleeding. Law is a sociopath who is ready and willing to kill anyone who gets in his way. Dova is their leader, trying to keep the situation calm while federal agents, led by Browning (Joe Mantegna), surround the bar. A bar employee, Janet (Faye Dunaway), tries but fails to reason with the intruders. Her boss, Dino, behind the bar, secretly has a shotgun that he is hoping to get a chance to use. He does—grabbing Law and holding it on him, but Law gets the upper hand and bludgeons him. Besides a barfly (John Spencer) who is barely coherent and a younger man, Danny (Skeet Ulrich) shooting pool, there is one other customer (Viggo Mortensen), a man named Foucard dressed in a business suit, who is strangely silent and inactive all his time there. As the life of Milo slips away and the robbers' demands to the cops go unmet, Dova decides whether to surrender or start letting Law shoot hostages one at a time. Law is especially terrified of going back to prison. Dova and Law prepare to take Danny as a hostage. But Janet pleads with them not to as he is her son. It is revealed that Foucard is a wanted fugitive and the police really want him. Dova and Law prepare to give Foucard to the police and pretend that Foucard is the kidnapper and they are the hostages.Milo has Dova and Law swear on their mothers that they will not kill anyone. But when painted into a corner, Law is more than ready to kill and Dova agrees. Milo wants no more of it all and prepares to turn himself in. Dova holds a gun on him to keep him there. When Dova and Law leave, Milo takes the knife he was given from a hostage and uses it to cut his wrists, committing suicide. Dova finds out and is in tears. They prepare to give the police the wanted Foucard. The police finally storm the place and open fire, killing both Law and Foucard. Dova and the real hostages are allowed to vacate the bar. Janet covers for Dova, as he kept Law from killing the rest of the hostages. Dova walks on in a state of shock.
1084	Anne Frank Remembered (1995)	Documentary	Anne Frank Remembered is a 1995 British documentary film produced and directed by Jon Blair about the life and posthumously published diary of the German-Jewish diarist Anne Frank, who spent most of her life in the Netherlands. The film was produced in association with the Anne Frank House, Disney Channel, and the BBC, and features narration by Kenneth Branagh and extracts from Frank's diary read by Glenn Close. It originally aired on television in April 1995 before it was screened theatrically by Sony Pictures Classics in February 1996. Miep Gies, the woman who had helped shelter the family, and who had saved the diary after the group was betrayed, collaborated with Blair and is interviewed about her memories of hiding the Frank family. Blair also uses interviews with Hannah Pick-Goslar ("Hanneli") and Jaqueline van Maarsen, two of Anne Frank's friends, and notably uses archive interviews of Otto Frank to retell Anne's story. The film also records the first meeting between Miep Gies and Werner Peter Pfeffer, the son of Fritz Pfeffer ("Albert Dussel" in the Diary), who died two months after filming. In a moving scene, filmed as it happened, a tearful Pfeffer offers "Vielen Dank" ("many thanks") to Gies for her efforts to save his father. Blair filmed in the real locations of Frank's life, including the neighbourhood Anne grew up in, the "Achterhuis" of Prinsengracht 263 (where she and her family lived in hiding) in Amsterdam, and the Westerbork and Auschwitz Concentration Camps. Blair commented that Auschwitz had been filmed a number of times, for many reasons; however, he wanted to suggest something of the "ghosts" of the people who had passed through there, and so he determined that the only way to do this would be to film at night. He was also able to obtain a train similar to those used during World War II to recreate the scenes of people being transported to Auschwitz. As the film was made in association with Anne Frank House, it was able to include the only known film footage taken of Anne Frank. The short film was made in 1941 of a wedding in the Amsterdam suburb where the Frank family lived. The camera cuts for just seven seconds to a balcony, where Anne Frank stands watching the bride and groom on the footpath below. The film won an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature in 1996. The award was jointly collected by Jon Blair and Miep Gies, who received a standing ovation during the award ceremony. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 97% based on 29 reviews, and an average rating of 8/10.
1085	Carried Away (1996)	Drama, Romance	Joseph Svenden is a middle-aged schoolteacher who lives on a farm with his dying mother. In his simple life there is no excitement, even in his long-time relationship with a widow. However, when a beautiful 17-year-old girl enrolls in his class, life takes an unexpected turn. She boards her horse in his barn, and they flirt. They carry on a furtive relationship which leaves him torn between passion and knowing that he is doing something wrong. When their relationship becomes public, many different reactions ensue.
1086	It's My Party (1995)	Drama	It's My Party chronicles a two-day party hosted by Nick Stark, a gay architect who, having been diagnosed with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, will fall into a state of mental lapse lasting for months until his death. He decides to host a party for his family and friends, at the end of which he will commit suicide by taking Seconal."You won't leave me, will you?" Nick asks his estranged lover, Brandon Theis, a B movie director, shortly after revealing to him the results of his last blood test for HIV. "I don't want to die alone." In spite of Brandon's protestations, the two soon find the love they had shared for many years in ruins. One year after their breakup, Nick is confronted with a ravaged immune system and a CT Scan and lab values which, along with his worsening forgetfulness, clinches the diagnosis of Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) -- a condition he has seen claim his friends and one which he vows will not take him. Due to the aggressive nature of the disease, he has only a few days of conscious life remaining. His plan, he announces to family and "extended family," is to voluntarily end his life himself before the disease renders him unrecognizable to those he loves and he, in turn, is unable to recognize them. Uninvited to the farewell party, Brandon's presence is greeted with jeers from those who see him as having abandoned Nick in his time of greatest need.
1087	Bloodsport 2 (1995)	Action	Bloodsport is the name of several supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. All of these versions exist in DC's main shared universe, known as the DC Universe. The Robert DuBois incarnation of Bloodsport made his live-action debut in the television series Supergirl, played by David St. Louis. Idris Elba portrayed the character in the DC Extended Universe film The Suicide Squad (2021). The Alexander Trent incarnation appeared in Justice League vs. the Fatal Five, voiced by Tom Kenny.
1088	Double Team (1997)	Action	After retrieving a truck load of plutonium stolen from a US military base in Croatia by freelance international terrorist Stavros, anti-terrorist agent Jack Paul Quinn retires to Southern France with Kathryn, his pregnant wife. A government representative tells Quinn that Stavros, Quinn's nemesis, has become active again and convinces Quinn to come out of retirement.Quinn travels to Antwerp, Belgium where quirky arms dealer Yaz outfits him. Quinn and his team track Stavros to an amusement park, but Quinn hesitates to shoot Stavros when he sees Stavros is meeting with his six-year-old son. Stavros exploits Quinn's hesitation and a shootout ensues. Stavros' son is killed. Stavros flees into a hospital, pursued by Quinn. Stavros and Quinn fight in the maternity ward, and Quinn is knocked unconscious by an explosion.Due to his hesitation, Quinn is declared killed in action and placed in 'The Colony', an invisible penal island for secret agents. The occupants of the Colony are expected to analyze terrorist threats and register themselves every day using a fingerprint scanner. While analyzing information from a terrorist bombing, Quinn picks up a message from Stavros telling him that Stavros has kidnapped Kathryn. Quinn slices off the skin of his fingertip and puts it into an automated device to fool the fingerprint scanner, then escapes the energy field surrounding the island by attaching himself to cargo due to be extracted from the air. Another agent on the Colony, Goldsmythe, is activated as Quinn's "guardian", responsible for tracking him down.Quinn enlists Yaz's assistance by promising access to CIA bank accounts. The two go to Quinn's house, where they are ambushed by Stavros' men. After fighting the men off, Quinn receives a message from Stavros telling him that he must go to Rome for his baby's sake. When they arrive in Rome, Quinn admits to Yaz that the bank accounts are empty, and he has nothing to offer for Yaz's services, but a promise to repay him. However, Yaz volunteers his help after he learns that Quinn's wife is pregnant from a sonogram delivered to the given rendezvous. Quinn emails Stavros encouraging him to meet in a town square.At the meeting point, Quinn catches sight of Kathryn in a car but is intercepted by Stavros and a shootout occurs as Kathryn is driven away. Quinn tracks Stavros' sniper to the hotel suite where Kathryn was being held and finds a clue to her whereabouts: a prescription bottle label. With the help of an order of monks Yaz has equipped with computers and Internet access, Quinn reaches the hospital. He finds Kathryn has given birth and Stavros has taken his son. Quinn locates Stavros and the baby in a Roman amphitheater. Stavros leaves Quinn in the middle of a minefield with his son and a tiger.Yaz arrives on a motorbike and snatches the baby, leaving Quinn to escape from the tiger and go after Stavros. While Quinn and Stavros fight in the minefield, Yaz moves the markers, leading Stavros to step on a mine, unable to move without setting it off. Goldsmythe, who has tracked Quinn, finds the baby; Quinn, his son, Goldsmythe and Yaz run as Stavros is charged by the tiger and takes his foot off the mine. They take shelter from the explosion behind a vending machine. Goldsmythe asks Quinn for his hair and shirt as proof that he successfully tracked him; Yaz drops a smoke bomb, allowing Quinn to escape.
1089	Speed 2: Cruise Control (1997)	Action, Romance, Thriller	Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) cop Alex Shaw is on a motorcycle chasing a vehicle with stolen goods. After he catches the driver of the vehicle, his girlfriend Annie Porter encounters him during her driving test. She discovers that Alex is on the SWAT team and concludes that he mistakenly told her that he was on beach patrol. As an apology, Alex surprises her with a Caribbean cruise on Seabourn Legend.Aboard the ship, deranged passenger John Geiger, a former employee of the cruise company, hacks into the ship's computer system, sabotages the communication systems, and kills Captain Pollard. After blowing up two of the ship's engines, Geiger calls the bridge to notify the first officer, Juliano, of Pollard's death and order him to evacuate the ship. While passengers evacuate, Drew, a young girl who is deaf, becomes trapped in an elevator, and a group of people also become trapped behind locked fire doors in a hallway filling with smoke. As Annie and Alex attempt to board the last lifeboat, Geiger programs the ship to continue sailing. When the winch lowering the lifeboat jams, Alex jumps back onboard to rescue the passengers from falling overboard, while Annie and Juliano utilize the ship's gangplank to get them back on deck.Realizing that Geiger has hijacked the ship, Alex accompanies Juliano to the cabin, but Geiger remotely detonates explosives inside the room. Annie and Dante, the ship's photographer, notice the people trapped behind the fire doors, utilizing a chainsaw to cut the door open and facilitate their escape. Meanwhile, Alex orders the navigator, Merced, to flood the ship's decks and decelerate it by opening the ballast doors. As the ship floods, Alex notices Drew on a monitor after she climbs out of the elevator and enters the ballast room to rescue her. Noticing Geiger fleeing from the vault, Alex ambushes him, but Geiger escapes by shutting the fire door in front of him. Using the ship's intercom, Geiger explains that he designed the ship's autopilot system and is pursuing his revenge plot against the cruise line after being dismissed when he contracted copper poisoning. He escapes from Alex by attaching a grenade to a door.As the crew notices that Geiger has programmed the ship to crash into an oil tanker off the coast of Saint Martin, Alex decides to prevent the crash by diving underneath the ship and jamming the propeller with a steel cable. Geiger jams the cable winch while Alex is underwater, causing it to break off the ship and free the cable. He then abducts Annie and absconds with her on a lifeboat.To avert a collision, Alex and Dante venture into the ship's bilge pump room and maneuver the bow thrusters, steering it away from the oil tanker. The ship screeches down the side of the tanker and heads into a marina before crashing into a Saint Martin town and grinding to a halt. Alex hijacks a speed boat to pursue Annie, whom Geiger has dragged onto a seaplane; he employs a harpoon gun to tether himself to the plane from the boat and reels himself in through the water. Eventually, he climbs onto the plane and retrieves Annie, and both escape on one of the plane's floats, which lands on the ocean surface. Geiger attempts to escape over the oil tanker but loses control of the plane, which becomes impaled on the tanker's foremast; in the ensuing explosion, both vehicles are destroyed and Geiger perishes. The members of the tanker crew, however, launched their lifeboat just prior to the destruction. As the couple return to shore in the speed boat, Alex gives Annie an engagement ring, proposing marriage, and she happily accepts.
1090	Sliver (1993)	Thriller	Carly Norris, a beautiful book editor and divorcee in her mid-30s, moves into the exclusive New York City sliver building "113". She meets other tenants including Zeke, a video game designer; Jack, a novelist; Vida, a fashion model who moonlights as a call girl; and Gus, a professor of videography at New York University. They tell Carly that she bears a striking resemblance to Naomi Singer, the previous tenant of her apartment who fell to her death from her balcony.After running into Zeke numerous times, Carly invites him to her housewarming party. Soon afterwards, they begin a sexual relationship. Meanwhile, Jack starts stalking Carly and warning her about Zeke who he says is "sick". He also points out that Zeke's deceased mother, a soap opera actress named Thea Manning, bears a resemblance to Carly. As Jack's behavior becomes more erratic, Gus dies in the shower under suspicious circumstances and Vida is murdered, with police suspicion falling on Jack for her death after Carly discovers him in the stairwell with her corpse.Zeke reveals to Carly that he is the owner of 113, which he bought with his inheritance from his wealthy father. As owner of 113, Zeke has installed a comprehensive video surveillance system throughout the building, allowing him to spy on all of the tenants from his own secret surveillance room. Through deduction and eventually one of Zeke's secret recordings, Carly learns that Jack killed Naomi in a crime of passion.Jack was jealous of Zeke, who had sexual relations with both Naomi and Vida. Jack attacks Carly in her own apartment, and she accidentally shoots him dead. Angry at Zeke for withholding evidence in Naomi's murder, and jealous of his liaisons with Naomi and Vida, Carly destroys Zeke's surveillance room, tells him to "get a life", then leaves.
1091	Pete's Dragon (1977)	Adventure, Animation, Children's, Musical	In Maine in the early 1900s, an orphan named Pete flees from the Gogans – a horrible and abusive farm family that had previously purchased him – with the assistance of an unseen force he calls Elliott. They call for him to return and promise they will treat him better, while also intending to punish him severely. After they abandon their search, he falls asleep. The next morning, he awakens and Elliott is revealed to be a green dragon that can turn invisible.Pete and Elliott visit Passamaquoddy, where the invisible Elliott's clumsiness causes Pete to be labeled a source of bad luck. Lampie, the lighthouse keeper, stumbles out of a tavern and encounters him. Elliott makes himself visible and Lampie, terrified, runs to the townspeople. They dismiss his claims as a drunken rant. In a seaside cave, Pete reprimands Elliott for causing trouble. As they make up, Lampie's daughter, Nora, appears, warning that Pete is not safe there because of the incoming tide. After realizing he is an orphan and not from the area, she offers him shelter at the lighthouse, and they bond. He learns the story of her fiancé, Paul, whose ship was lost at sea the year before, and promises to ask Elliott to try to locate him.Itinerant quack Dr. Terminus and his assistant, Hoagy, win over the gullible townspeople, who are angered by their return. After Lampie takes Hoagy to the cave where Elliot resides to prove that he is real, their encounter with him goes awry and they flee. Hoagy tries to tell Dr. Terminus about Elliott, but he does not believe him. The next day, the local fishermen complain about the scarcity of fish, believing it's Pete's fault. Nora says the fishing grounds shift from time to time and Pete should be welcomed into town. That night, Nora and Lampie argue over Lampie's claims of seeing Elliott and Nora's belief that Paul will return.Nora takes Pete to start school, where the teacher, Miss Taylor, punishes him for Elliott's antics. Enraged, Elliott smashes into the schoolhouse, leaving his shape in the wall and frightening the townspeople. Dr. Terminus, now convinced Elliott is real, discovers from a book that any physical property from dragons can be used for remedies and tonics, and conspires with Hoagy to exploit Elliott for medical profit. Pete accepts Nora and Lampie's invitation to live with them. When the Gogans arrive in town and demand he be returned, they brandish a document proving they had legally bought him for fifty dollars (plus fees), but Nora refuses to surrender him. As the Gogans chase them in a boat, Elliott sinks it, saving Pete. Dr. Terminus makes a deal with the Gogans to capture Pete and Elliott, even convincing the townspeople that capturing Elliott will solve their problems.That evening, a storm blows in, while at sea, a ship approaches Passamaquoddy with Paul on board. Dr. Terminus lures Pete to the boathouse while Hoagy does the same to Elliott, who gets caught in a net, but frees himself. He retrieves Pete in a confrontation with the Gogans, who finally accept defeat and flee after he destroys their document. Dr. Terminus attempts to harpoon him, but his leg gets caught in the rope and he is sent catapulting through the ceiling, ending up dangling upside down near a utility pole. Elliott saves the Mayor, Miss Taylor, and the members of the Town Board from a falling utility pole, revealing himself to them. At the lighthouse, the lamp has been extinguished by a rogue wave. Elliott lights it with his fire, revealing himself to Nora and saving the ship.The next morning, the Mayor and townspeople praise Elliott for his help, and Nora is reunited with Paul. He explains he was the sole survivor of a shipwreck at Cape Hatteras and suffered amnesia, but something knocked him out of bed and restored his memory. Elliott reveals to Pete that since he has a new family now and is safe at last, he must move on to help another child in trouble. Soon accepting this, Pete says goodbye to him as he and his family watch him fly away, with Pete reminding him that he is supposed to be invisible as he disappears into the sky.
1092	Dear God (1996)	Comedy	Tom Turner, a con artist in Los Angeles, is arrested for working cons he is presently doing to pay off his gambling debt to Junior, a loan shark. He is sentenced by the judge to find a full-time job by the end of the week and keep it for at least a year, or be sent to jail.Tom finds work at the post office sorting mail in the dead letter office. Surrounded by quirky coworkers, Tom finds out what happens to letters addressed to the Easter Bunny, Elvis Presley, and God, and out of curiosity reads one of the letters sent to God.While reading the letter, sent by a needy single mother, Tom accidentally drops his paycheck; it is mailed back to her. When Tom comes to retrieve his paycheck, he sees the good it has done and leaves, not knowing that Rebecca, a burnt-out workaholic lawyer coworker doing pro-bono work, has seen him doing so.Believing that Tom sent the money on purpose, Rebecca rallies the rest of the dead letter office workers to continue what he has started. Tom, becoming the unwilling leader of the group, starts answering more and more letters sent to the post office asking God for help. The group answers more prayers, enriching people's lives, while Tom tries to find love with Gloria, a coffee bar waitress, and keep out of jail.After the loan shark trashes Tom's apartment, things are replaced by 'God' or rather his coworkers. Webster, Junior's 'heavy', stops by to let him know that he was hit by a bus, so is off the hook for the loan.Others begin to step up, replacing Christmas presents stolen from the Salvation Army, the Santa Monica homeless had canned goods delivered to them as requested, and 5,000 in cash comes in. Tom, believing that it is a trap, suggests that they lie low for a while.The postmaster general announces on a news report that it is a federal offense for postal workers to open mail not addressed to them. The postal police show up to arrest Idris Abraham, as he took responsibility for giving a homeless man a trumpet.Tom confesses on TV, saying that it was all him. Rebecca, acting as his defense attourney, calls the other postal workers from the department. As she is making her closing statements, Herman, a fellow postal worker who sees that Rebecca is losing, calls in postal carriers from throughout Los Angeles. They fill the streets around the courthouse demanding that Tom be released. The judge declares him not guilty, only holding him to complete the 12 months of work sentenced to him in the previous hearing.
1093	Live Nude Girls (1995)	Comedy	A group of childhood friends have a sleepover as a bachelorette party for Jamie, where the conversations evolve from the topic of their relationships with men to sex and related fantasies. The group includes two sisters, Rachel and Jill, between whom remains some emotional tension. The hostess for the evening, the bisexual Georgina, is pestered by her possessive live-in lover Chris, who declines to join the party, staying in her bedroom.
1094	Thin Line Between Love and Hate, A (1996)	Comedy	Darnell Wright, a playboy and nightclub manager at Chocolate City, is known for trading VIP access for favors from women, despite harboring lingering feelings for his childhood sweetheart, Mia. Ambitious and self-assured, Darnell aspires to become a co-owner of the club.When Brandi Web, a wealthy and enigmatic woman, enters the club, Darnell sees her as a challenge and begins to pursue her romantically. Though she initially rejects him, he eventually wins her over. As their relationship deepens, Darnell realizes he is truly in love with Mia and ends things with Brandi.Brandi does not take the rejection well and becomes dangerously obsessed. Her behavior escalates from stalking Darnell to damaging his property, fabricating a domestic abuse incident, and ultimately threatening Mia’s life. Despite Darnell breaking off contact and attempting to protect Mia, Brandi’s fixation intensifies.The conflict culminates in a violent confrontation in which Brandi, Darnell, and Mia fall from a window into a pool during a struggle over a firearm. Darnell survives the ordeal and awakens in the hospital surrounded by his loved ones. He resolves to change his ways and build a future with Mia. Brandi is arrested and imprisoned, and Darnell reflects on the experience as a painful but necessary turning point in his life.
1095	High School High (1996)	Comedy	Richard Clark is an unsatisfied prep school teacher at the fictional Wellington Academy, who accepts a job at inner city Marion Barry High School, much to the chagrin of his boss and father, Wellington headmaster Thaddeus Clark. Richard arrives to find the school in a state of disarray and disorder, while meeting several students and faculty members including: the blunted, soured, and uninspiring principal, Evelyn Doyle, her cheerful assistant Victoria Chappell and student Griff McReynolds.Despite initial opposition to his teaching style and harassment from the school gang leader Paco, Richard begins connecting with his students and teaches them effectively, while developing a romantic relationship with Victoria. Barry High eventually is transformed into a fine educational establishment. Frustrated, Paco and his gang tamper with the school's final exam scores, causing everyone to fail. Griff, who grew to see Richard as a mentor, loses faith in him, as does the rest of the school and Richard is fired. Griff subsequently joins Paco's gang to make extra money.Victoria learns through word of mouth that Paco was behind the failing test scores and rushes to inform Richard, who decides to confront Paco and rescue Griff with the help of several of his students, including Anferny Jefferson, Natalie Thompson and Julie Rubels. By deceiving Mr. DeMarco, a local gangster, Richard and Victoria reach Paco and the local crime boss, "Mr. A", whom they find has been Principal Doyle the entire time. Griff is told the truth about the test scores and after a brief fight, Paco, Doyle and DeMarco are arrested.Richard (now principal of Barry High) presides over the graduation ceremony and proudly names Griff as the class valedictorian. The six main students of the film graduate (but only those six). Richard makes good on his promise to send Griff to college and is in a relationship with Victoria.
1096	Commandments (1997)	Romance	Ever since Seth Warner's (Aidan Quinn) wife died two years ago, his life has gone to pieces. In his rage, he affronts God who seemingly responds by stopping his suicide attempt and his screaming at God above by crippling his dog and putting Seth in the hospital. So Seth sets out to break all the Ten Commandments. Moving in with his sister-in-law, Rachel (Courteney Cox), and her reporter-husband, Harry (Anthony LaPaglia), he systematically starts breaking each of the commandments, increasingly aided by Harry and Rachel. When Rachel finds out Harry has been having an affair, she responds by having an affair with Seth. Seth then steals all of Harry's personally autographed guitars and pawns them, subsequently lying to the police that it was part of an insurance scam and Harry was in on it. Harry loses his job and finds out Rachel is pregnant with Seth's baby. Seth attempts to kill himself but is swallowed by a whale and the belly is cut open and Seth is released. Rachel decides to marry Seth and raise the baby with him. Harry stands on top of a building with Seth's crippled dog the same way Seth did before and asks for a sign from God. Perhaps to be saved like Seth was.
1097	Hate (Haine, La) (1995)	Drama	The film opens with a montage of news footage depicting urban riots in a banlieue in the commune of Chanteloup-les-Vignes near Paris. In the aftermath of the riots, a local man named Abdel Ichaha is gravely injured in police custody and is in intensive care. The riots escalate, leading to a siege of the local police station and the loss of a police officer's revolver. The film follows the lives of three friends of Abdel, who are all young men from immigrant families, over approximately twenty consecutive hours.Vinz, a young Jewish man with an aggressive temperament, seeks revenge for Abdel's condition. He harbors a deep hatred for all police officers and secretly emulates Travis Bickle from Taxi Driver in front of his bathroom mirror. Hubert, an Afro-French boxer and small-time drug dealer, aspires to escape the banlieue and create a better life for himself. However, his boxing gymnasium was destroyed in the riots. Saïd, a young North African Muslim, acts as a mediator between Vinz and Hubert who constantly argue.The three friends lead a directionless daily routine and frequently find themselves under police surveillance. At a rooftop party which is broken up by the police, Vinz insults a plainclothes police officer. After the trio leaves, Vinz reveals that he has discovered the .44 Magnum revolver lost during the riot. He plans to use it to kill a police officer if Abdel dies. While Hubert disapproves, Vinz secretly takes the gun with him. They try to visit Abdel in the hospital but are stopped by the police. Saïd is arrested after they aggressively refuse to leave, but he is later released with the assistance of a police officer who knows his brother.A disagreement arises between Vinz and Hubert regarding their perspectives on policing and violence, leading them to part ways temporarily. Saïd accompanies Vinz, while Hubert briefly returns home. They reunite at another gathering in the banlieue, which quickly descends into chaos when Abdel's brother attempts to murder a police officer as an act of revenge. This triggers a confrontation with the police, and the group narrowly escapes after Vinz almost shoots a riot officer. They board a train to Paris, where their interactions with both friendly and hostile Parisians escalate several situations into dangerous confrontations.In a public restroom, they encounter a Polish survivor of the gulag who tells them a story about a man who froze to death after he refused to relieve himself in public near the train and then failed to re-board in time. The trio is perplexed by the meaning of the story.Later, they visit Astérix, a frequent cocaine user who owes money to Saïd. This visit leads to a violent confrontation, as Astérix appears to force Vinz to play Russian roulette, although the gun is secretly unloaded. They encounter sadistic plainclothes police officers who arrest Saïd and Hubert while Vinz manages to escape. The police officers verbally and physically abuse the duo before imprisoning them until late at night, causing the three friends to miss the last train from Saint-Lazare station and spend the night on the streets.After failing to hotwire a car and being kicked out of an art gallery, the trio make their way to a rooftop, where they insult some passing skinheads. They take shelter in a shopping mall, where they hear from a news broadcast that Abdel has died. Later, Vinz disappears, and Hubert and Saïd find him pointing a finger gun at a police officer; the two abandon Vinz at the mall out of anger. However, Hubert and Saïd later encounter the same group of skinheads, who mercilessly attack them. Vinz intervenes, holding one of the skinheads at gunpoint. Despite Hubert pushing Vinz to execute him, Vinz hesitates and ultimately lets the skinhead go. In the early morning, the trio returns home, and Vinz hands the gun over to Hubert. Vinz and Saïd encounter the officer whom Vinz had insulted at the rooftop party. The officer seizes Vinz, threatening him with a loaded gun against his head. Hubert rushes to their aid, but the officer accidentally discharges his gun, killing Vinz. Hubert and the officer enter a Mexican standoff, with the two pointing a gun at the other. During the standoff, Hubert, in narration, tells a story that uses the image of a man falling from a building, assuring himself that everything is fine, as a metaphor for society's decline. Saïd closes his eyes, and a gunshot is heard; it is left ambiguous as to who is shot.
1098	Flirting With Disaster (1996)	Comedy	Mel Coplin and his wife, Nancy, live in New York, near Mel's neurotic, Jewish, adoptive parents, Ed and Pearl Coplin.  Mel and Nancy have just had their first child, and Mel won't decide on a name for their son until he can discover the identity of his biological parents.  When Tina Kelb, an adoption agency employee, locates his biological mother's name in a database, Mel decides to meet his mother personally.The sexy but highly incompetent Tina decides to accompany Mel, Nancy, and the newborn on a trip to San Diego to meet Mel's biological mother. The trip does not go as planned, and ends up becoming a tour of the United States.In San Diego, Mel is introduced to Valerie, a blonde Scandinavian woman with Confederate roots whose twin daughters are a head taller than Mel. They realize that Valerie is not Mel's biological mother, and Tina scrambles to get the correct information from the agency database. Meanwhile, Nancy becomes jealous as Tina and Mel begin to flirt.The group heads to Battle Creek, Michigan, with the hope of meeting the man whose name appears as the person who delivered infant Mel to the adoption agency. The man, Fritz Boudreau, turns out to be a trucker with a violent streak. However, when he discovers that Mel might be his son, he becomes instantly friendly and lets Mel drive his semi-trailer truck, which Mel immediately crashes into a Post Office building.This leads to a run-in with two ATF agents, Tony and Paul, who are in a relationship. It is discovered that Tony and Nancy went to high school together. Charges are dismissed, and Fritz tells Mel that he is not Mel's father, but only handled Mel's adoption because Mel's biological parents were indisposed. Tina locates the current address of Mel's biological parents, in rural New Mexico. Tony and Paul surprise everyone by deciding to tag along.While Mel and Tina become close, Nancy finds herself flirting with Tony, who returns the compliment, causing friction. The trip through rural New Mexico is fraught with more problems. The whole crowd finally descends on the front porch of Mel's true biological parents, Richard and Mary Schlichting. They are asked to stay the night.While Richard and Mary are more than welcoming, Mel's biological brother Lonnie is overly rude and jealous. It is during dinner that Mel discovers that Richard and Mary had to let Mel be adopted because they were in jail for making and distributing LSD (a.k.a. acid) in the late 1960s.  Not only that, but Richard and Mary continue to manufacture the drug, as becomes apparent when Lonnie, in an attempt to dose Mel with acid at dinner, accidentally doses Paul. Mel retires to Tina's bedroom, while Nancy and Tony share a room; neither couple is truly comfortable, leading to Nancy and Mel spending the night reconciling their issues.While the others are upstairs, the drugged Paul tries to arrest Richard and Mary, but Lonnie knocks him out with a frying pan. The three Schlichtings attempt to escape and decide to take Mel's car, hiding their supply of acid in the trunk. Ed and Pearl unexpectedly arrive, in their identical car, but then change their minds and decide to leave, taking the wrong car. When they change their minds again and make a blind U-turn on the nearly deserted highway, Mel's two sets of parents crash. Ed and Pearl are arrested while the Schlichtings escape to Mexico.As morning arrives, not realizing what has happened, Mel and Nancy agree to name the baby Garcia, after Jerry Garcia. Called to the Sheriff's office to bail out Ed and Pearl, Mel refers to them as his parents, which they are surprised and happy to hear. Paul, Tony and Tina arrive, with Paul explaining the situation and getting Ed and Pearl released.A montage of each family's personal relationships – Mel and Nancy, Paul and Tony and their Tina-arranged adopted baby, Ed and Pearl, the three Schlichtings, and a very pregnant Tina – continues over the credits. Each family still have their troubles, but Mel and Nancy are happy together.
1099	Red Firecracker, Green Firecracker (1994)	Drama	A firecracker (cracker, noise maker, banger) is a small explosive device primarily designed to produce a large amount of noise, especially in the form of a loud bang, usually for celebration or entertainment; any visual effect is incidental to this goal. They have fuses, and are wrapped in a heavy paper casing to contain the explosive compound. Firecrackers, along with fireworks, originated in China.
1100	What Happened Was... (1994)	Comedy, Drama, Romance	The film depicts two people, played by Karen Sillas and Tom Noonan, on a first date; their conversation gradually reveals their lonely lives and hidden personalities.
1101	Six Degrees of Separation (1993)	Drama, Mystery	Fifth Avenue socialite Ouisa Kittredge and her art dealer husband Flan are parents of "two at Harvard and a girl at Groton." However, the narrow world inhabited by the Kittredges and their public status as people interested in the arts make them easy prey for Paul. A skillful con-artist, Paul mysteriously appears at their door one night, injured and bleeding, claiming to be a close college friend of their Ivy League kids, as well as the son of Sidney Poitier.Ouisa and Flan are much impressed by Paul's fine taste, keen wit, articulate literary expositions and surprising culinary skill. His appealing facade fades as soon as the Kittredges put him up, lending him money and taking satisfaction in his praise for their posh lifestyle. Paul's scheme continues until, after he brings home a hustler, his actual indigence is revealed. The shocked Kittredges kick him out when it is revealed that they are but the most recent victims of the duplicity with which Paul has charmed his way into many upper-crust homes along the Upper East Side.Paul's schemes become anecdotes which are bantered about at their cocktail parties. In the end, Paul has a profound effect on the many individuals who encounter him, linking them in their shared experience.
1102	Two Much (1996)	Comedy, Romance	Former artist Art Dodge is struggling to keep his art gallery open, unable to pay bills, his assistant Gloria or his artist Manny. To survive, he reads the obituaries and tries to convince the widows that the deceased purchased a painting shortly before dying.When Art tries this scam with mobster Gene, whose father just died, he tries to have his henchmen beat him up. Art barely escapes by hiding in Betty Kerner's Rolls-Royce, Gene's estranged two-time ex-wife and wealthy heiress.Betty is excited to help the handsome stranger, and they end up making love. Impulsive, she wants to marry Art in two weeks, and the tabloids immediately unearth the story. Stuck between Betty who won't budge and Gene who still loves her, although Art isn't happy about it, he plays along.One morning at Betty's, Art surprises her in the shower, naked. He sees it's not Betty, but her sister Liz, an art professor. He is attracted to her, but she is very cold and distant, seeing him as a gigolo. He invents a fake twin brother Bart (who wears glasses and has his hair down instead of in a ponytail), a painter who just returned from Italy.Bart and Liz instantly hit it off while Gene still tries to romance Betty. They talk about everything, he plays with her dog and even invites her to Manny's studio, pretending it's his. When Liz's favorite painting in the studio turns out to actually be Art's (who gave it to Manny as an "advance" on what he owes him), he gives it to her.Thanks to his imaginary twin brother, Art manages to romance both sisters. As the "twin brothers" can't be in the same place at the same time, it means a lot of running around, excuses and enlisting a very reluctant Gloria. One evening he needs to be on two simultaneous dates.At the restaurant with Betty, he drugs her wine to shorten the date and puts a very sleepy Betty to bed. He then goes out with Liz (who chooses the same restaurant), also making love to her. The next morning, Art/Bart has to run back and forth between the sisters' bedrooms as he's supposed to be with them simultaneously.The night before the wedding, Art spots Gene's two henchmen near his house and escapes with his dad's help. He tries to spend the night at Gloria's but Manny is there, he gives him the studio's keys to spend the night. There, Art is painting again but is interrupted by the henchmen who start beating him up. When Art proposes leaving town, Gene insists he go ahead with the wedding and threatens to break one bone for each tear Betty cries.After they leave, Liz arrives to the studio, thinking Bart got beat up. He tells her he is Art, that he fell in love when he saw her in the shower and tries to kiss her. She thinks Art is trying to make a pass at her, not realizing Bart is Art.On the wedding day, Liz tells Bart his "brother" tried to kiss her, so the wedding should be called off. Bart needs to "confront" Art in a study alone, with Liz and Gene listening outside -and, unbeknownst to everyone, also by Betty through the phone. When Gene enters the study, he confronts Art alone, and again threatens him if he doesn't marry Betty. He insists that they want is irrelevant, and that the only thing that matters is Betty's happiness.During the wedding ceremony, Betty, shaken by Gene's selfless devotion, calls the wedding off. Falling into Gene's arms, she admits she loves him too, and they elope. In the general confusion, Liz sees her dog wanting to play with Art and realizes he and Bart are the same person. Bart then gives Liz a fake excuse to "go back to Italy" (which she of course doesn't buy), adding he's not worthy.Months later, Art's gallery is now very successful (Gloria owns and manages it, and Art is the artist). At the inauguration of his work, he notices Liz, who has feelings for him but is unsure of who he really is. Art convinces her he is the one she had feelings for, and the movie ends with them happily walking down the street, hand in hand.
1103	Trust (1990)	Comedy, Drama	Concerns the platonic romance between two young misfits wandering the same Long Island town.When naïve and unbookish Maria announces to her family that she has dropped out of high school because of an unplanned pregnancy, her father dies of a heart attack, her mother kicks her out of her home, and her boyfriend breaks up with her.Lonely and with nowhere to go, Maria wanders her town in search of a place to stay. Along the way, she meets Matthew, a highly intelligent and extremely moody electronics repairman who keeps losing jobs through his inability to accept the views of employers and customers. They begin an unusual platonic romance built on their mutual admiration, respect and trust, but Matthew's father and Maria's mother both try to destroy the innocent relationship.
1104	C'est arrivé près de chez vous (1992)	Comedy, Crime, Drama	Ben is a witty and charismatic but narcissistic and easily-enraged serial killer who holds forth at length about whatever comes to mind, be it the "craft" of murder, the failings of architecture, his own poetry, or classical music, which he plays with his girlfriend Valerie. A film crew joins him on his sadistic adventures, recording them for a fly on the wall documentary. Ben takes them to meet his family and friends while boasting of murdering many people at random and dumping their bodies in canals and quarries. The viewer witnesses these grisly killings in graphic detail.Ben ventures into apartment buildings, explaining how it is more cost-effective to attack old people than young couples because the elderly have more cash at home and are easier to kill. In a following scene, he screams wildly at an elderly lady, causing her to have a heart attack. As she lies dying, he casually remarks that this method saved him a bullet.Ben continues his candid explanations and his rampage, shooting, strangling, and beating his victims to death. His murders often involve robbery and theft. His victims include women, the elderly, immigrants, and postmen (his favorite targets). He enjoys killing a postman at the start of each month because they tend to have parcels with money and other goods he can steal. He also enjoys killing women because he claims they don’t fight back as much. However, Ben also kills a real estate developer who rudely evicted one of his friends, and when he kills an immigrant night watchman at a construction site, he expresses concern that the construction company hired the African employee for unscrupulous reasons (before launching into his own racist tirade and requesting the film crew expose the body’s genitals). At the same construction site, Ben points out where he killed and buried two Muslims, and explains that he made sure to entomb their bodies in a wall that faces Mecca. During filming, some of Ben's crew are killed; their deaths are later called "occupational hazards" by a crew member and off-handedly mourned.The camera crew becomes more and more involved in the murders, starting out as silent accomplices but gradually assisting Ben in his killings. When Ben invades a home and kills an entire family, they help him hold down a young boy and smother him with a pillow, all the while keeping up a casual conversation.At the abandoned building that Ben uses for a hideout, the crew encounters two Italian criminals or gangsters also hiding out in the building. Ben kills the Italians before discovering that they were actually also being filmed by a competing documentary camera crew. Ben and his camera crew have fun taking turns as they shoot the rival crew members to death and record the whole thing.After a night of drinking with the film crew, Ben invades a home and interrupts a couple having sex. He then takes the pair hostage, holding the man at gunpoint while he and the crew gang-rape the woman. The following morning, the camera dispassionately records the aftermath: the woman has been butchered with a knife, her entrails spilling out, while the husband had his throat cut. Later, Ben's girlfriend and family receive death threats from the brother of one of the Italian criminals whom Ben had killed earlier. Ben kills an acquaintance in front of his girlfriend and friends during a birthday dinner as it is suggested he had been close to her while he was in prison. Spattered with blood, they act as though nothing horrible has happened, continuing to offer Ben gifts. The film crew disposes of the body for Ben.After a victim flees before he can be killed, Ben is arrested, but he escapes. At this point, someone, presumably the brother of the dead Italian along with other members of the two dead Italians' criminal organization, starts taking revenge on Ben and his family. Ben discovers that his girlfriend Valerie has been killed: a flutist, she has been murdered in a particularly humiliating manner, with her flute inserted into her anus. He later finds that his parents met the same fate, with his mother, who owns a shop and is "not a musician", being sodomized with the end of a broomstick. This prompts Ben to decide that he must leave. He meets the camera crew to say farewell, but in the middle of reciting a poem, he is abruptly shot dead by an off-camera gunman. The camera crew is then picked off one by one. After the camera falls, it keeps running, and the film ends with the death of the fleeing sound recordist.
1105	Firestorm (1998)	Action, Adventure, Thriller	During a forest fire in northern Wyoming, smokejumper Jesse Graves and his mentor Wynt Perkins are rescuing trapped civilians when a woman begs them to rescue her daughter from a burning cabin. They locate the girl, but Wynt is injured by a travel trailer sent flying by an explosion. Jesse manages to free Wynt and rescue both him and the girl from a flashover; Wynt's injuries mean that he must retire from active duty, but he balks at the idea of "full" retirement due to his inadequate pension plan.Months later, a group of convicts stage an escape with the help of an arsonist on the outside, who sets a fire in the forest so that the prisoners will be taken there to help firemen, giving the prisoners a chance to escape. Randall Alexander Shaye, who had stolen US$37 million four years previously and hidden it in the forest, kills his cellmate and takes his identity as he and five other escapees go to retrieve the money. They pose as Canadian firefighters and take Jennifer, a bird watcher, hostage along the way. Unbeknownst to all of them, another forest fire has started due to a lightning strike from a week earlier.Jesse, realizing that the "firefighters" are convicts in disguise, must find a way to stop Shaye and his group of convicts while saving Jennifer at the same time. Shaye gradually kills off his men in order to collect the money himself, starting with fellow prisoners Wilkins, a mapmaker, and Karge, a former wrestler. However, Shaye finds out that the money was destroyed in the fire. He proceeds to kill Loomis, a former Air Force pilot, by pushing him off a cliff to make it look like an accident, and shoots Packer, a serial rapist, after he gets caught in a spring trap set up by Jesse. Wynt does everything he can to help Jesse and save Jennifer.Jennifer tells Jesse that she was a Marine before she became a bird watcher. She and Jesse try to give out smoke signals to have Jesse's friends find him before the two separate forest fires combine and will suck up all the oxygen. Wynt arrives to save a busload of prisoners and firefighters after they were forced at gunpoint to get inside the vehicle. He hotwires the bus and drives it away to safety. Wynt then catches up with Jesse and comes up with a plan. Jesse begins to realize his friend knew that there was a fire from the beginning and never told anyone.Wynt tells Jesse he started the fire in order for a land developer to build a training school for firefighters but knew nothing of the prison break. Jesse tells him it wasn't his fault and promises he will keep the crime a secret from his friends. Wynt confronts Shaye by telling him Shaye's lawyers set him up to take the fall. He shoots Shaye in the leg but is killed in the process. Jesse throws a fire axe into Shaye's chest, causing him to fall off the boat he and Jennifer were in. Jesse and Jennifer use the boat as an air pocket to keep from drowning, and to prevent themselves from getting burned alive as the firestorm destroys the area. Suddenly, gunshots start coming from underneath them and a couple of bullets make a hole in the boat.Shaye survives his injury and plans on killing Jennifer and Jesse. Jesse gets the upper hand and kills Shaye by shoving his head through the hole under the boat, burning him to death. Heavy rainfall then drowns out the fire and Jesse and Jennifer swim to shore, where they wait to be rescued. Jennifer also realizes that the eggs she had with her have hatched, much to the pleasure of Jesse.
1106	Newton Boys, The (1998)	Crime, Drama	A miscarriage of justice lands Willis Newton languished in prison, he encountered a harsh reality: money held the key to societal status within the unforgiving confines. Determined to climb the social ladder, he joined forces with Slim and Glasscock, two fellow inmates, to pull off a daring bank robbery in broad daylight. Their audacious plan failed, and Slim was captured during their hasty escape on horseback. Willis and Glasscock, however, escaped and found a bank director willing to purchase their stolen war bonds. This lucrative encounter provided them with vital information about countless other banks, paving the way for their lucrative criminal careers.Willis and Glasscock embarked on a series of nocturnal bank robberies, using cars as their mode of escape. Glasscock proved to be a master of nitroglycerin, effectively utilizing the explosive to blast open safes. Willis, driven by a sense of injustice, convinced his brothers to support their criminal enterprise, arguing that bankers were the true crooks and that robbing them was merely a case of little thieves stealing from big thieves. He further rationalized their actions by emphasizing that all banks were insured, and that the insurance companies would ultimately benefit from their robberies by increasing their sales.The Newton gang's prolific bank robbing spree continued unabated, and some bankers proved to be dishonest in exaggerating their losses. This prompted insurance companies to pressure banks into investing in enhanced safes, impervious to nitroglycerin. Faced with this setback, the Newtons shifted their operations to Toronto, where they targeted a cash transport vehicle in broad daylight.Despite meticulously planning their Toronto heist, unforeseen events disrupted their execution, resulting in a narrow escape for the gang members. Undeterred, Willis resolved to abandon his criminal ways and become a legitimate businessman. However, his investment in an oil well turned sour and drained his finances, leaving him devastated. In his despair, he questioned his faith, convinced that God had thwarted his attempts to go straight.Desperate for redemption, Willis was easily drawn into another criminal venture: the robbery of a night-time train. Glasscock, once an expert with nitroglycerin, proved less proficient with a gun. In a moment of panic, he mistook Willis' brother, Dock Newton, for a guard and fatally shot him. Willis, driven by loyalty, sought medical attention for his wounded brother, inadvertently exposing their identities.In the end, all the Newton brothers are finally arrested and sentenced for their crimes. The once-notorious gang, driven by a misguided sense of justice and a thirst for financial security, met their bitter end within the confines of a prison.
1107	Beyond Rangoon (1995)	Drama	Andy Bowman persuades her sister Laura, who is a doctor, to go on a trip with her to Burma. Laura, whose husband and son were murdered, is deeply depressed. One night, unable to sleep due to nightmares, Laura leaves her Rangoon hotel and is caught up in an anti-government protest. She is impressed by the bravery of Aung San Suu Kyi.When her tour group leaves the country, Laura, whose passport was stolen, is unable to leave. While staying behind waiting for her new passport, she meets U Aung Ko, who acts as an unofficial tour guide and drives an ancient Chevy. He takes Laura to a Buddhist monastery. The car develops problems, but fortunately they are able to coast to where Ko's friends and former students are staying. Laura learns that Ko was a college professor banned from teaching because he supported anti-government activities led by his former student Min Han. Laura has a breakdown and tells Ko what happened to her family.The next morning, they learn that the 8888 Uprising began the previous day. Ko takes Laura to a station to get a train back to Rangoon. She sneaks on board, but the soldiers start beating Ko, and when Min Han intervenes, Han is shot and killed. Laura gets Ko into the car and they leave, pursued by the soldiers, but Ko is shot and wounded. They end up crashing into the Irrawaddy River, but manage to get away from the soldiers. They get on a raft taking bamboo to Rangoon. Laura, who is a doctor, operates on Ko to remove the bullet.The next day, the raft stops at a village. Laura goes to find drugs to treat Ko. She reluctantly accepts a pistol from one of the crew. At a clinic, Laura finds the drugs she needs, but has to shoot a soldier to keep from being raped. When they arrive in Rangoon, the city is in the throes of a full-scale revolt. When Laura attempts to get into the US embassy, the military tries to arrest her for helping Ko, but the student demonstrators rescue them. After they witness soldiers killing civilians, they are put on a truck heading for the border. Near the border, the group has to abandon their truck and make a run through the jungle. There they meet up with a group of Karen rebels. Laura has a dream where her son Danny tells her she has to let him go. Ko urges Laura to do so, telling her, "All things pass, Laura. They are shadows as we are shadows. Briefly walking the earth, and soon gone."The next day, Laura and her group of refugees make a harrowing river crossing into Thailand under mortar fire and reach a refugee camp. Having found a new purpose in life, Laura begins helping at the camp's hospital.
1108	Feast of July (1995)	Drama	The movie opens with Isabella Ford (Embeth Davidtz) travelling alone from Selmouth to Addisford on foot, and in an increasingly pathetic state. In a deserted cabin on the way, she gives birth to a stillborn baby. She buries it and continues her journey. Arriving in Addisford late in the evening, she meets lamplighter Ben Wainwright (Tom Bell), and enquires after a man named Arch Wilson (Greg Wise). Ben does not know him, but seeing her plight, takes her to his house. He instructs his wife (Gemma Jones) to get Bella washed up, and introduces his three children, Matty (Kenneth Anderson), Con (Ben Chaplin) and Jedd (James Purefoy). Matty, the youngest, is a shoemaker, Jedd is a soldier, and Con does not have a profession, but helps out with family chores. Bella is unable to eat any food offered her, but bursts into tears, and faints when she stands up to go to bed.After a restless night with Arch very much on her mind, Bella wakes up next morning, and from her window, sees Mr and Mrs. Wainwright seeing off Jedd, who is returning to the army. As Bella prepares to leave, Mrs. Wainwright enquires about her family and learns that Bella has nowhere to go. She tells her that she can stay, as long as she does her share of house  work. That evening, Bella takes a pair of shoes that she received as a present from Arch to Matty in order to alter them as they are too large. Matty tells her that it can't be done as they are "cheap Yankee" shoes, which comes as a surprise to Bella. Matty says he will make her a new pair. The next day, Bella leaves for Aylesburgh to fetch leather. Con secretly follows Bella and when confronted by her, asks her if she would like to come out with him sometime. Bella tells him that she has no mind to go out with anyone. Con asks her to forget what he said, and leaves.One day, after Jedd's arrival, he and Bella go for a walk in the woods, and Jedd flirts with her. That evening, Jedd and Ben go to the pub, and later, Arch drops off a drunken Jedd and Ben at their house, but drives off before Bella sees him. Jedd continues to flirt will Bella, much to Con's annoyance. The next day, crop harvest begins and the entire family goes to work in the fields. During a break, Jedd insists that Bella is not comfortable and picks her up and carries her to a shadier spot, in spite of Bella's polite protests. Jedd also forcefully offers her water and Con, who can't take it anymore, suddenly attacks Jedd with a scythe. Jedd retaliates with a rake. Mrs. Wainwright separates them. That night, at a party for all the villagers, Bella dances with each of the brothers in turn. After dancing with Con, Bella asks him why he fought Jedd, and  requests he watch his temper, as she does not want any troubles in the family which took her in.The next day, as Bella sees Jedd off at the station, she finds Arch there. She follows him home, only to  learn that he is married and has a child. She decides to leave Addisford, while Mrs. Wainwright agrees since she set her sons one against the other. When Con arrives home, he runs to the station and tries to persuade Bella to stay. Bella confesses that she had been with another man and tells about the baby. Con replies that he loves her and that her past does not matter. Bella returns home, but Mrs. Wainwright receives her coldly. Con and Bella attend a party where she runs into Arch, and she accuses him of lying to her. At breakfast the next day, Con suddenly proposes to Bella in front of his parents, and Bella accepts. Con takes Bella boating on the river, but there they encounter Arch, who makes fun of them. When the bullying gets worse, Con, in a fit of rage, kills Arch with a stone, in spite of Bella's attempts to stop him.Con and Bella flee Addisford. During the night they take refuge in a deserted house. Con is disgusted with himself and scared. Bella comforts him and professes her love for him, and they make love. The next day, they continue to Selmouth, en route for Dublin. In Selmouth, Con notices that Bella is acquainted with a lot of the men in town and he becomes suspicious of her. At one point, when he sees Bella talking to the captain of the boat, he has a vision of the captain and Bella kissing, laughing at him and him slapping Bella hard on the face. Following this, he tells Bella that he doesn't trust himself with her, and is going to turn himself in as he can't live with the guilt. He asks her to say goodbye. Bella protests violently, but nonetheless, he turns himself in.On the day of Con's execution, when Bella comes to visit him, she runs into his family. Mrs. Wainwright tries to attack her; but at the end of the visit they are overcome with emotion and hug each other. Con is hanged as Bella is on the train from Addisford. In the closing scene, Bella is standing on the boat deck, on her way to Dublin. She touches her stomach and smiles slightly to herself, which suggests that she is pregnant with Con's child.
1109	Death and the Maiden (1994)	Drama, Thriller	Paulina Escobar is a housewife married to a prominent lawyer, Gerardo, in an unnamed South American country, which is implied to be Chile. One day, a storm forces Gerardo to ride home with a charming stranger, Dr. Miranda, while the power at his home is cut. Paulina is convinced that Miranda was part of the old regime and that he tortured and raped her for weeks while she was blindfolded. She takes him captive to determine the truth. Despite attempts by both her husband and Miranda to convince her that he is innocent, Paulina is certain that he is guilty and forces her husband to act as Miranda's "attorney" in the "trial" she arranges for him.Miranda conspires with Gerardo to agree to a false confession, as Paulina states that this is all she wants in exchange for Miranda's life. They write up a false confession and present it to Paulina, but she becomes enraged and deems Miranda unrepentant, threatening to kill him. As Gerardo tries to stop her, Miranda gets hold of Paulina's gun and threatens to kill her if he is not freed. However, as he advances toward the door, the power in the house turns on, and Paulina hits him, regaining control.In a last-ditch effort to save his life, Miranda implores Gerardo to call the Spanish medical school where he claims to have been at the time of Paulina's rape. She leads him blindfolded out of the door to the edge of the cliff. Gerardo contacts the school, where Miranda's colleague seems to confirm the story. He races to inform Paulina, now convinced that Miranda is innocent. However, Paulina refuses to believe it, stating that doctors at that time created alibis to conceal their identities. Miranda finally tells them that he really was the doctor, that he enjoyed brutalizing Paulina, and that he was sorry that the old regime fell.Enraged, Gerardo attempts to throw Miranda from the cliff, only to realize he cannot bring himself to take a life. Paulina apparently accepts the confession, and they both leave Miranda on the cliff as he stares down at the water. The camera simulates someone falling off the cliff from his own point of view. In the final scene, Paulina and Gerardo are at the same concert where the film began with Miranda also present, looking down with his wife and sons. Paulina and Miranda cast uncomfortable glances at each other, and Miranda looks away. Miranda glances down at the couple again as the camera shows Gerardo glancing up towards the balcony at the now off-screen Miranda.
1110	Tank Girl (1995)	Action, Comedy, Musical, Sci-Fi	In the year 2033, after a decade-long global drought in the wake of a comet striking the Earth, the little remaining water is controlled by Kesslee (Malcolm McDowell) and his Water & Power (W&P) corporation, which subdues the population by monopolizing the water supply. Rebecca "Tank Girl" Buck (Lori Petty) is a member of a commune in the Australian outback that operates the last water well not controlled by the corporation. In an attack on the commune, W&P troops kill Tank Girl's boyfriend, Richard (Brian Wimmer), and capture Tank Girl and her young friend Sam (Stacy Linn Ramsower). Rather than killing her, Kesslee enslaves and tortures the defiant Tank Girl. Jet Girl (Naomi Watts), a talented but introverted jet mechanic who has given up trying to escape W&P, urges Tank Girl to make less trouble for their captors, though Tank Girl refuses. Among other forms of torture, W&P personnel push her down into a long pipe to induce claustrophobia.The mysterious Rippers slaughter guards at the W&P compound, then escape. Kesslee uses Tank Girl to lure the Rippers into the open, but they gravely wound him. Tank Girl and Jet Girl escape during the attack. Jet Girl steals a fighter jet from W&P, and Tank Girl steals a tank, which she modifies heavily. The girls learn from the eccentric Sub Girl (Ann Cusack) that Sam is working at a sex club called Liquid Silver. They infiltrate the club, rescue Sam from a pedophile, Rat Face (Iggy Pop), and then humiliate the club's owner, "The Madame" (Ann Magnuson), by making her sing Cole Porter's "Let's Do It" at gunpoint. W&P troops break up the performance and recapture Sam. Tank Girl and Jet Girl wander the desert and find the Rippers' hideout. They learn that the Rippers are supersoldiers created from human and kangaroo DNA by a man called Johnny Prophet. Tank Girl befriends a Ripper named Booga (Jeff Kober), while a Ripper named Donner (Scott Coffey) shows romantic interest in Jet Girl. Despite the objections of the Ripper T-Saint (Ice-T), who is suspicious of the girls, the Rippers' leader, Deetee (Reg E. Cathey), sends the pair out to capture a shipment of weapons. The girls bring the weapons crates back, though most are empty. After finding Johnny Prophet dead in one of the containers, the girls and the Rippers realize that W&P has tricked them.The girls and the Rippers sneak into W&P, where they are ambushed. Kesslee, whose body had been reconstructed by the cybernetic surgeon Che'tsai (James Hong), reveals that Tank Girl has unknowingly been bugged. Deetee sacrifices himself, damaging the generator, and in the darkness, the Rippers turn the tide of the battle. Jet Girl kills Sergeant Small (Don Harvey), who had earlier sexually harassed her. Kesslee reveals that Sam is in the pipe, her life endangered by rising water. Tank Girl kills Kesslee, then pulls Sam out of the pipe. The film ends with an animated sequence showing water starting to flow freely. Tank Girl drives down rapids, pulling Booga behind on water skis, then takes them over a waterfall, shouting for joy.
1111	Double Happiness (1994)	Drama	Jade Li is a witty Chinese-Canadian aspiring actress who lives at home with her traditional Chinese family, which includes her strict father, her dutiful mother, and younger sister Pearl. Jade and Pearl's older brother, Winston, has been disowned—a fate Jade is not eager to share, both for her own sake and to spare her family pain.Her family tries to put on the perfect public persona at all costs so as to maintain their dignity as well as uphold their traditional Chinese values. One primary part of this persona is prosperity. Jade's father hopes that true financial prosperity will become reality through penny stocks. Jade, meanwhile, tries to achieve that happy medium between giving in to her parents' wishes and fulfilling her own needs and desires - double happiness. Therefore, although she manages to land a few bit parts on camera, Jade spends most of her time working in the shop owned by a family friend, performing the duties of a respectful daughter and suffering through arranged dates with prosperous young Chinese men (Including one who is gay). An adept cultural chameleon, though, she also leads a double life, hanging out with best friend Lisa.While Jade is hanging out with her friend Lisa , she teases her about her boyfriend’s affinity with Asian decor exclaiming “Lisa, another rice king.”.  Lisa laughs pivoting to how she wants to move out to which Jade scoffs at. Later on that night, while out with Lisa, Jade ends up cast aside by the bouncer. She is dismayed as a guy named Mark attempts to flirt with her. She soon finds his attempts amusing asking him if he wants to take her home. They sleep together.The next morning, Jade leaves before Mark awakens to prevent her parents from discovering she was out all night. Unfortunately, her car breaks down requiring a tow causing her parents to discover her absence anyway. Her dad berates her, calling her irresponsible and restricting her to a curfew. She attempts to explain but is rebuffed. Her sister warns her to be more cautious, reflecting on Winston’s absence. Pearl asks Jade to help her change a grade on her report card from a ‘D’ to an ‘A’. She asks Jade if this is considered lying to which Jade replies “Then tell the truth.”The next day, Lisa stops by the shop confronting Jade on her true feelings about her family’s oppressive grip. To which Jade gives no answer. Shortly after, her father's childhood friend, Ah Hong, arrives for a visit.  Jade soon feels the pressure to juggle her competing identities even more carefully than usual, lest her choice of professions—and boyfriends—shame her father. Because of its instability, Jade's parents don't understand or widely publicize Jade's aspirations to be an actress. They ask her to lie about her profession as well as her father’s in order to impress his friend for the remainder of the visit. During this time, Jade continues seeing Mark in secret.Their main want for Jade is to date and marry a nice Chinese boy, a goal for which Jade's extended family also strives as they are always trying to introduce her to Chinese boys. Initially, they believe that the boy is Andrew, with who Jade even agrees to go out.While on the date, Andrew reveals he is gay to a relieved Jade as he describes hiding his identity and managing to only be set up once a year. But Jade, beyond wanting to be an actress, wishes her family had more western sensibilities when it came to dating.The next day she meets with Mark for a date. As he’s dropping Jade off they are caught kissing on the porch in front of her family and Ah Hong. Her dad is horrified that she is secretly dating a caucasian man and orders the family to move wordlessly inside the house abandoning the groceries. Mark peels away after witnessing the scene. Jade meets with Mark shortly after to tell him she can longer see him. Mark is devastated but Jade maintains her commitment is to her family.Jade auditions for a newscaster role but is turned down for not being Filipino. However, the casting director is impressed with her acting abilities and recommends her for a role by a Hong Kong film company. They are disappointed in Jade with the audition as she is unable to read the scripts which are only in Cantonese. The casting director berates her leaving her speechless.Some time after, Jade catches  Ah Hong on the phone with his secret family. He confides in Jade of an affair he had with a much younger maid resulting in a child. He confesses he is exhausted having to live this way. He laments on about the burden of living a double life and advises Jade that she would have to choose a path soon. The pressure soon comes to a head for Jade at a family dinner. As everyone is going around reflecting on memories, Jade tells the story of the time she was meeting her father again upon his return to America. She reflects stating “Do you need me dad?” He ignores her as Ah Hong chastises her father telling him “You’re supposed to tell her you need her.” Jade states she is moving out after this scene, as her father disapprovingly tell her to go. Jade moves out shortly after, as her father tells her to leave the house key stating she wouldn’t need it anymore.Jade sits in her new apartment, making a phone call to Mark confirming their hang out. She begins unpacking and hanging the curtains seeming hopeful.
1112	Cobb (1994)	Drama	In 1960, sportswriter Al Stump is hired as the ghostwriter for an authorized autobiography of baseball player Tyrus Raymond "Ty" Cobb. Now 74 and in failing health, Cobb wants an official biography to "set the record straight" before he dies. In addition, Stump will get to accompany Cobb at the annual Baseball Hall of Fame ceremony in Cooperstown, New York, where Cobb is due to be inducted.Stump arrives at Cobb's estate on Lake Tahoe, where he finds Cobb to be a continually-drunken, misanthropic and bitter racist who abuses everyone he comes in contact with. Even though Cobb's darker reputation was already a known secret by many, including Stump, the sportswriter is still shocked at the length of Cobb's behavior and ill temper when seen at face value. Although Cobb's home is luxurious, it is without heat, power, and running water due to long-running violent disputes between Cobb and utility companies. Cobb also rapidly runs through domestic workers, hiring and firing them in quick succession. Although Cobb is seriously ill and prone to frequent physical breakdowns, including sexual impotence, he retains considerable strength and also keeps several loaded firearms within easy reach at almost all times, making the outbreak of violent confrontation a constant possibility. Stump finds himself butting heads with Cobb from the first day of the job, when the two men differ on the structure of the book, with Cobb wanting to emphasize his self-proclaimed greatness, while Stump argues that Cobb can't call himself great, but needs to rely on others proclaiming his greatness.Before heading for Cooperstown, Cobb plans a quick trip for him and Stump to Reno for fun. Cobb almost gets killed in an automobile accident off the Donner Pass, driving recklessly in a blizzard. Stump rescues him, but Cobb then seizes control of Stump's car until he gets into another accident. The car has to be towed to Reno. There, Stump and Cobb see a show at a resort hotel featuring Keely Smith and Louis Prima, whose act Cobb rudely interrupts.One morning, Cobb comes into Stump's hotel room and looks at some notes Stump had written that decry the ballplayer as "pathetic" and "lost in the past". In a rage, Cobb argues with Stump that people aren't interested in Cobb's personal issues. Only his achievements as a great player are important. He then gleefully reveals that Stump's agents agreed, behind the writer's back, to allow Cobb final editorial approval on his book, breaking the standard clause Stump has in his contract. Despite Cobb's preferred vision for the book, the player does start opening up to Stump about the pivotal event of his life, the death of his father by his mother, which he tells Stump was a result of his dad's jealous personality.A cigarette girl, Ramona, becomes interested in Stump, but when Cobb barges into the hotel room, he's in a jealous rage. He knocks Stump out and takes Ramona to another room, where he physically abuses her, while still failing to achieve sexual arousal. Stump comes to just in time to see Ramona storm out of Cobb's room, viciously mocking the player as "Georgia trash." Horrified with what he's seen of Cobb since meeting him, Stump decides to focus on writing the true story of Cobb, instead of Cobb's intended version.Aware of Cobb's editorial approval, Stump writes two books concurrently, the one Cobb expects ("My Life in Baseball") and a sensational, merciless account that will reveal the real Cobb, warts and all. Stump continues writing notes for the expose on different forms of hotel stationery, including hotel napkins which he hides. Stump then places the typewritten pages of "My Life in Baseball" on his workspace for Cobb to see and approve. Stump plans to complete Cobb's version while the old man is still alive, guaranteeing his payment for the project without violating Cobb's approval clause, and letting Cobb die happy. Stump will then issue the hard-hitting follow-up after Cobb is gone.As Cobb and Stump resume the road trip, the two work on Cobb's book during the day, while Stump works on his book late at night, as Cobb sleeps. Stump soon goes from just being Cobb's ghostwriter to a general caretaker for the player, making sure Ty takes his various medications during the trip. Stump is amazed by the ill Cobb seeming to maintain some vitality despite his various ailments, which include cancer.Cobb and Stump finally reach the Hall of Fame's induction weekend in Cooperstown, New York, where many star players from Cobb's era are in attendance, including Rogers Hornsby and Mickey Cochrane. In the runup to the dinner, Stump learns that Cobb has secretly been financially helping some old former teammates who have been struggling, which further shows layers to Cobb's person. During the Hall of Fame dinner, A hallucinating Cobb becomes haunted by images from his violent past as he views film footage of his career. Despite publicly honoring Cobb, many of the same players attending the dinner block Cobb out of their private hotel afterparties, having been fed up with his bad behavior. From Cooperstown, Cobb and Stump drive south to Cobb's native Georgia, where his estranged daughter refuses to see him, which Cobb later tells Stump is the same case with the rest of his surviving children and his ex-wives.Continuing to write his dual accounts, Stump starts drinking heavily himself as he realizes that by doing his secret book and Cobb's book concurrently, Stump was becoming what Cobb, for all his faults, wasn't: a liar.Despite still seeing Cobb as a man who treats people like dirt, Stump gains a grudging respect for the player's legendary intensity, competitive fire, and no-holds-barred honesty about his reputation as a tough player, taking pride in how hated he was by fellow players and even spectators. Cobb, in turn, begins to regard Stump as a friend of sorts; it is clear his conduct has driven away virtually all his legitimate friends and family. Having mockingly called Al "Al-imony" in reference to the writer's impending divorce, Cobb helps Stump finally accept that his marriage is over. Cobb also continues to open up more about his father's death, which Stump realizes was partly responsible for Cobb's antagonistic personality, despite the player's denials. Cobb finally reveals to Stump that his father's murder was not committed by his mother, as he had earlier told Stump, but by his mother's lover.After a long night of drinking, Stump passes out. Cobb accidentally discovers Stump's notes for the no-punches-pulled version, bringing on an epic explosion.As he aims his pistol in his mouth to kill himself, Cobb begins to seriously cough up blood and is taken to a hospital. Stump, waking up to discover Cobb saw the notes and knows the truth, finds Cobb at the hospital wielding a gun and treating doctors and nurses as harshly as he has everyone else. Cobb begrudgingly gives Stump his blessing to continue with the warts-and-all version. He even admits he respects the sportswriter for managing to "beat" him, in a sense, by fooling Cobb about his real intentions. Cobb's parting request to the sportswriter is to remember, "The desire for glory is not a sin."Stump completes his twin books by the time Cobb passes away on July 17, 1961. As Cobb is buried alongside his parents, Stump, in voiceover, reveals that he ended up publishing the glowing autobiography Cobb hired him to write, instead of the real story.
1113	Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle (1994)	Drama	During the Prohibition era in the United States, the Algonquin Hotel is a hub for the "Vicious Circle," a group of intellectuals. Among them is Dorothy Parker, a successful writer. Dealing with a troubled marriage to a drug addict, she finds solace in the genuine friendship of Robert Benchley, a colleague at Vanity Fair. The "Vicious Circle" successfully stages an improvisational theatrical performance, leading Dorothy to cross paths with Charles MacArthur. Their relationship results in abandonment and an abortion, further shaping her sharp and skeptical character.Amidst depression, Dorothy attempts suicide, but Robert intervenes, choosing not to pursue a romantic involvement due to fear of potential heartbreak. Without the prospect of love, Dorothy and Robert navigate separate paths, seeking solace in different relationships and experiences. In 1945, Dorothy discovers Robert's death from cirrhosis of the liver, adding another layer of hardship. Attempts at psychoanalysis fail to alleviate the darkness within her. In 1958, aged and increasingly isolated in New York, she receives a significant literary award.
1114	Faithful (1996)	Comedy	On her twentieth wedding anniversary, Maggie receives a diamond necklace and a price on her head; both from her husband, Jack. While waiting for the signal, all the way from Connecticut, to do the murder, the hitman Tony starts bonding with Maggie instead. Later, Jack shows up himself, complicating the entire situation.
1115	Twelfth Night (1996)	Comedy, Drama, Romance	On Twelfth Night, Viola (Imogen Stubbs) and Sebastian (Steven Mackintosh) are young twins who are performing on a ship and use their likeness to tease their audiences. During their journey, they are caught in a storm, shipwrecked and separated. Viola and other survivors end up on the shore of Illyria. A devastated Viola believes her brother dead. She later takes his appearance to join the court of the local Duke Orsino (Toby Stephens). The young woman has her long, beautiful hair cut by the sailor, conceals her breasts, and dresses like a boy. After that, Viola becomes a page, using the name "Cesario".Orsino is madly infatuated with Countess Olivia (Helena Bonham Carter), who is in mourning due to her brother's recent death. She uses the tragedy as an excuse to avoid seeing the Duke, whom she does not love. He sends "Cesario" to do his wooing and Olivia falls in love with the messenger, unaware of "Cesario"'s real gender. Realising Olivia's feelings for her alter ego, Viola is caught in even more of a quandary in that she is in love with Orsino.Meanwhile, elements of Olivia's household plot against her pompous steward Malvolio (Nigel Hawthorne) by tricking him into believing that Olivia loves him. (Malvolio even wears a toupée to appear younger than he is.) His attempts to woo her, however, are met with bewilderment by Olivia who has him committed, where he is subjected to further humiliations by Maria (Imelda Staunton), Feste (Ben Kingsley) and Sir Toby Belch (Mel Smith).Sir Toby, Olivia's uncle and a notorious drunk, is also trying to encourage his friend, the idiotic Sir Andrew Aguecheek (Richard E. Grant) to court Olivia, but she purposely ignores him. Sir Toby pushes Sir Andrew into challenging "Cesario" to a duel, which goes very badly for Aguecheek.Furthermore, Viola's twin, Sebastian, has in fact survived the wreck and has also arrived in Illyria, accompanied by Antonio (Nicholas Farrell), who saved him from drowning. Antonio, who has "many enemies in Orsino's court", is forced to flee when he is recognised and comes across "Cesario", whom he mistakes for Sebastian, and is outraged when "Cesario" fails to help him out.Arriving at her estate, Sebastian meets Olivia, who, mistaking him for "Cesario", talks him into marrying her. When he learns of this, Orsino is furious and dismisses his page, whom he had made a friend and confidante. However, the matter is soon cleared up when Sebastian and "Cesario" come face-to-face and the latter reveals her real nature and identity of Viola. Orsino marries Viola.The film ends with both couples holding a party to celebrate their marriages, while the supporting players, including the humiliated Sir Andrew and Malvolio, leave the estate with their heads held high and Feste sings his song, "The Wind and the Rain".
1116	Mark of Zorro, The (1940)	Adventure	Don Diego Vega is urgently called home by his father. To all outward appearances, he is the foppish son of a wealthy ranchero, the former alcalde Don Alejandro Vega, having returned to Alta California, Mexico, after his military education in Spain.Don Diego is horrified at the way the common people are mistreated by the corrupt new alcalde, Luis Quintero. Don Diego quickly adopts the guise of El Zorro ("The Fox"), a masked outlaw dressed entirely in black, who becomes the defender of the common people and a champion for justice against the uncaring Quintero and his garrison of brutish soldiers.In the meantime, he romances the alcalde's beautiful and innocent niece, Lolita, whom he grows to love. As part of his plan, Don Diego simultaneously flirts with the alcalde's wife Inez, filling her head with tales of fashion and culture while nurturing her desire to finally get rid of her cruel husband.In both his guises, Don Diego must always contend with the governor's most capable henchman, the malevolent and deadly Captain Esteban Pasquale. When the current situation comes to a head, he eventually dispatches the captain during a fast-moving rapier duel-to-the-death, as the alcalde looks on in astonishment. This action leads to a forced regime change with the help of the people of Los Angeles, the other landowners, and his father, and though Quintero is defeated, Zorro continues to fight for justice and the common people against the greedy and wicked.
1117	Surviving Picasso (1996)	Drama	The young artist Françoise Gilot meets Picasso in Le Petit Benoit, a little Left Bank bistro, during Nazi-occupied Paris, where Picasso invites her and her friend to visit him at his home and studio at 7 Rue des Grands-Augustins. After doing so and flirting with Picasso she decides to become a painter against her father's wishes. Françoise is beaten by her father after telling him she wants to be a painter, rather than a lawyer. Picasso encourages her to paint and a love affair develops between them and she eventually moves in with him, even as Picasso is shown as often not caring about other people's feelings, firing his driver after a long period of service, and as a womanizer, saying that he can sleep with whomever he wants. We see other scenes of seduction, quarrels, and selfishness, but Picasso and Françoise have two children and move to the South of France near Cannes, but problems persist. In addition to Françoise, the film depicts several of the women who were important in Picasso's life, such as Olga Khokhlova, Dora Maar, Marie-Thérèse Walter, and Jacqueline Roque. The film ends when Françoise leaves Picasso over his coldness and his growing relationship with Jacqueline Roque, who moves in with Picasso and replaces her.
1118	Up in Smoke (1978)	Comedy	Anthony "Man" Stoner, an unemployed, marijuana-smoking drummer, is told to either get a job by sundown or be sent off to military school by his parents. Man leaves the house and later becomes stranded on the highway. Man is picked up while hitchhiking by the equally enthusiastic stoner Pedro de Pacas, and the two share a large joint, which is revealed to contain Labrador feces after the dog ate Man's supply. When Pedro freaks out and seems to have trouble breathing, Man accidentally gives him an extremely powerful dose of LSD. The police find their car parked on a traffic median with them in it, discover that they are high and arrest them. At trial, the pair are released on a technicality after Man discovers that the judge is drinking vodka.In an attempt to procure more marijuana, they visit Pedro's cousin Strawberry, a Vietnam War veteran. During the party, a lady snorts a couple of lines of Ajax set up by Man, under the presumption it was cocaine, despite Man trying to warn her. They narrowly escape a police raid on Strawberry's house while Strawberry has a flashback and thinks the police are the Viet Cong, but are soon deported to Tijuana, by the INS, along with Pedro's relatives, who actually called the INS on themselves, so they could get a free ride to a wedding in Tijuana.In order to get back to the United States, they arrange to pick up a vehicle from Pedro's uncle's upholstery shop, but arrive at the wrong address: a marijuana processing plant disguised as an upholstery shop. They end up unknowingly involved in a plot to smuggle a van constructed completely out of "fiberweed" (hardened THC resin derived from marijuana - a play on the word fiberglass) from Mexico to Los Angeles, with an inept police narcotics unit led by the insane and anti-drug Sergeant Stedenko hot on their trail. At the Mexican–American border, they almost get arrested, but attention is diverted to a group of nuns (into whose car Man had thrown his joint unintentionally to avoid getting arrested). The duo then cross the border into America as Stedenko finds out from his unit that they have apprehended the wrong group. Stedenko realizes that Pedro and Man’s van is their target, and begin a pursuit; however, one of Stedenko's men shoots out one of their own tires due to incompetence, abruptly ending the chase.Pedro and Man pick up two hitchhiking women who convince them to perform at a Battle of the Bands contest at the Roxy Theatre. After narrowly avoiding arrest by a motorcycle cop who had gotten high off fumes from the “fiberweed” van, they arrive at the venue to find that most of the bands performing are being negatively received by the audience, which causes Man to freak out. One of the women gives Man what she believes is an "upper", but mistakenly gives him the wrong drugs and leaves Man feeling weak. The duo's band, Alice Bowie, win over the audience, including the cops, who get stoned due to a large amount of marijuana smoke from the burning van being funneled into the venue. The pair win the contest and a recording contract. Outside, a defeated Stedenko is upset at the fact that he and his unit are stoned, and gives in to the munchies.The film concludes with Pedro and Man driving in the former's car and dreaming how their future career will pay off. Man then lights a small portion of hash and gives some to Pedro. However, it falls into his lap, causing him to panic and swerve the car while trying to put it out; Man attempts to put the hash out with his beer. During the scuffle, the car swerves down the road and smoke billows out the windows.
1119	Some Kind of Wonderful (1987)	Drama, Romance	The film is set against the strict social hierarchy of an American public high school in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles. Blue-collar mechanic and aspiring artist Keith Nelson is best friends with tomboy drummer Watts. Keith's father, Cliff, is obsessed with sending him to college for business, as he would be the first in their family to go.Keith is enamored with Amanda Jones, one of the most popular girls in school, and he spends much of his time drawing her. She is dating Hardy Jenns, a spoiled and selfish boy from a wealthy neighborhood. However, Amanda herself is not wealthy: she lives in the same working-class district as Watts and Keith, and she borrows her fashionable clothes from her friends. Hardy treats Amanda as his "property" while also fooling around with another girl.Watts is dismissive of Keith's crush, saying that he and Amanda are too different. Hearing that Amanda will be in detention for the foreseeable future, Keith gets himself in trouble to spend time with her. However, she talks her way out of it, and he is stuck with the school criminals, eventually making friends with troublemaker Duncan (a cool Punk Rock youth).When Amanda breaks up with Hardy, Keith asks her out. Mainly to spite Hardy, Amanda accepts. Meanwhile, seeing them together makes Watts realize that she loves Keith as more than just a friend. She pretends to like another boy to try and make Keith jealous, and she continues to discourage him from being with Amanda, to no avail. Keith's popularity around school begins to increase once word spreads of his upcoming date with Amanda, whereas Amanda's popularity quickly declines.Hardy plots trouble for Keith by inviting him and Amanda to a party after their date, where he plans to have him beaten up. Through his sister Laura, Keith finds out about the scheme and believes Amanda is a part of it. He decides to go to the party anyway and face Hardy.Amanda's wealthy and popular “friends” start to shun her for leaving Hardy, and Keith attempts to plan the perfect date to prove he is worthy of Amanda. With Watts in tow, he uses his college money to buy a pair of diamond earrings, rent an expensive car, and take Amanda to a posh restaurant. Watts tells him that she will appreciate a good kisser, so she kisses Keith under the guise of teaching him how to do it. Still, Keith is oblivious to her attraction to him. When Cliff discovers the college fund has been emptied, he is livid, but Keith ultimately convinces his father to respect his right to make his own decisions.On the night of the date, Keith picks up Amanda, with Watts serving as their chauffeur. They go to an expensive restaurant for dinner, however they initially argue. Then, Keith brings Amanda to an art museum and shows her a painting he did of her. He gives her the earrings, and they kiss while Watts watches them from a distance.Finally, they go to Hardy's party. Keith is about to get beaten by Hardy's friends when Duncan and his school buddies arrive to help him. Hardy tries to talk his way out of the predicament, exposing himself as a coward in front of the party guests. Amused, Keith tells him he is "over," after which Amanda slaps Hardy twice.After they leave the party, Watts apologizes to Amanda. Watts then leaves them and starts to walk home in tears. Amanda suddenly realizes that Keith and Watts have feelings for each other. She gives the earrings back to Keith and urges him to go after Watts.Keith, realizing that he is in love with his best friend, bids Amanda goodbye. He catches up to Watts, and they kiss. He then gives the earrings to her. She is delighted and admits that she wanted them. When she puts them on and asks Keith how they look, he replies, "You look good wearing my future."
1120	I'm Not Rappaport (1996)	Comedy	Inspired by two elderly men Gardner met in New York City's Central Park, the play focuses on Nat Moyer, a feisty Jew, and Midge Carter, a cantankerous African-American, who spend their days sitting on a bench. They both mask the realities of aging, sharing tall tales that Nat spins. The play touches on several issues, including society's treatment of the aging, the difficulties dealing with adult children who think they know what's best for their parents, and the dangers that lurk in urban areas.Its title comes from an old vaudeville joke, a variation of which evolved into dialogue between the two protagonists:Nat: Hey, Rappaport! I haven't seen you in ages. How have you been?Midge: I'm not Rappaport.Nat: Rappaport, what happened to you? You used to be a short fat guy, and now you're a tall skinny guy.Midge: I'm not Rappaport.Nat: Rappaport, you used to be a young guy with a beard, and now you're an old guy with a mustache.Midge: I'm not Rappaport.Nat: Rappaport, how has this happened? You used to be a cowardly little white guy, and now you're a big imposing black guy.Midge: I'm not Rappaport.Nat: And you changed your name, too!
1121	Umbrellas of Cherbourg, The (Parapluies de Cherbourg, Les) (1964)	Drama, Musical	The Umbrellas of Cherbourg (French: Les Parapluies de Cherbourg) is a 1964 musical romantic drama film written and directed by Jacques Demy, with music by Michel Legrand. Catherine Deneuve and Nino Castelnuovo star as two young lovers in the French city of Cherbourg, separated by circumstance. The film's dialogue is entirely sung as recitative, including casual conversation, and is sung-through like some operas and stage musicals. It has been seen as the second of an informal tetralogy of Demy films that share some of the same actors, characters, and overall atmosphere of romantic melancholy, coming after Lola (1961) and before The Young Girls of Rochefort (1967) and Model Shop (1969). The French-language film was a co-production between France and West Germany. The Umbrellas of Cherbourg won the Palme d'Or at the 1964 Cannes Film Festival. In the United States, it was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Best Foreign-Language Film, Best Original Screenplay (Demy), Best Original Score (Demy and Legrand), and Best Original Song for the film's main theme, "I Will Wait for You". It was later adapted into an English-language stage musical. In 2018, a BBC Culture critics' poll ranked the film in the Top 100 Greatest Non-English Films of All Time.
1122	They Made Me a Criminal (1939)	Crime, Drama	Johnnie Bradfield is a southpaw world champion boxer falsely accused of murder, after his manager strikes and accidentally kills a reporter who plans to report on Bradfield's confession that he is not really a teetotaler devoted to his mother, but a drinker and high-liver. At his manager's advice, Bradfield disappears and is presumed dead. The manager steals Bradfield's money and girlfriend and flees; they were the only witnesses who could have exonerated him, but they die in an automobile accident, pursued by the police. Detective Monty Phelan, a coroner living under a cloud because he once mistakenly sent someone to the electric chair, believes that Johnnie is still alive and hasn't given up on searching for him. Johnnie, meanwhile, is hiding out on the feisty Grandma Rafferty's farm in Arizona. There, he meets with some juvenile delinquents, who are under the guardianship of Tommy's sister Peggy.Johnnie, using the fake name of Jack Dorney, takes Tommy under his wing and encourages him to go in business for himself by buying a gas pump for the farm. He helps the kids raise money by returning to the boxing ring for a match against an up-and-coming boxer. Johnnie sees Phelan arriving at the fight and decides not to fight, disappointing the kids and Peggy. However his determination to help the kids overcomes him and he decides to fight. He tries to hide who he really is by not using his trademark stance in the ring, but not being a good right-handed fighter, he is on the verge of losing. Because of this, Johnnie reveals who he really is, but he still is defeated in the fifth round, though earning thousands of dollars to help Tommy buy the gas pump. He surrenders to Phelan, assuming he will be arrested, but at the last moment, the detective allows him to remain in Arizona instead of returning to New York.
1123	Last Time I Saw Paris, The (1954)	Drama	As World War II ends in Europe, Stars and Stripes journalist Charles Wills takes to the streets of Paris to cover the celebrations. He is suddenly grabbed by a beautiful woman who kisses him and disappears. Charles follows the crowd to Café Dhingo and meets another pretty woman named Marion Ellswirth. She invites him to join her father's celebration of the end of the war. Charles, Marion and her French suitor Claude Matine arrive at the Ellswirth household, where Charles discovers that the woman who had kissed him is Marion's younger sister Helen.Marion and Helen's father James had survived World War I and promptly joined the Lost Generation and raised his daughters to desire a similar lifestyle. Helen uses her beauty to sustain a life of luxury, even though they are broke. Marion looks for serious-minded and conventional young men such as Claude, an aspiring prosecutor, and Charles, the future novelist.Charles and Helen start dating and fall in love. After Helen recovers from pneumonia, they marry and settle in Paris. Helen gives birth to a daughter named Vickie. Marion, having lost Charles to Helen, marries Claude. Charles struggles to make ends meet with his meager salary, unsuccessfully works on his novels and looks after Vickie.The barren oil fields in Texas that James had bought years before begin to produce. Charles, to whom James had given the oil fields as a dowry, quits his job, and Helen and James begin to host parties. Sudden wealth changes Helen, who becomes more responsible, and Charles parties his wealth away after quitting his newspaper job and having all of his novels rejected by publishers. They also each start to pursue other interests: Helen flirts with handsome tennis player Paul Lane and Charles competes in a Monte Carlo-to-Paris race. After the race, Charles returns to Paris to find Helen in Café Dhingo with Paul. After the men fight, Charles returns home and engages the chain on the door. When Helen comes home and cannot enter, she walks to her sister's home in the snow and rain, catches pneumonia again and dies.Marion is awarded full custody of Vickie and Charles returns home to America. A few years later, having published a book and stopped drinking excessively, Charles returns to Paris to persuade Marion to give Vickie to him. Marion refuses, still resentful because he had fallen for Helen instead of her and for his involvement in Helen's death. Claude tells Marion that she is punishing Charles for not realizing that Marion loved him and marrying Helen.Marion visits Café Dhingo, where Charles is gazing at a large painting of Helen. Marion and tells him that Helen would not have wanted him to be alone. Outside the cafe, Claude is with Vickie, who runs to be with Charles.
1124	Farewell to Arms, A (1932)	Romance, War	On the Italian front during World War I, Lieutenant Frederic Henry is an American serving as an ambulance driver with the Italian Army. While carousing with his friend, Italian captain Rinaldi, a bombing raid takes place. Frederic meets English Red Cross nurse Catherine Barkley in a dark stairway. Frederic is inebriated and makes a poor first impression on Catherine and her friend Fergie.At a concert, Catherine reveals that she had been engaged to a soldier who was killed in battle. Frederic tries to kiss her and she slaps him, but soon after, she asks him to kiss her again. He seduces her and tells her that he loves her.Before departing for the front, Frederic tells Catherine that he will survive the battle unscathed. Catherine gives him her St. Anthony medal. However, Rinaldi had orchestrated the separation. Catherine is transferred to Milan.At the front, Frederic is badly wounded by an artillery shell. He is sent to a hospital in Milan where Catherine rushes to his bed to embrace him. A priest performs an unofficial wedding for Frederic and Catherine. Months later, Fergie admonishes them for marrying and warns Frederic that she will kill him if Catherine becomes pregnant. Back at the hospital, Frederic is informed that his convalescent leave has been canceled. While waiting for his train, Catherine tells Frederic that she is scared of each of them dying. He promises that he will always return. Later, Catherine reveals to Fergie that she is pregnant and that she is traveling to Switzerland to give birth.While apart, Catherine writes letters to Frederic, never revealing her pregnancy. In Turin, Rinaldi tries to entice Frederic to have some fun, but Frederic is intent on writing to Catherine. Rinaldi secretly ensures that all of Catherine's letters are returned to her without reaching Frederic. The hospital at Milan also returns Frederic's letters. He deserts and travels to Milan to find Catherine. In Milan, Frederic finds Fergie, who refuses to tell him anything other than that Catherine was pregnant and has gone. Rinaldi reveals to Frederic that Catherine is going to have a baby and that she is in Brissago, apologizing for his part in keeping the lovers apart.While Frederic is rushing to Brissago, Catherine is taken to a hospital as the time of birth is near. Frederic arrives as Catherine undergoes a Caesarean section. After the operation, a surgeon tells Frederic that the baby boy was stillborn. When Catherine regains consciousness, she and Frederic plan their future, but she fears that she will die. Frederic tells her that they can never really be parted. She dies in Frederic's arms as the sun rises. Frederic lifts her body and turns slowly toward the window sobbing, "Peace, Peace."
1125	Innocents, The (1961)	Thriller	Miss Giddens applies for her first job as a governess. The wealthy bachelor uncle who interviews her is unconcerned with her lack of experience. He values his freedom to travel and socialise and unabashedly confesses that he has "no room, mentally or emotionally" for his niece and nephew. They were orphaned and left in his care as infants, and he keeps them at Bly, his large country estate. The previous governess, Mary Jessel, died suddenly less than a year ago. All he cares about is that Miss Giddens accept full responsibility for the children, never troubling him with whatever problems may arise.At Bly, Miss Giddens is instantly taken with Flora, the niece. She also forges a friendship with Mrs Grose, the kindly housekeeper. The boy, Miles, is away at boarding school, but soon returns to Bly after being expelled from school for being a "bad influence" on his peers. Mrs Grose says she cannot imagine Miles misbehaving, and when Miss Giddens meets the boy herself, she too thinks his teachers must have exaggerated. He seems charming and mature – though perhaps too mature, with flirtatious flattery towards his governess.Miss Giddens soon grows disturbed by the children's occasional odd behaviours and secretiveness, and is bothered by disembodied voices and apparitions of a man and woman she witnesses in the house and grounds, whom Mrs Grose identifies from their descriptions as Miss Jessel and the uncle's valet, Peter Quint, also dead. Mrs Grose also reluctantly reveals that the two had been in a relationship. Miss Giddens concludes that the ghosts of Quint and Miss Jessel possess the bodies of the children so they can physically continue their relationship. She is determined to rescue them from this possession, first planning to break her promise to their uncle and write to him, but she is thwarted by a weeping apparition of Miss Jessel in the schoolroom. She then sends Mrs Grose and Flora to him in London.Left alone with Miles, Miss Giddens presses him to talk about the ghosts, and about why he was expelled from school. Initially, Miles is glib and evasive, but he eventually admits that he frightened the other boys with violence and vulgar language. She enjoins him to say who taught him this language and behaviour. Miles suddenly begins yelling obscene insults and laughing maniacally, and Quint's face appears in the window behind him, joining in the boy's laughter. Miles then runs outside; Miss Giddens follows, begging him to "say his name." Quint appears on a hedge nearby, but Miles does not seem to see him. He finally shouts Quint's name, and Quint waves his hand. Miles grows still and falls to the ground. Miss Giddens cradles him and assures him that he is free. She then realises that Miles is dead. Sobbing, she leans over him and kisses him on the lips.
1126	Old Man and the Sea, The (1958)	Adventure, Drama	The Old Man in the film is Santiago, a Cuban fisherman who has gone 84 days without a catch. His only friend is a 14-year-old boy named Manolin, who has been barred by his father from accompanying the Old Man out to sea. On the Old Man's 85th day out, he finally hooks a huge marlin, which he then tries to haul in from far out past shore. For three days and nights he battles the fish, which is portrayed in the film (as it had been in Hemingway's novella) as a trial of mental and physical courage that becomes the ultimate test for him of his worth as a man. He triumphs spiritually, though sharks devour all but the bones of the fish.
1127	Truman Show, The (1998)	Drama	Selected at birth and legally adopted by a television studio following an unwanted pregnancy, Truman Burbank is the unsuspecting star of The Truman Show, a reality television program filmed and broadcast worldwide, 24/7, through hidden cameras.Truman's hometown, Seahaven Island, is set inside an enormous soundstage in Los Angeles, which allows Christof, the show's creator and executive producer, to control most aspects of Truman's life. Truman's world is populated by actors and crew members who serve as his community while keeping him from discovering the truth. To prevent Truman from escaping, Christof has orchestrated various scenarios, such as the "death" of Truman's father in a boating accident to instill  fear of the sea, and has the cast reinforce Truman's anxieties with messages about the dangers of traveling and the virtues of staying home.Though the producers intend for Truman to fall in love with and marry a woman named Meryl, he develops feelings for Sylvia, an extra. Sympathetic to Truman's plight, she tries to tell him the truth but is fired and removed from the set. Truman marries Meryl, but their relationship is stilted and passionless, and he imagines a life with Sylvia and dreams of traveling to Fiji, where he was told she had moved. Meanwhile, in the real world, Sylvia joins "Free Truman", an activist group that calls for Truman's liberation.As the show approaches its thirtieth anniversary, Truman notices unusual occurrences, such as a stage light falling from the sky, an isolated patch of rain that falls only over him, a radio transmission describing his movements, and the reappearance of his father, who is rushed away by crew members before Truman can confront him. Inferring that the city revolves around him, Truman questions his life and asks his closest confidants to help him solve the mystery.Truman's suspicions culminate in an attempt to escape the island, but increasingly implausible occurrences block his path. Eventually, he is caught and returned home under a flimsy pretext. There, he confronts Meryl and challenges the sincerity of their marriage. As he holds her hostage, Meryl breaks character to call for help and is removed from the show.Hoping to bring Truman back to a controllable state, Christof reintroduces his father to the show under the guise of him having developed amnesia following the accident. The show regains its ratings, and Truman seems to return to his routines. One night, however, Christof discovers that Truman has begun sleeping in his basement. Disturbed by this change in behavior, Christof sends Truman's best friend Marlon to visit and discovers that Truman has disappeared through a makeshift tunnel in the basement. Christof suspends the broadcast for the first time in its history, leading to record viewing numbers.Truman is found sailing away from Seahaven, having conquered his fear of water. Christof resumes the transmission and creates a violent storm in an attempt to capsize Truman's boat. Truman nearly drowns but continues to sail until his boat strikes the wall of the soundstage. There he finds a staircase leading to an exit door. As he contemplates leaving, Christof speaks to Truman, revealing the truth about the show and encouraging him to stay by claiming that there is no more truth in the real world than in his artificial one. Truman utters his catchphrase – "In case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night" – before bowing to the audience and exiting. Viewers around the world celebrate Truman's escape, and Sylvia races to greet him. The executive producers end the program with a shot of the open exit door, leaving Christof devastated. After the broadcast ends, Truman's viewers look for something else to watch.
1128	Heidi Fleiss: Hollywood Madam (1995) 	Documentary	Heidi Lynne Fleiss (born December 30, 1965) is an American former madam. She ran an upscale prostitution ring based in Los Angeles and is often referred to as the "Hollywood Madam". Fleiss also formerly worked as a columnist and was a television personality regularly featured in the 1990s American media.
1129	Chungking Express (1994)	Drama, Mystery, Romance	Chungking Express is a 1994 Hong Kong anthology crime comedy-drama film written and directed by Wong Kar-wai. The film consists of two stories told in sequence, each about a lovesick Hong Kong policeman mulling over his relationship with a woman. The first story stars Takeshi Kaneshiro as a cop obsessed by his breakup with a woman named May and his encounter with a mysterious drug smuggler (Brigitte Lin). The second stars Tony Leung as a police officer roused from his gloom over the loss of his flight attendant girlfriend (Valerie Chow) by the attentions of a quirky snack bar worker (Faye Wong). "Chungking" in the title refers to Chungking Mansions in Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong, a place with a reputation as Hong Kong's dark underbelly, rife with crime, sex, and drugs. "Express" refers to the food stand Midnight Express in Lan Kwai Fong, an area in Central, Hong Kong. The film premiered in Hong Kong on 14 July 1994 and received critical acclaim, especially for its direction, cinematography, and performances. Since then it has been regarded as one of Wong's finest works, one of the best films of 1994, of the 1990s, of the 20th century, and of all time, as well as one of the best anthology films and romantic comedies ever made. In 2022, the film appeared at number 88 on the decennial Sight and Sound critics' poll of the greatest films of all time.
1130	Jupiter's Wife (1994)	Documentary	In ancient Roman religion and mythology, Jupiter (Latin: Iūpiter or Iuppiter, from Proto-Italic *djous "day, sky" + *patēr "father", thus "sky father" Greek: Δίας or Ζεύς), also known as Jove (nom. and gen. Iovis [ˈjɔwɪs]), was the god of the sky and thunder, and king of the gods. Jupiter was the chief deity of Roman state religion throughout the Republican and Imperial eras, until Christianity became the dominant religion of the Empire. In Roman mythology, he negotiates with Numa Pompilius, the second king of Rome, to establish principles of Roman religion such as offering, or sacrifice. Jupiter is thought to have originated as a sky god. His identifying implement is the thunderbolt and his primary sacred animal is the eagle, which held precedence over other birds in the taking of auspices and became one of the most common symbols of the Roman army (see Aquila). The two emblems were often combined to represent the god in the form of an eagle holding in its claws a thunderbolt, frequently seen on Greek and Roman coins. As the skygod, he was a divine witness to oaths, the sacred trust on which justice and good government depend. Many of his functions were focused on the Capitoline Hill, where the citadel was located. In the Capitoline Triad, he was the central guardian of the state with Juno and Minerva. His sacred tree was the oak. The Romans regarded Jupiter as the equivalent of the Greek Zeus, and in Latin literature and Roman art, the myths and iconography of Zeus are adapted under the name Jupiter. In the Greek-influenced tradition, Jupiter was the brother of Neptune and Pluto, the Roman equivalents of Poseidon and Hades respectively. Each presided over one of the three realms of the universe: sky, the waters, and the underworld. The Italic Diespiter was also a sky god who manifested himself in the daylight, usually identified with Jupiter. Tinia is usually regarded as his Etruscan counterpart.
1131	Safe (1995)	Thriller	In 1987, Carol White is a housewife living in an affluent suburb of Los Angeles with her husband Greg and stepson Rory. She spends her days gardening, doing aerobics, and meeting friends. Her marriage and family life appear stable but sterile, and her friends are polite but distant. After the family's home is renovated, Carol begins experiencing physical symptoms in everyday situations: She coughs uncontrollably when exposed to exhaust fumes from a nearby truck while driving, suffers a panic attack at a baby shower, and has a nosebleed while getting a perm at a hair salon. As her symptoms worsen, she becomes convinced that they are triggered by exposure to chemicals. Finally, she collapses while at her dry cleaners, which is being fumigated with pesticides.Doctors are unable to diagnose or treat Carol and state that she is physically healthy. She attends psychotherapy sessions, but her symptoms do not improve. She finds herself very alone with her condition, as her community remains indifferent to her suffering. While hospitalized, Carol watches an advertisement for Wrenwood, a new-age desert community for people with "environmental illnesses." The commune is led by Peter Dunning, an author who encourages residents to use self-help techniques. Realizing that she can no longer function in her current life, she leaves everything behind and moves to Wrenwood.Even in a community of people who are friendly towards her and suffer from similar health problems, Carol becomes increasingly isolated despite claiming that she is getting better. Lesions appear on her face and she increasingly relies on an oxygen tank. Eventually, she moves into an insulated dome separated from the rest of the community. There, as a "treatment" suggested by others in the commune, she looks into a mirror and repeats, "I love you" to herself.
1132	Feeling Minnesota (1996)	Drama, Romance	Ex-stripper Freddie Clayton is marrying Sam to repay a debt owed to nightclub owner Red. At the wedding, Freddie meets Jjaks, Sam's brother, and they instantly fall in love. Jjaks and Freddie decide to run off together, eventually staying in a motel. After realizing that they do not have any money, Freddie and Jjaks decide to go back and steal some of Sam's money. Sam catches Jjaks in the act and they fight. After escaping, Jjaks returns to the motel, unaware that Sam has been following him. After Jjaks passes out due to the fight, Sam ends up shooting Freddie in the stomach in Jjaks's car, and tries to frame the killing on him by returning Freddie's body to the motel room along with the murder weapon.The next morning, Jjaks awakens, unable to recall anything that happened after his fight with Sam. Seeing Freddie's body in the room along with the gun, he briefly thinks that maybe he killed Freddie. After being tipped off by Sam, the police arrive but Jjaks hastily avoids capture, driving Freddie's body to a remote area in the woods to lay her to rest. All the while, Sam has been watching these events from afar, hoping for Jjaks's arrest.Sam now calls a friend, Detective Ben Costikyan, who promptly arrests Jjaks. The trio, along with Costikyan's partner Lloyd, drive to where Freddie was supposedly buried. However, upon arrival, they are unable to find her. Angered at Sam for misleading him, Costikyan drives off with Lloyd, leaving the brothers beside the road.Upon returning home, the brothers receive a phone call from the motel manager, who, based on seeing Sam carrying Freddie's body into the motel room and Jjaks carrying the body out of the room, wants $50,000 to keep quiet. Jjaks now realizes that Sam was setting him up for Freddie's murder. After another fight, they decide that Jjaks will go to the motel to talk to the manager while Sam will see Red, hoping for a loan.At this point, Red has learned that Sam has been stealing money from him for the past year. Sam ends up shooting and killing Red after a brief skirmish and collects the $50,000 from a safe. Jjaks meets with the motel manager but sees Freddie's necklace on the floor of the manager's apartment. Confused and angry, Jjaks throws the manager outside and threatens to kill him. Suddenly out of nowhere, an alive Freddie walks towards them, calling for Jjaks, who faints. When he revives, she shows Jjaks her bullet wound and tells him that Sam is a bad shot and that someone picked her up from the side of the road where he had left her body.The next morning, Sam calls Jjaks and tells him he got the money. However, after seeing Freddie alive from a nearby diner, he confronts Jjaks and Freddie in the manager's apartment. Sam ends up getting shot when the couple try to defend themselves. Costikyan enters the hotel room and suffocates Sam by holding his hand against his mouth. It turns out that Freddie had called Costikyan after being rescued and used him to help her get the $50,000. A betrayed and wounded Jjaks is left helpless.Some time later, Costikyan is arrested in his underwear inside a hotel, as Freddie had tipped off the cops and left with the money. She and Jjaks have since fallen out, but Jjaks, recalling her dream of being a dancer in Las Vegas, hitchhikes there. When he finds her living her dream, she happily says, "What took you so fucking long?" before they embrace.
1133	Escape to Witch Mountain (1975)	Adventure, Children's, Fantasy	Tony and Tia are brother and sister whose surname they initially know only as that of their deceased adoptive parents, Malone. The children are placed in an orphanage, where they face difficulties stemming from their strange psychic/psionic abilities: Tony can psychokinetically move and control inanimate objects with the aid of his harmonica, while Tia can communicate telepathically to Tony and commune empathically with animals and experiences premonitions. Tia also possesses minor telekinetic abilities. Tia carries a "star case" with her at all times, which eventually reveals a strange map. Tia has fragmented memories of her early childhood, including an accident at sea and a man she later remembers as the children's Uncle Bené, who they believe drowned during their rescue.During a field trip, Tia experiences a premonition and warns wealthy attorney Lucas Deranian against a potentially dangerous accident. Deranian informs his employer, millionaire Aristotle Bolt, of the children's unique abilities. Bolt, obsessed with the paranormal, demands that Deranian retrieve the children at all costs. Deranian's detective work leads him to the orphanage, where he poses as Tia and Tony's uncle, though not under the name Bené, and takes them to Bolt's mansion. Though initially suspicious of Bolt's motives, Tia and Tony are lured in by the wealthy trappings of Bolt's home. Bolt eventually reveals that he has been monitoring the children via a closed-circuit television system and that he and Deranian are fully aware of their unusual powers. The night of this revelation, Tia and Tony make an escape, using their abilities to psionically control a wild mustang, guard dogs, and the security fence, as well as using Winkie, Tia's cat, to make the allergic security guard let them pass.Bolt sends Deranian and a thug, Ubermann, after the children. Tia and Tony hide in a Winnebago motor home owned by a crotchety widower, Jason O'Day. Initially negative toward the children, Jason gradually begins to recognize their powers and the truth of their story. Tia's vague memories of a disaster at sea intrigue him. He agrees to take the children on the route indicated by Tia's star case, which leads them to a mountain known as Witch Mountain, home to unexplainable phenomena. Avoiding Bolt, the law, and an incited mob who are convinced the children are witches, the trio eventually make their way up Witch Mountain, pursued by Deranian and Ubermann, as well as by Bolt in a helicopter. As their memories begin to fully return, the children realize their accident at sea did not involve a boat but a spacecraft. Tony and Tia are actually of extraterrestrial origin; the double star emblem on the star case stands for a binary star system where their home planet was located.Having come to Earth because their own planet was dying, survivors of the journey made their way to Witch Mountain and formed a community to await the surviving children, each pair in possession of a star case to help them find their way to their new home. Tony and Tia are the first to reach their destination. The siblings are reunited with Uncle Bené (who survived after all, thanks to an "accommodating" shark whom he'd telepathically asked for help) and board another spacecraft. When Bolt and the others leave in defeat, Jason witnesses the spaceship's return as it flies over him to say a final goodbye then landing nearby where the inhabitants now reside.
1134	Get on the Bus (1996)	Drama	Fifteen disparate African American men board a bus in Los Angeles bound for Washington, D.C., where they plan on attending the Million Man March. Other than their race, destination, and gender, the men have nothing in common: George is the trip organizer; Xavier is an aspiring filmmaker hoping to make a documentary of the March; Flip is the vain but charismatic and openly homophobic and sexist actor; Kyle and Randall are a homosexual couple; Gary, a biracial police officer; Jamal is a former gang banger turned devout Muslim who has evaded prosecution for the murders he committed; Evan Jr., is a petty criminal who has been permitted to break probation to attend the march on the condition that he remain handcuffed to his father, Evan Sr.As the bus travels across country, Xavier conducts interviews with the various attendees, allowing them to express their views on race, religion, and politics. The interviews often provoke outbursts from other men on the bus, invariably leading to many political confrontations. Jeremiah, the eldest member of the group, is an 80-year-old former alcoholic who lost his job and family, has found new meaning in life and is energized by the Million Man March, and embraces his African heritage; his philosophies on the black experience and stories of precolonial Africa serve to unite the men and ease tensions and the infighting among them.En route the bus breaks down and the men are forced to board another bus, driven by an ethnically Jewish white man named Rick. A couple of the passengers harass Rick as a white man, and Rick ultimately refuses to drive any further, citing the group's prejudice and his opposition to antisemitic remarks made by the leader of the march, Louis Farrakhan. George, himself a bus driver, accuses Rick of cultural racism, but begrudgingly agrees to cover for Rick, who leaves. George takes over driving for the remainder of the trip, with help from Evan Sr.As the bus passes through the American south, the men are greeted hospitably by several white southerners at various restaurants and rest stops. At one stop, the men pick up Wendell, a wealthy African American Lexus salesman who sees attending the march as a way to make business connections. Wendell, a self-proclaimed conservative Republican, makes disparaging remarks about whom he sees as lazy and stupid African Americans. Though he gets some agreement from Kyle, ultimately the other men perceive Wendell as too insulting and just wanting to make money off the march; they forcibly toss him out of the bus.In Knoxville, Tennessee, the bus is pulled over by a pair of racist state troopers, who accuse the men of using the bus to smuggle drugs. The bus and its passengers are checked by a drug-sniffing police dog, turning up no evidence of drugs; the troopers then condescendingly allow the bus to resume its journey.As the bus nears Washington, Jeremiah passes out and is rushed to a hospital. The doctors there discover that Jeremiah is suffering from advanced coronary artery disease, which made the stress of the trip potentially deadly for him. Evan Sr. and Jr., Gary, Jamal, and Xavier opt to stay with Jeremiah at the hospital and watch the march on television while the rest of the men leave in the bus to attend. Shortly after they leave, Jeremiah dies. The rest of the group returns to the hospital, saying that, to stay true to the spirit of the March, they chose not to attend the march but to return and be with Jeremiah.As the bus prepares to return to Los Angeles, the men find a prayer that Jeremiah wrote with the intention of praying it when the bus arrived at Washington, D.C. The men drive to the Lincoln Memorial, where George leads the men in Jeremiah's prayer, and the film ends with Evan Jr. and Senior's handcuffs left at the Lincoln memorial.
1135	Doors, The (1991)	Drama, Musical	The Doors were an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1965, comprising vocalist Jim Morrison, keyboardist Ray Manzarek, guitarist Robby Krieger, and drummer John Densmore. They were among the most influential and controversial rock acts of the 1960s, primarily due to Morrison's lyrics and voice, along with his erratic stage persona and legal issues. The group is widely regarded as an important figure of the era's counterculture. The band took its name from the title of the English writer Aldous Huxley's book The Doors of Perception, itself a reference to a quote by the English poet William Blake. After signing with Elektra Records in 1966, the Doors with Morrison recorded and released six studio albums in five years, some of which are generally considered among the greatest of all time, including their debut The Doors (1967), Strange Days (1967), Morrison Hotel (1970), and L.A. Woman (1971). Dubbed the "Kings of Acid Rock" by Life, they were one of the most successful bands of their time and by 1972, the Doors had sold over 4 million albums domestically and nearly 8 million singles. Morrison died in uncertain circumstances in 1971. The band continued as a trio, releasing two more albums until disbanding in 1973. In 1978, they reformed for the album An American Prayer, which combined new music with Morrison's recitings of his poetry recorded in 1969 and 1970. They reunited again briefly in 1993 when they were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and for several one-off projects in the 21st century. In 2002, Manzarek, Krieger, and Ian Astbury of the Cult on vocals started performing as "The Doors of the 21st Century". Densmore and the Morrison estate successfully sued them over the use of the band's name. After a short time as Riders on the Storm, they settled on the name Manzarek–Krieger and toured until Manzarek's death in 2013. The Doors were the first American band to accumulate eight consecutive Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA)-certified Gold LPs. According to the RIAA, they have sold 36 million albums in the United States and over 100 million records worldwide, making them one of the best-selling bands of all time. The Doors have been listed as one of the greatest artists of all time by magazines including Rolling Stone, which ranked them 41st on its list of the "100 Greatest Artists of All Time".
1136	Ghosts of Mississippi (1996)	Drama	Medgar Evers was an African-American civil rights activist in Mississippi murdered on June 12, 1963. It was suspected that Byron De La Beckwith, a white supremacist, was the murderer. He had been tried twice in the 1960s and both trials ended in hung juries. Evers' widow Myrlie Evers had been trying to bring De La Beckwith to justice for over 25 years.In 1989, emboldened by a newspaper article by Jerry Mitchell exposing jury tampering by the Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission in the first two trials, Myrlie Evers believed she had what it would take to bring him to trial again. Although most of the evidence from the old trial had disappeared, Bobby DeLaughter, an assistant District Attorney, decided to help her despite being warned that it might hurt his political aspirations and the strain that it caused in his marriage. DeLaughter forms a team of investigators from his office, however, the investigation suffers many setbacks.After learning that several of the key witnesses have died, and the court transcript of their testimony from the 1960s trials is lost, the team is convinced this is a futile effort. This is reinforced when DeLaughter fails at a desperate strategy of convincing two police officers who provided De La Beckwith with an alibi in the 1960s trials to admit they lied under oath. However, their pessimism fades with two discoveries. The rifle used in the murder, thought to have been lost, was hiding in plain sight. Later, one of the investigators learns of the existence of a witness unknown to the prosecution in the 1960s trials, Delmar Dennis. Dennis was a former member of the Ku Klux Klan who agreed to be an undercover informant for the FBI. Dennis testified against the Klan in the Mississippi Burning case, and once mentioned having met De La Beckwith. The investigation turns to finding Dennis, who was living in hiding since turning state's evidence on the KKK, to see what he knows of the case.Once confirming that Dennis indeed had met De La Beckwith, the team is optimistic they have enough to secure a new indictment. As knowledge becomes public that the district attorney's office has re-opened the case, white supremacist elements threaten DeLaughter and his children, having by this time separated from his wife. After committing to Myrlie that he will try De La Beckwith again, Myrlie, initially skeptical of DeLaughter, reveals that she has a court certified transcript of one of the 1960s trials in her possession. DeLaughter had long sought such a transcript to be able to read testimony from deceased witnesses to the jury for the new trial. DeLaughter mostly presents the same case as was presented in the 1960s trial, with the addition of Dennis and two other witnesses who supported Dennis's testimony. Detective Lloyd Bennett reads the testimony of his father, Detective LC Bennett, the officer who found the murder weapon while searching the crime scene, to the jury.In 1994, De La Beckwith was found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment. The film ends with Myrlie tearfully rejoicing to the assembled crowd at the courthouse that she never gave up in the fight for justice for Medgar.
1137	Beautiful Thing (1996)	Drama, Romance	Jamie (Glen Berry) is a teenager who is in love with his classmate, Ste (Scott Neal). Jamie's single mother, Sandra (Linda Henry), is preoccupied with ambitious plans to run her own pub and has an ever-changing string of lovers; the latest of these is Tony (Ben Daniels), a neo-hippie.Sandra finds herself at odds with Leah (Tameka Empson), a sassy and rude neighbour who has been expelled from school, takes a variety of drugs, and constantly listens and sings along to her mother's Cass Elliot records. While Jamie's homosexuality remains concealed, his introverted nature and dislike of football are reason enough for his classmates to bully him.Ste, who is living together with his drug-dealing brother and abusive, alcoholic father in the flat next door to Sandra and Jamie's, is beaten by his brother so badly that Sandra takes pity and lets him sleep over one night. In the absence of a third bed, Ste has to make do with sleeping 'top-to-toe' with Jamie. On the second night that they share the bed, the boys change sleeping arrangements and Jamie kisses Ste for the first time.The next morning, Ste leaves the flat before Jamie has awakened, and avoids him for days. Jamie works up the nerve to steal a Gay Times from a newsagent, apparently starting to accept his sexuality and affection for Ste. Jamie finally spots Ste at a nearby party and confronts him about his feelings; they prepare to leave together. The party ends badly, with Sandra taking vengeance on Leah for gossiping. Leah then threatens to 'spill the beans' about Ste and Jamie and confesses to having covered up for Ste in front of his father and brother. Ste reacts by angrily rejecting Jamie and running away.Slowly, Ste accepts Jamie's love. Their relationship develops as they visit a gay pub together, but Sandra follows them and discovers their secret. The film reaches its climax as a bad trip by Leah (on an unnamed drug) precipitates Sandra's breakup with Tony, the news of Sandra's new job comes out, and Sandra confronts Ste and Jamie about their relationship. Sandra comes to accept her son's sexuality.The film ends with the two boys slow-dancing in the courtyard of their council flats to the Cass Elliot song "Dream a Little Dream of Me" while a protective Sandra dances defiantly at their side with Leah as the local residents look on. Some onlookers are shocked, some strongly disapprove and some enjoy the moment.
1138	Best Men (1997)	Action, Comedy, Crime, Drama	Four groomsmen are preparing for a wedding, donning tuxedos. Buzz, a former soldier, has a few handguns in his tuxedo, Teddy, a browbeaten house husband, is meticulously getting ready, Sol, a former criminal lawyer now specializing in divorce, dresses neatly while Billy, a failing actor, is shown watching a newscast. The reporter describes a recent bank robbery where the robber recited works by William Shakespeare before escaping.All four meet up, walking towards the prison where Jesse is being released after three years for an unspecified crime. Sol and Jesse have a heated argument as Sol's error as his attorney led to Jesse's incarceration.Jesse is marrying Hope, surrounded by his best friends. En route to the ceremony, Billy asks them to pull over near a bank. He commences to rob it (he is the Shakespeare robber from the earlier newscast). As he finishes, reciting Shakespeare, Buzz comes in to hurry him up, stopping the robbery, unveiling Billy in the process. The others then walk in, inadvertently creating a hostage situation. When the police arrive, they realise their predicament: they are all accomplices, facing serious prison time.However, the bank customers bond with the five unlikely robbers. Outside the bank Billy's dad, Sheriff Philips, demands he surrenders, mocking him for being a failure. Billy confronts him, refusing. Inside the bank, it's suggested that Billy release some of the hostages. One of them, Gonzo suggests they request a chopper land on the roof so he can fly them to safety. Buzz bonds with Gonzo, a Vietnam veteran, he tells him his life dream was to serve in the military but, being gay, he was not allowed to. Seeing his pain, he gifts Buzz his military jacket. Outside the FBI arrives to take over the hostage negotiation.Lead agent Hoover shows little regard for the hostages, planning to execute the five robbers as they exit the bank. Sheriff Philips approaches the bank and Billy finally confronts his father for being a lousy parent. He realises he was never there for his son. Billy agrees to allow some of the hostages to go, Gonzo amongst them. All of the freed hostages refuse to identify Billy or his friends.The gang negotiates for Jesse and Hope to be married in the bank; Hoover agrees for a priest to go in and perform the ceremony. During the wedding, the priest turns out to be a federal agent, and Teddy and Buzz are shot during a struggle. Teddy, feeling like the bank robbery has woken him up, refuses to be sent to the hospital for urgent care but eventually acquiesces. Buzz patches his wound and the guys plot their exit from the bank.Sol goes outside, negotiating a deal with Hoover to get everyone out. As he re-enters the bank, Hoover orders his men to gun them down. Sol and the guys, with the remaining hostages, leave the bank draped in a giant American flag. The snipers, unable to pick out the guys, refuse to shoot indiscriminately (or shoot at the flag). As everyone enters the bus, Sol tells Jesse he's sorry and Hope forgives him. He then steps off the bus and announces the deal he brokered involved him surrendering to save Jesse and the guys. Hoover, however, reneges on the deal; Sol holds him at gunpoint so the police cars let the bus go. As the bus leaves, he is shot and killed by the snipers. Sheriff Philips then blocks the feds with his police cruiser, giving Billy time to get away.As the bus heads to the local airport, the feds start to catch up, and Buzz drives it off the main road. Gonzo then appears in a military helicopter and Jesse and Hope escape onto the chopper. However, Billy and Buzz are unable to, remaining behind. Surrounded by the feds, in a final bloody shootout, the two best friends die but not before Buzz gets off a shot killing Hoover.The film ends with Jesse and Hope playing with a son some years later on a beach in Mexico.
1139	Hackers (1995)	Action, Crime, Thriller	On August 10, 1988, 11-year-old Dade "Zero Cool" Murphy is barred from owning or operating computers and touch-tone telephones, until his 18th birthday, after his family is fined US$45,000 (equivalent to $120,000 in 2024) for his crashing of 1,507 computer systems, causing a seven-point drop in the New York Stock Exchange.Seven years later, on his 18th birthday, Dade’s barring is lifted, and he hacks into a local television station. He changes the broadcast to an episode of The Outer Limits. Another hacker (handle "Acid Burn") counters Dade's attack. Dade identifies himself as "Crash Override". Dade is eventually kicked out of the TV station by Acid Burn.At school, Dade becomes part of a group of hackers: Ramon "The Phantom Phreak" Sanchez, Emmanuel "Cereal Killer" Goldstein, Paul "Lord Nikon" Cook (named for his photographic memory), Joey Pardella (a novice hacker without an alias and the youngest member) and Kate "Acid Burn" Libby – the hacker who kicked him out of the TV station earlier.Joey, out to prove his skills, breaks into a "Gibson" supercomputer owned by the Ellingson Mineral Corporation. While he is downloading a garbage file as proof of his feat, his mother disconnects his computer, leaving him with a fragmented file. However, his intrusion has been noticed and brought to the attention of computer security officer Eugene "The Plague" Belford, a former hacker. Plague realizes the garbage file being downloaded is a worm he himself inserted to defraud Ellingson. Claiming the file is the code to the "Da Vinci" computer virus that will capsize the company's oil tanker fleet, and pretending the hackers are to blame, he enlists the US Secret Service to recover the file. In fact, Plague had inserted the "Da Vinci" virus as a red herring to cover for his worm.Joey is arrested and his computer searched, but he had hidden the disk containing the file. Dade and Kate make a bet, with Dade choosing a date with Kate should he win, and Kate having Dade "be her slave" if she prevails. The hacking duel is to harass Secret Service Agent Richard Gill who was involved in Joey's arrest. After various hacks including canceling Gill's credit cards, creating a personal ad in his name, fabricating a criminal record, and changing his payroll status to "deceased", the duel remains a tie.Released on bail, Joey reveals the disk to Phreak who is arrested the next day and informs Kate the disk is hidden in a bathroom at school. Kate and Cereal Killer ask for Dade's help which he refuses as he has a record. He copies the disk so they have un-tampered evidence. Determining that Dade did not hack into Ellingson, Plague sends him a powerful laptop with a request that he join him. He later threatens to have Dade's mother incarcerated with a manufactured criminal record. At this, Dade agrees to deliver a copy of the disk.Kate, Lord Nikon, Cereal Killer, and Dade learn that the code is a worm designed to steal $25 million (equivalent to $51.6 million in 2024) from Ellingson transactions, and that the Da Vinci virus is set to capsize the oil tanker fleet the next day to provide cover and distract from the worm. Dade confesses that he gave Plague a copy of the disk and reveals his hacking history as "Zero Cool".Dade and Kate seek out Razor and Blade, producers of Hack the Planet, a hacker-themed TV show. Lord Nikon and Cereal Killer learn that warrants for their arrest are to be executed at 9 a.m. the next day.The next morning, Dade, Kate, Nikon and Cereal roller-blade from Washington Square Park, evading the Secret Service by hacking the traffic lights. Meeting up with Joey at Grand Central Terminal they use payphones and acoustic couplers to hack the Gibson. At first, their attempts are easily rebuffed by Plague, who calls Dade to taunt him. Razor and Blade have contacted hackers around the world, who lend their support and distract Plague long enough for Joey to download the file.After crashing the Gibson, Dade and company are arrested. Dade cryptically informs Cereal Killer that he's tossed the disk in a trash can. As Dade and Kate are being interrogated, Razor and Blade jam television signals and broadcast live video of Cereal Killer revealing the plot and Plague's complicity. Plague is arrested onboard a flight by Gill while attempting to flee to Japan. Their names cleared, Dade and Kate begin a relationship.
1140	Road to Wellville, The (1994)	Comedy	Dr. John Harvey Kellogg opened a sanitarium in Battle Creek, Michigan, where he practiced his unusual methods for maintaining health, including colonic irrigation, electrical stimulus and sexual abstinence, vegetarianism and physical exercise. The sanitarium attracts well-to-do patients including William and Eleanor Lightbody, who are suffering from poor health following the death of their child. On their way to Battle Creek they meet Charles Ossining, who is hoping to make a fortune by exploiting the fad for health food cereals.Ossining finds a partner in Goodloe Bender. Having enlisted the services of George Kellogg, the doctor's estranged adopted son, they attempt to produce "Kellogg's Perfo Flakes".In the sanitarium, Will Lightbody is separated from his wife, and is soon harboring lustful thoughts toward Nurse Graves and patient Ida Muntz. His wife Eleanor, meanwhile, befriends Virginia Cranehill, who has a modern attitude toward sexual pleasure, influenced by the works of Dr. Lionel Badger. Will eventually succumbs to Ida Muntz's charms. Later he learns that Ida has died during treatment. Following the electrocution of a patient in the defective sinusoidal bath, and the discovery of yet another death, Will suffers a breakdown, flees the sanitarium, gets drunk and eats meat. At a restaurant, he meets Ossining, and agrees to invest $1,000 in his health food business. Will returns drunk to the sanitarium, where he is reprimanded by Dr. Kellogg and is abandoned by a distraught Eleanor.Ossining's business is a disaster, with no edible product. He and the partners resort to stealing Kellogg's cornflakes and repackaging them in their own boxes. Ossining meets his aunt, his sole investor, on visiting day at Kellogg's sanitarium, and is there exposed as a fraud and arrested.Nurse Graves attempts to seduce Will, who is guilt-stricken and spurns her advances. He searches for Eleanor, only to find her and Virginia Cranehill receiving clitoral massages from Dr. Spitzvogel while Dr. Badger masturbates. Will is incensed, thrashes Dr. Spitzvogel with a branch and takes Eleanor away.George Kellogg visits his father, but things go badly. George burns down the sanitarium. In the ensuing chaos, Ossining escapes. Kellogg seems to reconcile with George in the mud bath in the aftermath of the fire.In a final coda, the Lightbodys have reconciled and are happily married, with four daughters. Will receives a check for $1,000 from Ossining, who has become a cola beverage tycoon. Dr. Kellogg dies of a heart attack while diving from a high board.
1141	War Room, The (1993)	Documentary	The film follows James Carville and George Stephanopoulos, at first during the New Hampshire primary, and then mostly in Little Rock, Arkansas, at the Clinton campaign headquarters. Several key events of the 1992 election cycle and their repercussions within the Clinton campaign are chronicled in the documentary. These include: the Gennifer Flowers scandal, the New Hampshire Democratic primary, Ross Perot's campaign as an Independent, the Democratic National Convention, the Clinton campaign's attack on George H. W. Bush's "Read my lips: no new taxes" statement from 1988, the presidential debates, and the night of the general election. Much of the film focuses on the interaction between politics and the media and the attempts by the Clinton and Bush campaigns to spin public perception of events and news stories.
1142	When We Were Kings (1996)	Documentary	When We Were Kings is a 1996 American documentary film directed by Leon Gast about the "Rumble in the Jungle" heavyweight championship boxing match that was held on October 30, 1974, in Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo) between world heavyweight champion George Foreman and Muhammad Ali. It features archival footage of celebrities, including James Brown, B.B. King, and promoter Don King, in the lead-up to the fight and accompanying Zaire 74 music festival, alongside interview footage of Norman Mailer, George Plimpton, Spike Lee and Thomas Hauser from the 1990s. The film took Gast 22 years to edit and finance, but it was finally released to strong reviews and won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature of 1996.
1143	Hard Eight (1996)	Crime, Thriller	Sydney Brown, a well-dressed senior gambler, finds John Finnegan, a homeless man, forlornly sitting outside a diner in Sparks, Nevada. Sydney offers John a cigarette and buys him a cup of coffee. John tells Sydney that he went bust in Las Vegas and needs $6,000 for his mother's funeral. They travel to Vegas, where Sydney helps John win the money. Two years later, John becomes Sydney's protégé. Calm and reserved, Sydney displays a fatherly care for John, who is unsophisticated. John has a new friend named Jimmy, who does security work, and is attracted to Clementine, a cocktail waitress in Reno. Sydney meets Clementine and learns that she moonlights as a prostitute. Although Clementine believes Sydney might want to use her services, he wants to build a connection between John and her. Sydney asks John to show Clementine around town.After receiving a frantic phone call, Sydney finds John and Clementine holding an unconscious tourist hostage in a nearby motel because he did not pay Clementine for sex. He learns that John and Clementine have called the hostage's wife, threatening to kill him if they do not get the money. After finding Jimmy's gun, Sydney convinces John and Clementine to flee the motel, advising them to leave town for a honeymoon as they have recently been impulsively married. While leaving, Sydney removes the evidence from the motel room.Sydney meets with Jimmy, who tells him that the couple did not call the police. However, Jimmy explains that he has heard stories of Sydney killing John's father in Atlantic City. Jimmy pulls a gun on Sydney and threatens to tell John unless Sydney gives him $10,000. Sydney says that he does not have it, but he can give $6,000 cash. They go to Sydney's suite and down to the casino floor, where Sydney gets the money from the cashier and gives it to Jimmy. John calls Sydney from a roadside phone to update him on the honeymoon. During the call, Sydney tells John that he loves him like a son. After hearing that, John thanks him and says that he also loves him. Sydney sneaks into Jimmy's house, kills him and retrieves what is left of the money. The next day, Sydney returns to the diner where he met John and covers his bloodstained shirt cuff with a jacket sleeve.
1144	Quiet Room, The (1996)	Drama	The Quiet Room centers on an unnamed little girl and how she deals with her parents' crumbling marriage. The film focuses entirely on her point of view and although she is silent for most of the film, we constantly hear her thoughts, sometimes in a stream of consciousness barrage of voice-over. The little girl has chosen to become mute as a way to protest her parents' constant fighting. Her parents, more concerned with their own issues, believe their daughter is just going through a phase. The film shows how even very young children can be extremely cognizant of problems that are going on in their own homes even when their parents try hard to shield them from everything.The girl learns other ways to communicate with her parents. Through her drawings, she expresses her desire of owning a dog and how she believes they will be happier as a family if they lived in the country instead of in their tiny apartment in the city. During flashbacks, we see when her parents were happy and still in love. The girl, perhaps intentionally as a way to cope, confuses tenses (thinking "I'm little now..." instead of "when I was little..."). But even then, she catches glimpses of her parents' dysfunctional relationship, such as when her father spits in her mother's face after she yells at him. Her parents don't notice she is in the room but the memory leaves a long-lasting impression on her. In the present, her anxiety manifests itself through waking nightmares where she imagines wild animals escaping from the zoo and coming to get her. At the end of the film, she hides herself in her parents' wardrobe to escape their bickering. After a while, she falls asleep in an uncomfortable position. When she wakes up, she is too stiff to move. Unable to escape on her own, the little girl finally breaks down and calls out for help and her parents, who had thought she ran away, rush to her aid.The girl gives her parents one last drawing. In it, she successfully conveys her feelings of being overwhelmed by her parents' constant fighting and how she feels less motivated to speak the more she hears them argue. As she hands it to them, she says, "This is how I feel. That's how you make me feel." Finally hearing their daughter for the first time and realizing the effect their behaviour has on hers, her parents announce that they're going to move to the country. When they also promise her a dog, she becomes so ecstatic that she starts singing incessantly and dancing around her room.
1145	Blue Chips (1994)	Drama	Pete Bell, a college basketball coach for the NCSA program Western University Dolphins in Los Angeles, is under a lot of pressure. His team is not winning as often as it once did and his successful program needs to attract new star players. But the brightest stars of the future—the so-called "blue-chip" prospects—are secretly being paid by other schools.This practice is forbidden in the college game, but Pete is desperate after a losing season. A school booster, greedy "friend of the program" Happy, will stop at nothing to land these star high school players for Western's next season and gets the okay from the coach to do so. This includes offering a new car to the gigantic Neon Boudeaux (Shaq), a house and job to the mother of Butch McRae, and a tractor to the father of farm boy Ricky Roe, as well as a bag filled with cash.With sportswriter Ed suspecting a scandal, Pete continues to be contaminated by demands from the players and a dirty association with the booster. His ex-wife, a former guidance counselor, agrees to tutor Neon, who has below average grades, but she feels betrayed when she realizes Pete lied to her about the new athletes receiving illegal inducements to attend the school.Pete comes to realize that one of his senior players, Tony, a personal favorite, had "shaved points" in a game his freshman season, conspiring to beat a gambling point spread after carefully reviewing a video of the freshman season game depicting Tony's unusual behavior. Pete is disgusted at what he and his program have become.Western University has a big nationally televised game coming up versus Indiana, the #1 team in the country, coached by Bob Knight. After winning the game, Pete cannot bear the guilt of having cheated. At a press conference, he confesses to the entire scandal and resigns as head coach. Leaving the press conference and the arena, Pete walks past a playground with kids playing basketball—he approaches, then helps coach them.An epilogue later reveals that the university would be suspended from tournament play for three years. Pete did continue to coach, but at the high school level; Tony graduated and played pro ball in Europe; Ricky Roe got injured and returned home to run the family farm, and Neon and Butch dropped out of college, but both now play in the NBA.
1146	Calendar Girl (1993)	Drama	While Marilyn Monroe is enjoying her rise to stardom and iconic pop culture status, a trio of childhood friends happily, and surreptitiously, obtain racy pictures of her for their pubescent enjoyment.Once they mature (at least by age), Roy has his eyes set on joining the Military despite his strained relationship with his father. His buddy, Scott, has a prosthetic leg and is to be married soon to his darling significant other Becky.  Their pal Ned, known affectionately as "Bleuer," works at a small town store.Thanks to Roy's uncle, the three desirous and hapless friends shack up at his place in California, where they yearn to meet—if only for a brief second—the fabulous and stunning Miss Marilyn Monroe. Their quest leads to shenanigans, and silliness ensues as they arrange the most brainless ideas to win over their idol. One includes corralling a "sad" cow to moo outside of Miss Monroe's luxurious residence, another has the guys speeding after Marilyn towards a nude beach, while an entirely separate subplot has them dodging some bad guys that are after Roy.Eventually, it is up to Marilyn to pity the trio's collectively desperate agony. The boys devise a clever scheme to avoid Miss Monroe's hawkish maid, and Roy haplessly asks Miss Monroe for a date. This leads to further despair amongst the trio. They begin to regret coming out for the trip and they decide to go out on the town one last time.In a sudden twist, Monroe finally does agree to a date upon the sandy splendor of the Californian beach. Initially, while resentment has grown between the three friends, Roy is designated to be the lucky one that gets to hopefully "canoe" Miss Monroe, but he passes off the opportunity to his buddy "Bleuer."  He agrees, and treats the lovely Miss Monroe to a platonic, but wonderful night.While Roy (in his macho way) is disappointed by Bleuer's effort, the boys return home to the sad news that Marilyn has abruptly died of a drug overdose.Back home, Scott continues his plans to marry his love, Becky, and Roy tussles with his father in the gym which leads to one last touching moment between the two before Roy is shipped out to boot camp.The film's last image is of Bleuer as he embraces his wild side and partakes in a telephone booth gathering that enchants a local college girl in his favor.
1147	My Family (1995)	Drama	The story is narrated by the family's oldest son Paco. The film begins with José Sanchez, the father of the family, making a journey that lasts one year on foot from Mexico to Los Angeles. He travels to Los Angeles to meet a distant relative known as El Californio, who was born in the city when it was still part of Mexico. They become fast friends and grow a corn farm together. However, after several years, El Californio nears death. Shortly before dying, El Californio says he wants the following written on his tombstone: "When I was born here, this was Mexico, and where my body lies, this is still Mexico."José meets and marries the love of his life, María, an American citizen. After María is illegally deported to Mexico by the U.S. federal government in a mass roundup, she makes it back to Los Angeles via a long and arduous trip two years later, where she returns home with their new son Chucho.Twenty years later in 1958 or 1959, eldest daughter Irene is getting married. Chucho and Paco have grown up. New additions to the family include Toni, Guillermo "Memo", and brother Jimmy.The film begins to gain momentum after the wedding, when a series of events seal Chucho's fate. One night at a dance hall, Chucho is dancing with his girlfriend, when his rival Butch Mejia starts to bother him. This results in a bloody knife fight between the two, and Chucho accidentally kills him. After this event, Chucho becomes a fugitive of the police. One night when Jimmy is playing ball with his friends, Chucho is shot dead by the Los Angeles Police Department in front of Jimmy. Other members of the family learn of Chucho's death when they hear gunshots and rush to a nearby street. As an ambulance arrives to take Chucho's lifeless body away, Paco narrates how Chucho's whole life had been on borrowed time.The third generation, which takes place another twenty years later in the 1970s and 1980s, faces situations such as acculturation, assimilation, and past problems of the family.Jimmy completes a stint in prison and returns home. It is revealed that after Chucho's death 20 years back, Jimmy became an angry man following in his footsteps, becoming a fugitive like him. One day, Toni visits the Sanchez home and stuns her parents with the news that she is no longer a nun and has married a priest named David Ronconi. Toni and David become involved in helping political refugees. When they find out that a Salvadoran refugee, Isabel, has become a target for murder and is being held for deportation back to El Salvador, Toni convinces Jimmy to marry her so that she is able to stay in the U.S.Jimmy is resistant to the idea of being a married man; however, Isabel slowly makes herself at home and Jimmy has no choice but to let her stay with him. As Jimmy works on his car listening to "I'm Your Puppet", Isabel comes up to him and changes the music in the cassette-player. She tries to get him to dance with her on the street. At first he doesn't want to, but she finally succeeds in teaching him some steps. He asks her at the end of the song, "Will you teach me how to salsa?" It is here that Jimmy finally lets Isabel into his heart and where they both understand that although other people don't understand them, they know now who they really are together and they finally consummate their marriage.Isabel becomes pregnant shortly thereafter but unfortunately dies after giving birth to their son, Carlitos. Enraged, Jimmy attacks the doctor whom he blames for her death, burglarizes a store, and is arrested, leaving his son to be raised by his parents. When Jimmy gets out of prison 4 years later, he initially doesn't want anything to do with his son, who is a spirited, but trouble-making child. When Jimmy finally sees his son, he is filled with joy and immediately wants to care for him. However, his son hates him, who thinks his real father is a cowboy who lives in Texas. Jose and Maria's middle son, Guillermo (called "Memo") purposely downplays his Mexican heritage as an adult by attending college, becoming a lawyer and referring to himself as William, or Bill. He becomes engaged to a young white woman named Karen from an affluent family in Bel-Air.  The first meeting between the two families begins well but descends into chaos with Memo chastising Jimmy for his son's wild behavior.After Jimmy decides to change his life around for good, Carlitos accepts him and moves with him to Texas where Jimmy has secured a good-paying manufacturing job in San Antonio.The film concludes with Jose and Maria reminiscing about their past as Jose says "God has been good to us, we've been very lucky, and our life it has been very...very good", and the camera pans to a shot of Los Angeles.
1148	Tom & Viv (1994)	Drama	The film tells the story of the relationship between T. S. Eliot and his first wife, Vivienne Haigh-Wood Eliot. They were married in 1915 after a brief courtship and, although they separated in 1933, they never divorced.
1149	Walkabout (1971)	Drama	A teenage girl and her younger brother live with their parents in a modest high rise apartment in Sydney. One day their father drives them into the Outback, still in their school uniforms, ostensibly for a picnic. As they prepare to eat, the father draws a gun and fires at the children. The boy believes it to be a game, but the daughter realises her father is attempting to murder them, and flees with her brother, seeking shelter behind rocks. She watches as her father sets their car on fire and shoots himself in the head. The girl conceals the suicide from her brother, retrieves some of the picnic food, and leads him away from the scene, attempting to walk home through the desert.By the middle of the next day, they are weak and the boy can barely walk. Discovering an oasis with a small water hole and a quandong tree, they spend the day playing, bathing, and resting. By the next morning, the water has dried up. They are then discovered by an Aboriginal boy. He does not speak English, much to the girl's frustration, but her brother mimes their need for water and the newcomer cheerfully shows them how to draw it from the drying bed of the oasis. The three travel together, with the Aboriginal boy sharing kangaroo meat he has caught from hunting. The boys learn to communicate to some extent using words from each other's languages and gestures; the girl makes no such attempts.While in the vicinity of a plantation, a white woman walks past the Aboriginal boy, who simply ignores her when she speaks to him. She appears to see the other children, but they do not see her, and they continue on their journey. The children also discover a weather balloon belonging to a nearby research team working in the desert. After drawing markings of a modern-style house, the Aboriginal boy eventually leads them to an abandoned farm, and takes the small boy to a nearby road. The Aboriginal boy hunts down a water buffalo and is wrestling it to the ground when two white hunters appear in a truck and nearly run him over. He watches in shock as they wantonly shoot several buffalo with a rifle. The boy then returns to the farm, but passes by without speaking.Later, the Aboriginal boy lies in a trance among a slew of buffalo bones, having painted himself in ceremonial markings. He returns to the farmhouse, catching the undressing girl by surprise, and initiates a courtship ritual, performing a dance in front of her. Although he dances outside all day and into the night until he becomes exhausted, she is frightened and hides from him, and tells her brother they will leave him the next day. In the morning, after they dress in their school uniforms, the brother takes her to the Aboriginal boy's body, hanging in a tree. Showing little emotion, the girl wipes ants from the dead boy's chest. Hiking up the road, the siblings find a nearly-deserted mining town where a surly employee directs them towards nearby accommodation.Years later, a man arrives home from work as the now adult girl prepares dinner. While he embraces her and relates office gossip, she either imagines or remembers a time in which she, her brother, and the Aboriginal boy are playing and swimming naked in a billabong in the Outback.
1150	Last Dance (1996)	Drama	 Cindy Liggett  is waiting on death row for a brutal double murder she committed in her teens, 12 years earlier. Clemency lawyer Rick Hayes  tries to save her, based on the argument that she was under the influence of crack cocaine when she committed the crime of which she was found guilty and that she is no longer the same person she had been at the time of the murder. After being initially strapped in, in preparation for her execution, a last-minute stay is granted for her case to be reviewed by an appeals panel. However, a short time later her death sentence is carried out. Afterward, Rick discovers an intricate drawing of the Taj Mahal Cindy had made among the artwork that was created while she was incarcerated. The film ends with Rick on a trip to India to visit the Taj Mahal after Cindy's execution.
1151	Original Gangstas (1996)	Crime	The movie opens to a narration (by Ron O'Neal) detailing the poor economic state of a gang-ridden Gary, Indiana. The narrator explains to the audience of how the city came into such a state. After the opening narrative, the scene switches to the base of operations for the Rebels, a local street gang, and a one-on-one basketball game between a Rebels gang member and a local boy named Kenny Thompson. Kenny humiliates the Rebel by winning and taking the gambled winnings as his own. After he leaves, Spyro, the current co-leader of the Rebels (opposite Damien) is under the impression that Kenny's skills are something more than "something he picked up." He instructs his lieutenant, Kayo, to exact retribution on Kenny for being hustled.While Kenny and his friend Marcus are relaxing at a diner, Kenny decides to call his girlfriend. He enters a phone booth to make the call but is subsequently shot and killed by Kayo in a drive-by shooting.  The owners of the grocery store, Marvin Bookman and Gracie Bookman, two members of the community well-respected by both the Rebels and local citizens, feel that justice should be brought to Kenny's murderer and discloses the license plate number of the shooter's vehicle.When the Rebels discover this, Spyro orders Kayo to dispose of the vehicle. Kayo and the Rebels then proceed to confront Marvin about his assistance to the investigators of Kenny's death. Marvin argues that Kenny was a good person and did not deserve to be shot. The co-leaders of the Rebels describe how they respected the Bookmans' store and, while others around it were robbed and ransacked, their store was left alone. The fact that Marvin would "sell them out" expresses a high amount of disrespect to the Rebels, who immediately seek revenge on Marvin. Eventually, Kayo and initiate Bobby, with a group of fellow Rebels, attack the grocery store, resulting in the near-fatal shooting of Marvin by Bobby.The attack on Marvin's life prompts his son, pro football coach and ex-Rebel John Bookman, to return to the impoverished Gary neighborhood to find Bobby. After seeing his father, John goes to save his father's shop and kicks all the Rebels members out of there. Then he goes to a local barbershop, where Kayo eventually turns up. Trouble immediately brews, and John and the gang members fight. John has the upper hand but is overpowered. Jake Trevor, another original Rebel, enters the fray and saves John. After the fight, the two converse, and it is revealed that Jake is here to bury Kenny, who was his illegitimate son. Jake goes to visit "Slick", who reveals to Jake that his son was killed because he hustled the Rebels. Jake is astounded and enraged that his son was killed over money.The next day, John and Jake attend Kenny's funeral, where a distraught Laurie Thompson is reunited with her ex-husband. While talking, Laurie implores Jake to reconsider seeking vengeance upon his son's murderers, expressing her disdain by stating that he always wishes to resolve such issues by fighting, which "only makes things worse". John tells Jake that he has a meeting with the Rebels at the church that makes Jake and Laurie disappointed at him. Jake confronts Spyro at the basketball court about Kenny Thompson. After failed treaty negotiations at the church and the rising of neighborhood gang violence, the other gangs (Diablos and Rangers), have a meeting with Spyro, Damien and the Rebels about Kenny. At the party for the Rebels, John and Jake drive Spyro and Damien's car into Diablo territory and shoot at them to set up a broken truce. In retaliation, the Rebels light the community houses on fire with Molotov cocktails. "Dink", the teenage "messenger boy" who had linked up with John and Jake, was murdered prior to this.John and Jake receive help from their former gang mates in Laurie, Slick and Bubba, while Kenny's friend Marcus also joins them in their fight. They devise a plan to "lose" a trunk of weapons to the Rebels. When the gang tries to use said weapons, the guns malfunction and explode in their faces, stunning the gang. In another area, the Rebels are attempting to escape the battle, but they are stopped by a group of community members, armed with bats and other improvised weapons. Eventually, Spyro and Damien fear they may lose the fight, and escape to the old steel mill, with Jake and John set on catching them. In their absence, Laurie successfully guns down Kayo, killing him, and finally avenging Kenny's death. Eventually, Jake and John reach the steel mill, each taking on Spyro and Damien separately as Diablo members watch on. After an intense hand-to-hand fight between Jake and Spyro, Spyro causes Jake to hesitate as he tells him he also didn't know his father, and that he's basically Jake's son; that Jake created him and now he wants to kill him. Jake then kills Spyro. After Spyro is taken down by Jake, Blood, the leader of the Diablos and a few cohorts shoot a battered Damien, destroying the Rebel leadership. After refusing to forge a truce with the Diablos, Jake and John walk off as officers pour into the scene.
1152	In Love and War (1996)	Romance, War	In Italy during World War I, the US president has sent teams of Red Cross doctors and nurses to boost Italian morale and help with the wounded. Volunteers drive ambulances and work in the front line canteens. 19-year-old Ernest Hemingway becomes an ambulance driver in Italy, although he wishes to become a reporter and writer. Wanting to fight against the enemy, he ends up with a shot leg, trying to save a companion from the field.He is taken into a hospital, where an American nurse, Agnes von Kurowsky, takes care of him. During the first night at the hospital, Ernest tells Agnes "I love you. Let's get married." while in a state of delirium. Ernest's health becomes worse and Agnes tries everything to save his leg from what she believes is gangrene. A successful operation puts Ernest on the path to recovery. As time passes, they become attached, even though Agnes has reservations because of their age difference.Eventually, Agnes and some other nurses need to be moved closer to the front. As she can't find Ernest to tell him the bad news in person, she asks their friend to give him a letter. Ernest is shocked at finding out that she has left. While working on the front, Agnes receives a letter from Ernest telling her how much he misses her. After a few days, Ernest finally visits, telling her that he has received orders to return to the United States. He declares his love for Agnes, asking her to meet him at a nearby hotel to spend their remaining time together and to promise each other daily letters, until they are able to get married.After some time spent on the front, Agnes is asked by one of the nurses, a good friend, to spend the weekend at Dr. Domenico Caracciolo's, who has feelings for Agnes. The three of them spend time together, seeing the surroundings of Venice. The letters from Agnes soon become less and less frequent, causing Ernest great concern. While showing her an unfinished hospital, Dr. Domenico proposes. She hesitates, still thinking of Ernest. She decides to write him a letter, telling him their relationship must end, partly because of their age gap. Ernest is devastated.Eight months later, in New York, Agnes meets an old friend and ex-patient, Harry. She confesses that she did not marry the doctor and finds out that Ernest is still angry. She decides to go to Ernest's family cabin, on Walloon Lake. Still angry and proud, Ernest doesn't accept her love. The film ends with Agnes telling him "I love you" as she leaves the cabin, never to see him again.
1153	Backbeat (1993)	Drama, Musical	The film follows the Beatles through their pre-fame Hamburg days when Stuart Sutcliffe, the band's bassist, meets German photographer Astrid Kirchherr.
1154	Alphaville (1965)	Sci-Fi	Lemmy Caution is a secret agent with the code number of 003 from "the Outlands". Entering Alphaville in his Ford Mustang, which he refers to as a Ford Galaxie, he poses as a journalist named Ivan Johnson and claims to work for the Figaro-Pravda newspaper. Caution is on a series of missions. First, he searches for the missing agent Henri Dickson; second, he is to capture or kill the creator of Alphaville, Professor von Braun; lastly, he aims to destroy Alphaville and its dictatorial computer, Alpha 60. Alpha 60 is a sentient computer system created by von Braun, which is in complete control of all of Alphaville.Alpha 60 has outlawed free thought and individualist concepts like love, poetry, and emotion in the city, replacing them with contradictory concepts or eliminating them altogether. One of Alpha 60's dictates is that "people should not ask 'why', but only say 'because'". People who show signs of emotion or refuse to adapt are presumed to be acting illogically and are executed by a variety of means: being machine gunned into a swimming pool, where they are stabbed by beautiful women to the applause of "very important people", or by attending the "execution theater", where they are electrocuted in their seats. A Bible and a dictionary in every hotel room are continually updated as words deemed to evoke emotion are banned. As a result, Alphaville is an inhuman, alienated society.Images of E = mc2 and E = hf (the equations of, respectively, special relativity and quantum mechanics) are displayed several times to refer to the scientism that underpins Alphaville. At one point, Caution passes through a place called the Grand Omega Minus, from where brainwashed people are sent out to the other "galaxies" to start strikes, revolutions, family rows, and student revolts. Caution is told that Alphaville plans to invade the "outer countries" and that his knowledge of them could be useful.As an archetypal American antihero private eye, with a trenchcoat, fedora hat, and weathered visage, Lemmy Caution's old-fashioned machismo conflicts with the puritanical computer. The opposition of his role to logic (and that of other dissidents to the regime) is represented by faux quotations from Capitale de la douleur ("Capital of Pain"), a book of poems by Paul Éluard.Caution meets Dickson, who starts making love to a "Seductress Third Class" but then dies while telling Caution to "make Alpha 60 destroy itself" and "save those who weep". Caution then enlists the assistance of Natacha von Braun, a programmer of Alpha 60 and daughter of Professor von Braun. Natacha is a citizen of Alphaville and, when questioned, says that she does not know the meaning of "love" or "conscience". Caution falls in love with her, and his love introduces emotion and unpredictability into the city. Natacha discovers, with the help of Lemmy Caution, that she was actually born outside Alphaville.Alpha 60 converses with Lemmy Caution several times, and its guttural voice seems to be ever-present in the city. The computer identifies Caution as a spy and sentences him to death, but he escapes, shooting and killing the men guarding him. He finds Professor von Braun, who was originally known as Leonard Nosferatu, but Caution is repeatedly told that Nosferatu no longer exists. The Professor offers Caution the chance to join Alphaville and even to rule a galaxy. When he refuses Caution's offer to go back to "the outlands", Caution kills him and escapes.Caution finally destroys or incapacitates Alpha 60 by telling it a riddle that involves something that it cannot comprehend: poetry. The concept of the individual self has been lost to the collectivized citizens of Alphaville, and this is the key to Caution's riddle. As the citizens collapse, Caution leaves Alphaville, with Natacha,  who eventually achieves an understanding of herself as an individual with desires. He tells her not to look back, and the film ends with her line "Je vous aime" ("I love you").
1155	Rendezvous in Paris (Rendez-vous de Paris, Les) (1995)	Comedy, Romance	Rendezvous in Paris (French: Les Rendez-vous de Paris) is a 1995 French romantic comedy anthology film written and directed by Éric Rohmer. The film consists of three loosely connected episodes revolving around chance meetings in Paris: "Le Rendez-vous de 7 heures" ("The Rendezvous at 7 P.M."), in which a student discovers her boyfriend is two-timing her; "Les Bancs de Paris" ("The Benches of Paris"), in which an unnamed woman has a series of meetings in parks with a handsome literature teacher from the suburbs; and "Mère et enfant 1907" ("Mother and Child 1907"), which takes its title from a Picasso painting, and centres on an artist who is attracted by a stranger. The three stories of the film are linked by a girl singing in the streets to an accordion accompaniment—a homage to René Clair's Under the Roofs of Paris (1930).
1156	Cyclo (1995)	Crime, Drama	The movie is about an 18-year-old who has been orphaned after his cyclo driver father died in collision with a truck. The father's desire was that the son would have a better life than he had but, because of family hardship, the boy has to take over his father's job, pedaling a cyclo taxi around the busy streets of Ho Chi Minh City. He lives in a small house, with his old grandfather, who repairs tires despite his failing health, his little sister, who shines shoes for local restaurant customers, and his older sister, who carries water at a local market.Their poor but peaceful lives are jeopardized when the cyclo is stolen by a gang. Having no money to pay his employer, the Lady, for the robbed cyclo, the boy is forced to join a criminal organization under the supervision of a brooding gang leader, who is also a poet.His older sister also comes under the influence of the Poet and becomes a prostitute. They develop feelings for each other and she visits his house where he is beaten by his father, furious about the profession he has taken. When the cyclo driver wants to join the gang, the Poet brings him to "Mr. Lullaby”, who slits a victim's throat while singing a lullaby.Ho Chi Minh City is hit by a gang war. The cyclo driver takes revenge and blinds one eye of the leader of the gang who stole his cyclo. He visits the Lady to pay part of his debt, but she refuses and becomes busy with her mentally disabled son, who has covered himself with yellow paint.The Poet assigns the cyclo driver the job of murdering a man. His two accomplices give him a gun and teach him how to kill the intended target. They also hand him a bottle of pills to reduce his anxiety but warn him not to take too many. The Poet and the cyclo driver's sister visit his childhood place. He leaves her in a nightclub with a client, who abuses her. The man offers compensation to the Poet, but the Poet kills him and later himself by setting fire to his room, on New Year’s Eve.The Lady's son is fatally hit by a fire truck that is en route to the fire. The cyclo driver gets drunk and takes two of the pills. He becomes hallucinatory in the flat where he has been forced to stay. Unable to carry out the job of killing the man, he covers himself with blue paint, and mistakenly shoots himself twice. The next morning, on Vietnamese New Year’s Day, two gang members find him badly injured. The Lady spares his life despite his failure because he reminds her of her deceased son, who used to cover himself in paint too, and releases him from the gang. The film ends with the cyclo driver, contemplating the memory of his father, driving his cyclo with his grandfather and sisters down a crowded road.
1157	Relic, The (1997)	Horror	John Whitney, an anthropologist for the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago, studies a tribe in South America and drinks a soup made by the tribesmen. Shortly after, Whitney accosts a merchant ship captain, asking him to remove the cargo he had intended to send to Chicago from the ship. Unwilling to delay the ship's departure, the captain refuses, and Whitney sneaks aboard. Unable to find his cargo, he cries out. Six weeks later, the ship arrives on Lake Michigan with its crew missing. Chicago PD homicide detective Lieutenant Vincent D'Agosta and his partner, Sergeant Hollingsworth, investigate the ship and find dozens of corpses in the bilge.Another seven days later, Margo Green, an evolutionary biologist, arrives at work at the museum and discovers that co-worker Greg Lee is applying for the same research grant she is, after he had gotten one for himself already. After their arrival by air, Margo and her mentor, Albert Frock, examine Whitney's crates and find them empty, except for a bed of leaves and a stone statue of the "Kothoga", a mythical forest monster. Margo notices a fungus on the leaves and sends it for analysis; the remaining leaves are incinerated. That night, security guard Frederick Ford is murdered like the ship's crew by an unseen creature. D'Agosta suspects a connection. Believing the killer is still inside the museum, he orders it closed until the police have finished searching. Ann Cuthbert, the museum director, protests and mentions a critical upcoming exhibition.Margo discovers the fungus contains concentrated hormones found in several animal species. In the container of leaves, she finds a mutated beetle with insect and reptilian DNA, which had slipped into the container some time prior. Margo crushes the mutant with a heavy book. Ford's autopsy reveals that his hypothalamus was extracted from his brain, like the bodies from the ship. In the museum's basement, the police are startled by a mentally ill, homeless ex-convict and kill him. Finding Ford's wallet on him, and an identity tag from one of the crew of the ship, everyone assumes that the suspect is dead, and considers the case closed. Despite this, D'Agosta remains sceptical, but Mayor Robert Owen and the museum’s head of security, Tom Parkinson, force him to let the exhibition proceed.D'Agosta orders a lockdown of all museum areas except the main exhibition hall on the night of the opening. Frock and Margo, trapped in the laboratory wing, continue working and discover that Ford's killer is after the hormones on the leaves. D'Agosta and several officers search the basement tunnels once again. They are attacked by the creature, killing K-9 Officer Bradley and a police dog. D'Agosta tells Hollingsworth to evacuate the museum, but it is too late. In the main hall, the headless body of a murdered policeman falls into the crowd, causing panic. During the hysteria, the museum's alarms are tripped, and their security system goes haywire, trapping a small group of people inside. Two security guards try to restore the power but are killed by an unseen creature.D'Agosta meets Margo and Frock in the lab, where the creature, revealed to be the Kothoga, an enormous chimeric beast, attacks them; they close a steel door to stop it. Margo theorizes the fungus mutated a smaller creature, and Frock says that without the leaves to eat, the Kothoga instinctively seeks the closest substitute, human hypothalami, until it runs out of targets and dies; he further postulates that the tribe knew of the fungus, and used it on a human or animal to deal with an external threat, then hid until the threat was neutralised. The Kothoga died of "starvation." D'Agosta finds a radio and tells Hollingsworth to lead the museum guests via an old coal tunnel. Tom, Greg, and benefactors Mr. and Mrs. Blaisedale refuse to go, and CPD officer McNally stays behind to guard them; the Kothoga returns to the main hall and murders them and the S.W.A.T. officers who enter through the skylights.Margo suggests using liquid nitrogen to kill the Kothoga, as it is part-reptilian and likely cold-blooded. While collecting the remaining leaves in the lab, Margo and D'Agosta discover Frock has been killed. In the sewers, D'Agosta uses the leaves to lure the Kothoga away from the coal tunnel, allowing the guests to escape, though CPD officer Bailey and a guest are both killed. However, liquid nitrogen does not affect the creature. Margo and D'Agosta flee. In the lab, her computer completes the analysis of the Kothoga's human DNA, revealing that John Whitney is the Kothoga, mutated after drinking the tribesmen's soup.The Kothoga smashes into the lab through the ceiling, while D'Agosta is locked outside. It chases Margo, corners her, and suddenly hesitates, seemingly recognizing her. Margo starts an explosive fire that incinerates the Kothoga, surviving by hiding inside a maceration tank. As dawn comes, D'Agosta and a team of police break into the lab, see the charred remains of the Kothoga, and rescue Margo from the tank.
1158	Fille seule, La (A Single Girl) (1995)	Drama	A Single Girl (French: La Fille seule) is a 1995 French drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot. It follows a day in the life of a young Parisian woman named Valérie (Virginie Ledoyen) who begins a new job at a four-star hotel the same day she reveals to her boyfriend (Benoît Magimel) that she is pregnant. The 90-minute film is shot in real time, with a very mobile camera style, recalling the French New Wave. This was the breakthrough role for the 19-year-old Ledoyen (who later became known in the United States for the 2000 film The Beach), and earned her a César Award nomination.
1159	Stalker (1979)	Mystery, Sci-Fi	A man works as a "Stalker", leading people through the "Zone", an area where the normal laws of physics do not apply, and remnants of seemingly extraterrestrial activity lie undisturbed among its ruins. At the heart of the Zone lies a "Room," which is said to grant the wishes of anyone who steps inside. The Zone contains ominous, supernatural hazards. The government bans anyone from entering the Zone and subjects Stalkers to long prison sentences if caught.The Stalker has just returned from prison to his wife and daughter. To his wife's horror, two men, a "Writer" and a "Professor," hire him to guide them to the Zone. He meets his clients in a rundown bar-café, and warns them that they must do exactly as he says to survive the dangers that lie ahead. He explains that the Zone is a living thing that visitors must respect, and warns that within the Zone, the straightest path is not always the shortest path. The group evades the Zone's military guards by following a train inside the gate. They ride into the heart of the Zone on a railway work car. The Stalker tests for gravitational anomalies by throwing metal nuts tied to strips of cloth. The Writer is skeptical of any real danger, but the Professor generally follows the Stalker's advice.As they travel, the three men discuss their reasons for wanting to visit the Room. The Writer expresses his fear of losing his inspiration. The Professor seems less anxious, but insists on carrying along a small backpack. The Professor admits he hopes to win a Nobel Prize for scientific analysis of the Zone. The Stalker insists that he has no motive beyond the altruistic aim of aiding the desperate to their desires; he mentions that his mentor, another stalker, obtained great riches by entering the Room, and then hanged himself. After traveling through the fields and tunnels, the three finally reach their destination: a decrepit industrial building. The men hesitate as the Room is guarded by a "Meat Grinder" anomaly that requires a death for someone to enter the Room proper, which causes an argument. In a small antechamber, a phone rings. The surprised Professor decides to use the phone to telephone his former boss to gloat about finding the Room. As the trio prepare to enter the Room, the Professor reveals his true intentions in undertaking the journey. The Professor has brought a 20-kiloton bomb to destroy the Room and prevent evil men from abusing it for their own gain. He blames the Room, the Stalkers, and their clients for the rise of crime, social strife, military coups, and destructive science. The three men enter a physical and verbal standoff just outside the Room that leaves them exhausted.It turns out that the Room's ability to grant one's deepest desire serves as a mirror into the soul. The Writer deduces that Stalker's mentor hanged himself because he sent his brother to his death in the Meat Grinder and entered the Room to wish for his brother back, only for the Room to realize that he valued money more than his brother's life. The Professor gives up on his plan of destroying the Room, and disassembles the bomb. Although the Writer asserts that it is impossible to use the Room for selfish reasons because nobody can know their true desires, no one attempts to enter the Room.The Stalker, the Writer, and the Professor are met back at the bar-café by the Stalker's wife and daughter. After returning home, the Stalker laments to his wife how humanity has lost its capacity for faith, which is needed to traverse the Zone and live a good life. As the Stalker sleeps, his wife contemplates their relationship in a monologue delivered directly to the camera. She says that she would prefer an interesting life of hardship than an easy, boring one. Martyshka, the couple's daughter, sits alone in the kitchen reading while a love poem by Fyodor Tyutchev is recited. She appears to use psychokinesis to push three drinking glasses across the table, but that is made ambiguous as simultaneously a train passes by the family's apartment and the whole room shakes.
1160	Love! Valour! Compassion! (1997)	Drama, Romance	The story of eight gay male friends who spend the three major holiday weekends of one summer (Memorial Day, the Fourth of July, and Labor Day) together at a lakeside house in Dutchess County, New York in the mid 1990s. The house belongs to Gregory, a successful Broadway choreographer now approaching middle age, who fears he is losing his creativity, and his twenty-something lover Bobby, a legal assistant who is blind. Each of the guests at their house is connected to Gregory's work in one way or another. Arthur and his longtime partner Perry are business consultants; John Jeckyll, a sour and promiscuous Englishman, is a dance accompanist; and die-hard musical theater fanatic Buzz Hauser is a costume designer and the most stereotypical gay man in the group. Only John's summer lover Ramon and twin brother James are outside the circle of friends. Ramon is outgoing and eventually makes a place for himself in the group, while James is such a gentle soul that he is quickly welcomed. Infidelity, flirting, AIDS, skinny-dipping, truth-telling, and soul-searching mix questions about life and death with a dress rehearsal for Swan Lake performed in drag.
1161	Palookaville (1996)	Action, Drama	Sid, Russ and Jerry are three wannabe criminals looking for easy money to break out of their nowhere lives. Despite a bungled jewelry store heist that exposes their incompetence, they are convinced they can pull off an armored-truck robbery. While plotting their caper, their dysfunctional families spin out of control all around them.
1162	Phat Beach (1996)	Comedy	Benny King, an overweight, self-conscious teen in Bakersfield, California, faces the prospect of a dismal summer when his father Carl pushes him to get a job at a hamburger joint. Carl wants Benny to develop a work ethic instead of sitting around the house all summer, writing and dreaming. Benny begrudgingly takes on the job, but continues to daydream about Candace, the girl of his dreams, and gets sidetracked by his hormonal friend Durrel Jackson.Durrel proposes an attractive alternative to Benny—heading off to the Southern California beaches. While Benny's family is on vacation, he borrows his father's Mercedes convertible and heads to Malibu with Durrel. Though Benny and Durrel intend to sell cheap sunglasses to beach-goers so Benny can afford a poetry class, Durrel gets distracted with all the attractive women around. Durrel proceeds to enjoy hook-ups with an assortment of women, while Benny is convinced he won't meet anyone because of his size. The duo get into a variety of misadventures, including running into Coolio at a first-class hotel and signing up for a volleyball tournament when they realize they are out of money.
1163	Portrait of a Lady, The (1996)	Drama	Isabel Archer is a woman who has already rejected many suitors, including the wealthy Lord Warburton and Caspar Goodwood, to whom she had initially given hope. Caspar's arrival is arranged by Henrietta, a close friend of Isabel who cares for her deeply. Isabel's strong character and free-spirited nature are adored by her cousin, Ralph Touchett, who persuades his father, her uncle, to give Isabel money so that she can be rich and independent. Upon her uncle's death, Isabel receives a fortune.Isabel encounters Madame Serena and instantly likes her. Learning about Isabel's wealth, Serena decides to arrange a marriage between Isabel and Serena's former lover Gilbert Osmond, who lives in Florence, Italy. Gilbert is a widower and has a daughter Pansy, who grew up in a convent and is not allowed to leave the house, even to walk in the garden, when her father is away. Isabel is enchanted by Gilbert and accepts the proposal; however, she is warned by Ralph that Gilbert is a "small man" and Isabel is giving up her dreams to be in a cage with a worthless husband. Isabel is enraged and slaps Ralph, to which he calmly answers that he said what he must, that he loves Isabel, and that he knows he has no hope. It is also evident that he is slowly dying from consumption.Gilbert is nice to Isabel until after they are married. Isabel finds herself trapped in Rome in an unhappy marriage with a fear of her abusive husband, who gradually disconnects her from all of her friends. Henrietta, Ralph, and Caspar all leave for England. Pansy is also a victim of her father's overly protective behavior; she is in love with Rosier, but Gilbert has decided to arrange a marriage between her and Lord Warburton, who is attentive to Pansy just to get closer to Isabel. Isabel sees the mutual love between Pansy and Rosier and is deeply moved. Gilbert sees through Isabel's schemes to prevent Pansy from becoming engaged to Warburton, but he is too late; Lord Warburton leaves Italy. Gilbert angrily slaps Isabel and steps on her dress so that she falls on the ground. Serena deeply regrets organizing the fateful union between Gilbert and Isabel.Isabel learns that Ralph is overtaken by consumption and is on his deathbed. She asks Gilbert to let her go to England to be with her dying cousin but receives a cold and negative answer. Pansy is sent to a convent away from her lover. Isabel is pitied by Gilbert's sister, who finally opens Isabel's eyes, telling her that Gilbert's first wife was childless and Pansy is, in fact, Gilbert and Serena's daughter. Isabel finally decides to go against her husband's wishes and leave for England. She visits Pansy and proposes to the girl to flee, but Pansy refuses, saying she wants to please her father. In the convent, Isabel also encounters Serena but proudly ignores her attempts to start a conversation. However, at the last minute before Isabel leaves, Serena runs to her - she has guessed Isabel is going to England to Ralph and reveals to Isabel that Ralph is the one who persuaded the uncle to give Isabel her fortune. On Ralph's deathbed, Isabel tearfully confesses that he has been her best friend and she loves him. Henrietta and Caspar attend Ralph's funeral. In the garden, Caspar tries to persuade Isabel to let go of her fear of her husband. They kiss passionately, but Isabel runs away to the house. She stops before the house door, and leans against it, looking back into the garden.
1164	Zeus and Roxanne (1997)	Children's	One morning, a dog named Zeus goes to the pier, spots a dolphin, and becomes fascinated by its movements. Afterwards, he returns home to his owner, Terry Barnett, an aspiring musician, and his son, Jordan, who appears to be taking care of him. Later that morning, Zeus chases a cat and subsequently destroys the outdoor garden of Mary Beth Dunhill, a marine biologist and the Barnetts' next-door neighbor. Terry calms Zeus down and apologizes to Mary Beth, although she is agitated by him.Mary Beth later goes to her workplace and is followed by Zeus, who notices her photo of the same dolphin from earlier. Upon arriving, she is met by her research partner, Becky, and her rival, Claude Carver. Mary Beth and Becky travel out to the ocean on a boat to follow the dolphin they are researching, whom they name Roxanne, and Zeus stows away with them. However, while in the middle of the ocean, he slips off. Roxanne saves him from a shark and gives him a ride back to the boat on her back, which surprises and fascinates Mary Beth and Becky, who find that Zeus and Roxanne can do "inter-species communication". While stopping over on the way home with Zeus, Mary Beth spots her two impossible daughters, Judith and Nora, skating against her wishes. Arriving home, she asks Jordan if she could borrow Zeus for her research on Roxanne, who she hopes to release back into the wild. Jordan agrees, and he and Terry accompany her on her research.During the following days, Terry begins to fall in love with Mary Beth as he manages to find inspiration for his music, while Jordan bonds with Judith and Nora. After Terry saves Judith and Nora while they are skating in a factory, Mary Beth asks him out on a date. After spending the night at a local beachside resort, they awkwardly kiss. Meanwhile, Claude, wanting research grant money to come to his research and not Mary Beth's, tries to steal hers, but winds up getting comically thwarted by Zeus. Then, he tries gaining the lead in her interspecies communication study, although his attempts to have one of his research dolphins bond with another animal fail one after another.Through the conniving of Jordan, Judith, and Nora, Terry decides to move into Mary Beth's house with Jordan and Zeus, but after seeing a photo of his late wife, he decides to pursue his original plan of traveling to another town to continue writing his music. This causes both Zeus and Roxanne distress. While staying at a hotel with his owners, Zeus runs away back to Mary Beth's research center. Noticing his disappearance and realizing where he was going, Terry and Jordan return to town, while Mary Beth uses a submersible to go down and investigate the seabed after Claude claims Roxanne was caught in an illegal fishing net and killed. Zeus returns to the research center, where he is captured by Claude, who intends to use him as bait to lure out Roxanne, who is in fact alive, and capture her. However, Zeus and Roxanne work together to trap him and his assistant in a net, where they are arrested by police.While exploring the seabed, Mary Beth's submersible's propeller is tangled in the fishing nets, and when she opens the main hatch thinking she'd escape through it, water begins flooding the interior. Roxanne leads Terry to Mary Beth, and he manages to free her from the trapped submersible. Afterwards, Jordan, Judith, and Nora convince him to marry her. During the wedding, she is given a grant for her research on Zeus and Roxanne. Immediately afterwards, a pod of dolphins appears, and Zeus convinces Roxanne to join them. Zeus watches happily with Terry, Mary Beth, Jordan, Judith, and Nora as Roxanne leaps into the air with the pod.
1165	Big Bully (1996)	Comedy, Drama	Growing up in Hastings, Minnesota in 1970, young David Leary was bullied by Roscoe Bigger, nicknamed "Fang" because of a pointed tooth. David is ecstatic when his parents announce they are moving to Oakland. David informs teachers about Fang stealing a Moon rock and Fang is arrested.Twenty-six years later in 1996, David is divorced and raising his troubled son Ben as a single parent. A published author (albeit not a popular one), David jumps at an offer from his old school to teach creative writing for the fall semester. He meets wacko neighbors Art and Betty Lundstrum and begins rekindling a relationship with his old flame Victoria. He also encounters the school librarian Mrs. Rumpert who is still waiting for David to return Green Eggs and Ham to the library. After Ben begins picking on a kid named Kirby, David meets the boy's father Ross Bigger when both are called to the office of Principal Kokelar. Following a fire drill, David meets with his old friend Ulf, a fire fighter. When meeting with Ulf, Alan, and Gerry at a bar, David learns that after Ross got out of juvenile hall, Ross' parents skipped town which led to him growing up in an orphanage.When Ross learns who David is, he resumes his old routine of bullying him to make himself feel better. Ross drops his mild-mannered, pushover attitude and begins taking charge in his classroom and home. David's son begins bullying Ross' son, but after a discussion, they become friends. Ross' intimidation tactics cause David to become paranoid, which unnerves another teacher named Clark, who thinks David is on crack. When David brings Ross' actions to Principal Kokelar after a recent pranking, the principal sides with Ross due to his seniority at the school and reveals that he has gotten some complaints from Clark about David. He warns David that if he can't straighten up his act, he will get another teacher to cover for him for the remainder of the semester.Later that night, David and Ross meet at the old see-saw, where Ross reaffirms that David has never stood up for himself, while David admits snitching to get Ross put in Juvenile hall. After a game of cat-and-mouse in the school after hours, David flees to his old childhood hiding place in a cave. Ross chases him onto a waterfall and tells David that he always thought of him as a friend, before attacking him. David hits Ross with a piece of driftwood causing him to fall into the river. Fearing that he has killed his enemy, David tries to turn himself over to the police, only to find that the cops are out. Ulf drives David to his home while he tries to find Ross' body. After a talk with Art, David attempts to go to sleep only to ambushed by Ross. The two men fight once again until Kirby and Ben come in and reveal that they've made up and encourage their fathers to do the same. Ross reveals he stole the moon rock because he wanted to be an astronaut. It is also shown that during their recent fight, Ross' "fang" was chipped. They finally patch things up.After finishing the semester, David begins to pack up to move to New York. He has Victoria return Green Eggs and Ham to the school library for him. Ross arrives and has a goodbye present for David: an Evel Knievel action figure identical to the one David had as a child before Ross threw it into a river. David invites them to visit, and the changed family leaves. Ross hooks up his mobile home to his truck, and follows David, telling his family they have been "invited" to come to New York and that's why they call it a "mobile home."
1166	Love & Human Remains (1993)	Comedy	Love and Human Remains is a 1993 Canadian film directed by Denys Arcand and based on Brad Fraser's stage play Unidentified Human Remains and the True Nature of Love. Fraser also wrote the screenplay for the film adaptation. The film version follows the story line of the original play fairly closely: a gay man and his heterosexual, female roommate (who sexually experiments by having sex with a lesbian) try to find love and sexual gratification in Edmonton, as a serial killer is loose in the city. While the film was shot on location in Montreal, Quebec, the original stage play and the screenplay are both set in Edmonton, Alberta. There are attempts made in the dialogue, props and background film footage to identify the city as Edmonton, as in David's remark, "Let's order a Rosebowl pizza and discuss your sexual crises" (Rose Bowl Pizza was a well-known restaurant and bar in Edmonton). In another scene, the TV news reporter signs off from "CFR-" and gets cut off by the TV remote control before she can say "-N", the final call letter of Edmonton's CTV affiliate station. Sal's remark, "It's chicken night at Flash", is an allusion to Flashback, a long-gone Edmonton gay bar. There's also repeated use of a Sun newspaper (the Edmonton Sun is one of the city's major daily newspapers, although the city's name is not included in the masthead of the prop paper) and CBC-TV Canadian Football League footage of an Edmonton Eskimos game. Fraser won a Genie Award for his adapted screenplay, while stars Mia Kirshner, Joanne Vannicola and Matthew Ferguson received acting nominations. In 2011, it was finally released on Region 1 DVD from Sony Pictures Classic's MOD service. It is also available in the UK on a Region 0 ("region-free") PAL DVD issued by Arrow Films.
1167	Sum of Us, The (1994)	Comedy	Widower Harry Mitchell (Thompson) lives with his gay son Jeff (Crowe), with both men struggling in their searches for true love. Harry is completely comfortable with his son's sexuality, and is almost over-eager in his support for his son's search for a boyfriend. Harry meets an attractive but judgmental divorcee through a dating service, and this leads to some conflict between the two main characters. However, when Harry suffers a stroke and loses the power of speech, the story takes a darker turn, becoming a meditation on the enduring strength of love, both familial and romantic, in the face of adversity.
1168	Little Buddha (1993)	Drama	Tibetan Buddhist monks from a monastery in Bhutan (Rinpung Dzong), led by Lama Norbu, are searching for a child who is the rebirth of a great Buddhist teacher, Lama Dorje. Lama Norbu and his fellow monks believe they have found a candidate for the child in whom Lama Dorje is reborn: an American boy named Jesse Conrad, the young son of an architect and a teacher who live in Seattle. The monks come to Seattle in order to meet the boy.Jesse is fascinated with the monks and their way of life, but his parents, Dean and Lisa, are wary, and that wariness turns into near-hostility when Norbu announces that he wants to take Jesse back with him to Bhutan to be tested. Dean changes his mind, however, when one of his close friends and colleagues commits suicide because he went broke. Dean then decides to travel to Bhutan with Jesse. In Nepal, two children who are also candidates for the rebirth are encountered, Raju and Gita.In Lumbini, Nepal, a prince called Siddhartha turns his back on his comfortable and protected life, and sets out on a journey to solve the problem of universal suffering. As he progresses, he learns profound truths about the nature of life, consciousness, and reality. Ultimately, he battles Mara (a demon representing the ego), who repeatedly tries to divert and destroy Siddhartha. Through the final complete realization of the illusory nature of his own ego, Siddhartha attains enlightenment and becomes the Buddha.Sometime later, it is found that all three children are rebirths of Lama Dorje, separate manifestations of his body (Raju), speech (Gita), and mind (Jesse). A ceremony is held and Jesse's father also learns some of the essential truths of Buddhism. His work finished, Lama Norbu enters a deep state of meditation and dies. As the funeral ceremony begins, Lama Norbu speaks to the children, seemingly from a higher plane, telling them to have compassion; the children are then seen distributing his ashes.In a post-credits scene, the sand mandala that was seen being constructed during the movie is destroyed with a stroke.
1169	Fresh (1994)	Drama	Twelve-year-old Michael, nicknamed "Fresh", stops at a woman's apartment to pick up dime bags of heroin before he goes to school. Next, he visits another apartment where several women and one man, Herbie, are measuring and cutting bricks of heroin. Fresh meets up with another of his boss Esteban's employees to count the drugs.Fresh arrives late at school, where he is scolded by his teacher. At recess, Fresh and his best friend, Chuckie, watch the girls' cheerleading team, and Fresh talks to one of the girls, Rosie. After school, he goes to his grandmother's house where his aunt and eleven cousins live.The next day, Jake, one of the lookouts, threatens to kill Kermit, who didn't show up to pay the $50 he owes. Fresh seeks out Corky — his boss as well as Jake's — in order to get paid and demands more money since the lookouts make $50, while his pay is $100 for selling the drugs. Corky agrees.Fresh takes the subway to Washington Square to play chess for cash with a man who is undefeated while his father Sam, a skilled chess player, watches. After winning, Fresh plays his father but loses. Fresh visits Chuckie, who proposes to enter their dog, Roscoe, in a dogfight to earn cash and urges Fresh to get him a job with Esteban. Fresh leaves him to visit Esteban, who is annoyed that Fresh is selling crack for other drug dealers. Fresh leaves Esteban to go to where his sister Nichole works. He bumps into James, Nichole's drug-dealing boyfriend. Fresh warns Nichole that Esteban is interested in her.Fresh goes to watch a neighborhood basketball game, where Jake shows jealousy towards a smaller kid, Curtis. During the game, Curtis wins, and Jake kills him. Rosie is struck in the neck by a stray bullet and dies. The police arrive, demanding information that Fresh refuses to provide.The next day, Fresh plays chess with his father Sam again and loses but puts his father’s king in "check" for the first time. Later, Chuckie and Fresh arrive at the dogfight. Their dog Roscoe wins. Chuckie wants to enter him into another fight but Fresh stops him, agreeing to get him a job with Esteban. They go to Esteban's apartment where Esteban and Nichole are finishing having sex. Unimpressed with Chuckie, Esteban dismisses him and tells Fresh that he plans to groom him to be his protege and wants him to work for him only.Meanwhile, Corky has had the police's attention since Jake's shooting. Fresh takes his savings to a cocaine source, Hector (Anthony Ruiz), under the pretense of being the runner for Corky. Hector refuses to hand over the drugs to Fresh. Fresh threatens him and offers him  all of his savings. Hector takes the cash and tells Fresh where to pick up the drugs. Fresh says that the police have wire-tapped Corky's phone numbers and tells Hector not to call Corky.After school, Chuckie and Fresh buy science textbooks to hide the drugs. They go to an abandoned house where Fresh is replacing their heroin stash with Hector's cocaine, while Chuckie keeps a lookout thinking he's just there to hide it. When they are leaving, three armed men arrive and kill Chuckie. Fresh is questioned by the police but is let go.Back at home, Fresh's aunt tells him that she cannot risk the lives of her eleven other children for him and informs him that he will be sent to a group home. At school, Fresh's friends blame him for Chuckie's death and now truly alone, Fresh kills Roscoe. When he goes outside, Jake forces him into the car with the three assailants, revealing that Jake was behind the ambush on the kids. They bring Fresh to Corky, who is upset with Chuckie's bragging about moving cocaine for Esteban - the same drugs that Corky is selling - and that Esteban is encroaching on his product. The drugs that Jake and the assailants took from Chuckie's bag reveal that both Fresh and Chuckie were carrying crack cocaine.Fresh lies, stating that he was being forced to sell for Jake. Corky's henchmen turn on Jake and his friend, Red. Fresh insists that Jake and Red were planning to oust Corky and he was only saying that he was selling for Esteban as protection. Fresh tells them to call Hector, who will reveal the truth. Corky calls Hector, who expresses concern over Corky's phone being wire-tapped, as Fresh told Hector. Corky then kills Red and Jake and asks who else is involved. Fresh names James.Fresh then goes to Esteban's warehouse and tells him that Corky's crew had jumped him and that Corky is planning to sell heroin. He tells Esteban that Corky's distributor is James and the two are planning to meet that night. He adds that Nichole is seeing James secretly because James is plotting with Corky to kill Esteban. Corky and his men arrive at James' place and storm in while Esteban, Fresh, and two other men wait in Esteban's car. Inside, Esteban's crew kills James, Corky, and Corky's men.Afterward, they drive to Esteban's place, and Esteban sees that Nichole is there. He tells his henchmen to take Fresh home. Fresh makes them stop the car and leaves. He runs into a convenience store and makes a phone call. He then shows up at Esteban's apartment. Esteban lets him stay because he wants to confront Fresh for telling Nichole that he found her father in Staten Island and for urging her to leave for a rehabilitation center.Angry, Esteban demands to know what else Fresh is hiding. The police arrive, and as Esteban answers the door, Fresh hides something under the bed. The police officer is Sgt. Perez, responding to a call about a domestic dispute, presumably the call Fresh made before he visited Esteban. Fresh tells Perez that Esteban is a drug dealer who killed James, Corky, and several others that night, and his sister is scared to speak up since he is threatening her. Perez checks under the bed and finds Esteban's gun, which he removed from the car after the shooting earlier, and the drugs Fresh planted. The police take Esteban away. Perez promises witness protection for Fresh and his sister.The movie concludes with Fresh meeting his father again to play chess. His father berates him for being late, then looks up and sees Fresh sobbing.
1170	Spanking the Monkey (1994)	Comedy, Drama	Ray Aibelli has finished his first year of college at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He plans to spend his summer taking advantage of the prestigious medical internship he earned; however, he has to forego the award to take care of his mother, Susan Aibelli. She has suffered a leg injury keeping her homebound just as her husband, Tom, is about to leave for an extended period to work as a traveling salesman. Ray's relationship with his overly controlling father is troubled. Meanwhile, his parents also have a strained relationship with one another. Susan often feels lonely and disappointed by a lack of achievement in life while Tom regularly cheats on his wife with sex workers.Ray feels obliged to take care of his mother. While helping her shower, he glimpses her naked and experiences a sexual attraction towards her. This leads to a moment of mutually accepted intimacy when he massages her upper thigh. He feels extreme guilt for his incestuous feelings and rubs his skin raw to punish himself. His sexual frustration is exacerbated when while trying to masturbate he is unable to do so, due to the family's dog repeatedly interrupting him. He seeks refuge through his friends from high school.  However, they are immature and Ray feels increasingly alienated from them. Seeking connection, he begins a relationship with local teenager Toni Peck whom he struggles to communicate with, both socially and during sex, leading to her rebuffing him.Feeling isolated, Ray turns to his mother and shares with her his recent sexual encounter with Toni, and she offers him sexual advice. He later openly stares at his mother's body in the shower, increasing their physical intimacy. Just as things are escalating between Ray and his mother, Ray has an opportunity to leave his mother behind when his Aunt Helen offers to be Susan's caretaker. He excitedly prepares to leave the next day. Despite this, Ray and Susan have another sexual encounter after Helen annoys them both. This happens late at night and leads to Ray missing his bus the next day. Then, Ray's father informs him that he will no longer be able to pay for his university tuition causing Ray's concern about his future to increase.Toni and Ray resume their sexual relationship and are kissing when Susan interrupts them. She slaps Toni, injuring her. Ray and Susan have a loud argument that quickly devolves into groping and kissing. Meanwhile, Toni flees and is comforted by her father who then confronts Ray; however, Susan flirts with Toni's father, distracting him from punishing Ray.Ray attempts to commit suicide by hanging himself from the bathroom door but Susan interrupts him. Frustrated, he complains that he can't achieve anything and attempts to initiate sexual contact with Susan. He kisses her passionately but then pulls back and attempts to strangle her to death, but then stops himself. He accepts an invitation from his friends to hang out with them again, joining them near the river. After being provoked by one of his friends, he jumps off a cliff. Early the next morning, Ray is seen hitching a ride with a truck driver.
1171	Wild Reeds (1994)	Drama	The film is set in southwest France in 1962. François (Gaël Morel), a shy young man from the lower middle class, is working towards his high school diploma. He spends most of his time talking about movies and literature with his best friend, Maïté (Élodie Bouchez), whose mother Mme Alvarez (Michèle Moretti) is François's French teacher. Mme Alvarez and Maïté are communists. At the boarding school, François becomes acquainted with Serge (Stéphane Rideau), the sensual son of immigrant farmers. At night, he joins François in the dormitory to chat. Finally, Serge draws François into an erotic relationship.François discovers his homosexuality and develops a deep attraction for Serge, who has only acted out of curiosity. François confides this discovery to Maïté, who swallows her disappointment and encourages him to come out of the closet. When Serge becomes increasingly interested in Maïté, she declares herself to be interested in nobody.Serge's brother Pierre dies while serving in the army in Algeria, and Maïté's mother suffers a nervous breakdown, having previously refused to help Pierre desert. An Algerian-born French exile, Henri (Frédéric Gorny), enrolls in the boys' boarding school and aggravates their conflicts, adding a political conflict. He is obsessed with events in Algeria and supports the OAS, which opposes Algerian independence and defends the rights of French settlers there. He treats François without sympathy and bluntly tells him to own up to his homosexuality. His political stance provokes Serge's hatred. Henri finally engages Maïté, his political opposite, and they yield to their mutual attraction.Each member of the quartet develops in the course of the film, shifting repeatedly from stubborn positions to more flexible appreciations of their circumstances, explained in French class by a reading of "The Oak and the Reed", one of La Fontaine's Fables.
1172	Women, The (1939)	Comedy	The film focuses on the lives and relationships of a group of Manhattan women and the scores of women who work for them. It centers on Mary Haines, the cheerful, contented wife of Stephen, her daughter Mary, and her circle of "friends". Mary's cousin Sylvia Fowler goes to Sydney's elite salon to get the latest nail color: Jungle Red. Olga, the manicurist, reveals that Mary's husband has been "stepping out" with a predatory perfume counter girl named Crystal Allen. Sylvia eagerly shares the news with Mary's friends and sets Mary up with Olga.Mary is shattered to learn about Stephen's infidelity. Her mother urges patience and takes Mary to Bermuda with her, so she can take time to think. When they return, Mary goes to a couturier for a fitting. Crystal appears, ordering expensive clothes. Stephen is now keeping her. At Sylvia's insistence, Mary confronts Crystal, who suggests that Mary keep the status quo unless she wants to lose Stephen in a divorce. Heartbroken and humiliated, Mary leaves. The gossip continues, exacerbated by Sylvia and their friend Edith, who turns the affair into a public scandal by recounting Sylvia's version of the story to a gossip columnist. Mary decides to divorce her husband despite his efforts to make her stay. As she packs to leave for Reno, Mary explains the divorce to Little Mary, who weeps alone in the bathroom.On the train to Reno, Mary meets three women with the same destination and purpose: the dramatic, extravagant Countess de Lave; Miriam Aarons, a tough-cookie chorus girl; and, to her surprise, her shy young friend Peggy Day, who has been pushed into divorce by Sylvia. They all settle in at a Reno ranch, where they get plenty of commonsense advice from Lucy, the gruff, warm-hearted woman who runs the ranch. The Countess tells tales of her multiple husbands and seems to have found another prospect in a cowboy named Buck Winston. Miriam has been having an affair with Sylvia Fowler's husband and plans to marry him. Peggy discovers that she is pregnant, calls her husband, and happily plans to hurry home. Sylvia arrives at the ranch; Howard is suing her, thanks to recorded evidence of mental cruelty. When she discovers that Miriam is the next Mrs. Fowler, she attacks her, and a fight ensues.Mary's divorce comes through, but Miriam tries to convince her that she should forget her pride and call Stephen. Before Mary can decide, Stephen calls to inform Mary that he and Crystal have just been married.Two years later, Crystal, now Mrs. Haines, is taking a bubble bath and talking on the phone to her lover, Buck Winston, now a radio star and married to the Countess. Little Mary overhears the conversation before being shooed away by Crystal. Sylvia picks up the phone and hears the voice of Crystal's lover.Mary hosts a dinner for her Reno buddies and her Manhattan friends—excepting Sylvia—celebrating Buck and the Countess's second anniversary. The Countess, Miriam, and Peggy urge Mary to come along to a nightclub, but she stays home. Little Mary inadvertently reveals how unhappy Stephen is and mentions Crystal's "lovey dovey" talk with Buck on the telephone. Mary is transformed, crying "I've had two years to grow claws, Mother—Jungle Red!"In the nightclub's ladies' lounge, Mary worms the details out of Sylvia and gets the news to a gossip columnist (played by Hedda Hopper). Mary tells the Countess that her husband Buck has been having an affair with Crystal, then informs Crystal that everyone knows what she has been doing. Crystal does not care. Mary can have Stephen back, since she will now have Buck to support her. The weeping Countess reveals that she has been funding Buck's radio career and that without her, he will be penniless and jobless. Crystal resigns herself to the fact that she will be heading back to the perfume counter, adding: "And by the way, there's a name for you ladies, but it isn't used in high society—outside of a kennel." Mary, triumphant, heads out the door, arms wide open to receive Stephen.
1173	Bliss (1997)	Drama, Romance	Bliss is a 1997 American erotic drama film written and directed by Lance Young, in his film debut. It stars Sheryl Lee, Craig Sheffer, and Terence Stamp. The film also features appearances by Lance Young's sister, Leigh Taylor-Young, as well as Molly Parker. The story revolves around a young married couple who are trying to address issues impacting their sex life. The film is also a surreptitious analysis on the teachings of tantric sex. Media attention on the film was limited yet the reception was divided among the critics. It was screened during the opening of the San Francisco International Film Festival.
1174	Caught (1996)	Drama, Thriller	Married couple Joe and Betty own and run a small Jersey City retail fish market. Their son, Danny, has left for Los Angeles to become an actor. Joe feels that Betty interferes with his work. By contrast, Betty feels neglected by Joe.Into their life comes Nick, a young homeless man. Joe and Betty take a liking to Nick and offer him a job as well as lodging in Danny's old room. Nick becomes an apprentice to Joe. Nick also shows an interest in Betty, and it's mutual.When Danny returns home, he finds that he has been all but replaced by a surrogate son, and also suspects that this interloper is having an affair with his mother.
1175	Hugo Pool (1997)	Romance	Hugo Dugay runs a small company, Hugo Pool, that cleans swimming pools in Los Angeles. The film covers one day in her life, during which she must clean many pools in the midst of a drought that interferes with her usual water supply. In addition to dealing with several eccentric customers, including mobster Chick Chicalini and filmmaker Franz Mazur, Hugo must care for her needy parents Minerva and Henry.  Also, Hugo may be falling in love with Floyd Gaylen, a customer of hers who has ALS.
1176	Welcome To Sarajevo (1997)	Drama, War	In 1992, ITN reporter Michael Henderson travels to Sarajevo, the besieged capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina, during the ongoing war. There, he meets American star journalist Jimmy Flynn on the chase for the most exciting stories and pictures.Henderson and Flynn have friendly discussions and differences in the intervals between reporting. They stay at the Holiday Inn, which was the primary hotel for the press in Sarajevo during the siege. After a previous translator proves corrupt and inept, ITN hires Risto Bavić to be Henderson's translator.Their work permits them harrowing and unobstructed views of the suffering of the people of Sarajevo. The situation changes when Henderson makes a report from Ljubica Ivezic, an orphanage located on the front lines, in which two hundred children live in desperate conditions. After increasingly indiscriminate attacks fail to make the lead story in the United Kingdom, Henderson makes the orphanage his lead story to try to bring full attention to the war and encourage the evacuation of the children to safety.When American aid worker Nina organizes a UN-sanctioned bus-borne evacuation of Sarajevan children to Italy, Henderson convinces her to include Emira, a Bosniak girl from the orphanage, to whom Henderson had made a promise to evacuate. Nina knows this is an illegal act, only transfers to relatives abroad have been authorised, but the orphanage director allows it because of the desperate circumstances. Henderson and his cameraman accompany the evacuation under the pretense of covering it as a news story. However, Bosnian Serbs hinder the evacuation at several points along its route. In the final harassment, armed Chetniks halt the bus, select and forcibly disembark the Bosnian Serb orphans, identifying them through their first names, and take them away on their lorry, as they refuse to let them go to the West.Henderson makes it home to London with Emira, adopting her into his family. After several months, Henderson receives word from a former producer in Sarajevo that Emira's estranged mother wants her back. Henderson, who didn't know that her mother was living, returns to Sarajevo, now driven not only by the siege but also by organised crime, and seeks out Risto, who has become a Bosnian soldier.Henderson asks him to help find Emira's mother. They discover from a relative that Emira was put into the orphanage as an infant by her mother under familial pressure. When Risto is killed in his home by a sniper, Henderson asks for help from Zeljko, a concierge at the Holiday Inn, who Henderson had helped in the past. Zeljko negotiates the streets and road-blocks that lead to Emira's mother, who is desperate for the girl to live with her. However, she is persuaded that Emira is happy in England and so signs the adoption papers.A running joke in the movie is the designation by a UN official that Sarajevo was only the 14th worst crisis in the world. In the middle of the movie, Harun, a cellist friend of Risto, says that he would play a concert on the streets of Sarajevo once it is designated the worst place on Earth. Though he acknowledges the danger, he claims that "the people will die happily listening to my music." The movie ends with Harun holding a "concert of peace" on a hill overlooking Sarajevo, playing his cello to hundreds of Sarajevans. Among the attendees are Henderson, Flynn and several children from the orphanage. Henderson gives Harun a sad smile; the concert is beautiful, but it also means that Sarajevo had, indeed, become the worst place on Earth.The closing credits say that Emira still lives in England.
1177	Dunston Checks In (1996)	Comedy	At the prestigious five-star Majestic Hotel, guest Lionel Spalding and his dog Neil fall victim to an overflowing fountain, the result of a prank by Kyle and Brian Grant, sons of the hotel's widowed manager Robert. Though disappointed in his sons' behavior, Robert promises them a vacation in Barbados - a trip that's already been postponed twice. However, the strict hotel owner Elena Dubrow forces another cancellation due to the upcoming Crystal Ball, where they expect a critic from the Le Monde Traveller Organization to potentially award the hotel a sixth star.The hotel welcomes "Lord" Rutledge, a jewel thief mistaken by Mrs. Dubrow for the expected critic, who arrives with his orangutan Dunston. Having trained both Dunston and his deceased brother Samson as theft accomplices since birth, Rutledge maintains cruel control over Dunston, who yearns to escape his criminal life. During one of Rutledge's schemes, Kyle accidentally releases a pulley, sending Brian tumbling down a laundry chute. In the ensuing chaos, Dunston escapes Rutledge's supervision.Kyle discovers and befriends the fugitive orangutan, promising him protection. However, Dunston's presence creates havoc throughout the hotel, disrupting Spalding's exercise routine and Mrs. Angela Dellacroce's massage session. Robert, upon discovering the orangutan, hires animal control specialist Buck LaFarge to remove him.After LaFarge's initial capture attempt fails, the Grant brothers hide Dunston in the royal suite under the alias Dr. Lam Binh Ngoc. Rutledge tracks down Dunston through his substantial banana orders, ties up and gags Kyle, leaving him in a hotel bath tub, but both he and Dunston escape to the Crystal Ball. Armed with photographic evidence of Rutledge's true identity featuring Dunston and Samson, the boys alert their father. While Robert confronts Rutledge in the kitchen, the brothers search for Dunston while evading LaFarge and Mrs. Dubrow. The situation culminates in Dunston pushing Mrs. Dubrow into the celebration cake.In the aftermath, Rutledge is arrested, LaFarge apologizes to Dunston (who responds with a slap), and Robert finally stands up to Mrs. Dubrow, who fires him, while the true critic is revealed to be none other than Spalding, who, having suffered numerous indignities throughout his stay, declares Mrs. Dubrow has reduced the hotel's rating from five stars to one. Afterwards, Mrs. Dubrow's much kinder husband Victor arranges for the Grants to manage a Majestic Hotel in Bali, where they can keep Dunston. They extend a peace offering to Spalding with complimentary accommodations, though the gesture is somewhat undermined when Dunston drops a coconut on his head in the final scene.
1178	Major Payne (1994)	Comedy	Fort Payne is a city in and county seat of DeKalb County, in northeastern Alabama, United States. It is near Lookout Mountain. At the 2020 census, the population was 14,877. This city developed around a fort of the same name, built in the 1830s to intern the Cherokee tribe who were being rounded up by the military before being forcibly removed to Indian Territory in 1838 on what they called the Trail of Tears. European-American settlers gradually developed a community around the former fort. It grew rapidly in the late 19th century based on industrial resources, and manufacturing increased in the early 20th century. At the beginning of the 21st century, it still had 7000 workers in 100 mills producing varieties of socks, nearly half the world production. The volume of production has declined because of competition from China.
1179	Man of the House (1995)	Comedy	Five-year-old Ben Archer watches silently as his father starts up his car and drives away with his secretary, and they both offer only a wave out the window in parting. His mother, Sandy, can only watch heartbroken from the window of their house as her ex-husband leaves them. Ben's father promised to visit him, yet never comes back. They are both upset, but they decide to have a fresh start, so they move into a loft apartment in downtown Seattle to begin a new life with just the two of them. Sandy makes creative efforts to turn it into a home for them. They gradually overcome his father leaving and foster a very close bond with important rituals and routines, including making a collage with beach debris. Sandy develops an interest in dating, but her suitors never fit well and do not last long, which allows Ben's ideal relationship with his mother to resume. Five years later, however, Sandy decides she is ready for marriage again, and begins seriously dating U.S. Federal Prosecutor, Attorney Jack Sturges.In Federal Court, Jack successfully prosecutes mobster Frank Renda for drug trafficking. Before being sentenced to fifty years in federal prison at Sheridan, the elderly Frank makes a veiled threat of revenge towards Jack. After court is adjourned, Frank's son Joey rephrases the threat in a more intimidating manner, but Jack does not back down and then dismisses him entirely. Sandy and Jack discuss his moving in, of which eleven-year-old Ben does not approve despite his mother's reassurance that it is only a trial period. Jack is confident he can win him over, telling Sandy he has read every book on stepparenting he could find.The transition does not go smoothly for Ben, as he resentfully feels he is the one suffering all of the adjustments and that his mother is making the same mistake she made with his father, so he resorts to ensuring Jack is as uncomfortable and unwelcome as possible. Jack tries taking the subterfuge in stride, not realizing it is deliberate, but his efforts to connect with the boy are met with irritation as he only succeeds in disrupting Ben's customary lifestyle. After meeting a boy named Norman Bronski at school, Ben feigns interest in joining the Indian Guides – a YMCA father son program – with Jack to secretly drive a wedge between them and get rid of him. Despite reluctance, Jack goes along with it at Sandy's insistence, and he and Ben join Norman's "tribe", the Minotauks. Neither of them like the club, but Ben manages to effectively humiliate Jack at meetings.Once it starts interfering with his job, Jack tells Sandy he can no longer be part of it. Ben fakes distress by this and compares it to his father leaving to turn Sandy against her boyfriend.  Jack goes to apologize, and instead overhears Ben bragging about everything over the phone to his best friend Monroe. Although he is disheartened by this revelation, Jack does not tell Sandy about it and instead seeks advice from high school woodshop teacher and fellow stepfather Chet Bronski, who is the Indian Guides chief. Chet tells Jack the reason why Ben is doing this is because he is afraid Jack will take his mother away from him. Chet was like Jack himself — Norman and Chet never got along, but the Indian Guides help them have a great relationship. Jack decides that this is what he will do. He then redoubles his efforts to bond with Ben by improving the Indian Guides. Meanwhile, Ben starts to connect with Norman and they become close friends after a sleepover. Just as Jack starts to strengthen his relationship with Ben, Joey's threat catches up with him: the brakes on his Ford Explorer are cut, but Jack manages to avoid a more serious crash and ends up in Puget Sound. This causes him to miss an important canoe trip he promised to attend. Ben, having finally opened up, is genuinely hurt by this perceived betrayal to the point of tears, as it brings up bad memories of his father's broken promises.Ben returns home at the same time Jack does, he tells Ben that he had car trouble and was unable to get to the canoe trip on time and that he's sorry, but then Jack tells Ben that Chet had planned a camping trip for the Indian Guides on the 4th of July and that Jack promises Ben that they will go on the trip no matter what happens. Jack conceals the truth and refuses his boss Bob's order to transfer to Portland, Oregon so he can redeem himself to go camping. His initial attempts are unsuccessful, and he feels the situation is hopeless. Joey and his two goons, Murray and Tony, are then discovered in the woods with rifles by Ben planning to kill Jack, and Jack confesses the truth behind his "car trouble" which garners Ben's forgiveness and understanding as he now knows Jack did not intentionally betray his trust like his father. Jack sends the rest of the Indian Guides to the ranger station while he and Ben (who returned to help him) improvise to distract the criminals.The pair is eventually cornered in front of an abandoned mine shaft entrance rigged with dynamite, until they are rescued by the Minotauks and the crooks are disabled. Ben is impressed and finally gives his approval of Jack and consents to Jack proposing to Sandy. The two complete the beach collage, which symbolizes that the three of them are finally whole as a family. Jack and Sandy marry, with the Minotauks in attendance at the wedding, and despite nothing being perfect, all are happy.
1180	I Love Trouble (1994)	Action, Comedy	Peter, a famous reporter from Chicago Chronicle, meets Sabrina, a budding one from Chicago Globe. Both cover a train crash from different angles, and a competition begins.A Danny Brown calls Sabrina, and says he picked up a briefcase at the site of the crash. She goes to meet him at a deserted building, but finds him with a bullet in his head, and "LDI" written on his palm. A thin man with a briefcase watches her drive away.Sabrina & Peter see each other at night in an elevator. A gunman targets them, but they evade him and he falls down from above the elevator. A paper with "307" falls from his person.They go to see Mrs. Beekman, where Sabrina wants to quit the story and Peter agrees. But they soon see one another again on the same flight on side by side seats, indicating that neither actually quit. He suggests teaming up, but they spy on each other.They summarize their findings that Beekman, a genetic pioneer, died a week before the train crash. His son had something on a briefcase, and dies in the crash. Peter writes LDF on a piece of paper, which is genetically engineered hormone LDF. The thief of the briefcase had LDI on his palm - couldn't finish the last letter "F".They speak with Sam, who says that Wilson Chess could revolutionize the dairy industry - a profit of $1 billion per year. A car tries to run them all over, but they manage to dive away.Wilson Chess meets with Sabrina and Peter on his company property, and they discover that Chess was expelled from Yale because he burned down the English building as a revenge act, along with classmate Vargas.Sabrina and Peter meet up at a restaurant and look at a photo taken of the company employees at a party: they identify Chess, Beekman & Hervey, a research scientist. They theorize that the LDF had a problem. Chess wanted to fake results, but Beekman refused. Beekman took the true results and gave them to his son, who was murdered on the train. They drive out of the restaurant, and a man points a gun at them from the back seat. They get rid of him by driving fast, but the car breaks down in the forest. Eventually they meet a bunch of campers and are rescued.Walking on the streets of Nevada, they are followed by the thin man. To escape him, they enter a wedding chapel and pretend to get married, but are married for real. They decide to have their marriage annulled in the morning.Peter returns to Chess, and sees Sabrina undercover as a guide, who has him thrown out because she wants to have the exclusive story. Sam tells Wilson Chess that Sabrina is working at his company.While getting on the plane, Peter calls Sam, and is told that his phone is extension 307 - same as note on the paper that the gunman had earlier. Peter realizes that Sam is with Chess, so he gets down and hitchhikes a ride to Chess.Sabrina tries a disk at Chess and decodes it, but Sam finds her, and reveals that he is Vargas. The Thin man and Chess also arrive and they agree to kill Sabrina to destroy the evidence. Sabrina sees Peter hiding and asks for the dying wish as the interview to know what really transpired. Turns out that the LDF hormone causes cancer in lab animals. Beekman was the whistle-blower who wanted to broadcast the results, which Chess couldn't allow. Peter switches the lights off on the lab, and in the fight that ensues, both the Thin man and Sam/Vargas are killed. Sabrina had the microfilm with her, and both the Globe and the Chronicle run the story about the Chess company knowingly selling a product that causes cancer.Sabrina and Peter are still married, and playfully continue to double cross each other.
1181	Low Down Dirty Shame, A (1994)	Action, Comedy	Former LAPD detective Andre Shame is a wisecracking, gun-toting private investigator who owns A Low Down Dirty Shame Investigations. He runs it with his energetic and talkative assistant Peaches, whom he arrested shoplifting six years earlier and to whom he has developed a slight attraction. Despite the high-risk jobs, Shame is unable to keep the firm afloat, and may be forced to close.Five years ago, Shame and a team of detectives traveled to Mexico to apprehend drug lord, Ernesto Mendoza. Though Shame seemingly shot and killed Mendoza in a shootout, the other detectives were killed, with Shame and colleague Sonny Rothmiller being the only survivors. This caused Shame to leave the force in disgrace.In the present day, Rothmiller, who is now working for the DEA, tells him that Mendoza is still alive. He hires Shame to find the only witness who would testify against him...his ex-girlfriend Angela, who was caught in the middle of a love triangle with the two men. Angela escaped from the Witness Protection Program in New York and is in LA. Shame is hesitant at first, but seeing this as a chance to arrest the man who took everything from him, decides to take the case.Shame gets information on one of Mendoza's lieutenants, Luis, Shame's former childhood acquaintance, then goes to a restaurant and has Luis warn Mendoza that Shame is coming for him.  Upon arriving home, Shame is attacked by Mendoza's henchmen and warned by a very much alive Mendoza to back off.With the help of Peaches and her homosexual roommate Wayman, Shame tracks Angela to a posh hotel, and calls Sonny. Shame explains that he originally went to Mexico for her. She tells Shame that she was going to testify against Mendoza, but Mendoza found her location, forcing her to flee. Shame discovers that Rothmiller is working for Mendoza, and the two barely escape Mendoza's thugs. Shame drops Angela at Peaches’.Shame cleans himself up, then abducts Luis and takes him to an abandoned building. When Luis refuses to give Shame Mendoza's whereabouts, Shame has him stumble into a meeting of white supremacists. With the supremacists chasing him, he gives Shame his boss' location in exchange for a ride. But Shame leaves him at their mercy.At the club, Shame and Mendoza exchange words, then get into a Mexican standoff with Mendoza using his date as a hostage. When Wayman attempts to get Shame's attention, Mendoza uses the distraction to escape. Shame goes to Peaches to find Angela gone (she and Peaches had gotten into an argument earlier), and Capt. Nunez waiting for him. He has Nunez place Peaches in protective custody and heads off to find Angela.Shame meets Angela at a storage locker and discovers the real reason Mendoza wants her dead: she stole $20 million of his money. At a motel Shame receives a call from Mendoza informing him he has kidnapped Peaches and will exchange her for Angela and his money. The two agree to meet at a Mendoza-owned shopping mall. Angela tries to convince Shame to leave with her, yet admitting that he cares for Peaches, Shame refuses and the two of them head to the mall.Before the exchange, Sonny admits he was the one who killed the other detectives, because they wouldn't take Mendoza's bribe without Shame. He left Shame alive to take the blame. Peaches and Angela are placed on the escalator, and Mendoza discovers that Angela is a mannequin. With a gun hidden on the escalator Peaches begins shooting. Shame kills the mercenaries hired by Sonny, Luis is attacked by the dogs that were supposed to kill Shame, and Sonny is killed by Angela.Mendoza captures Peaches, only to be confronted by Shame. After winning a fistfight, Shame arrests Mendoza, who is then killed by Angela. She attempts to kill Shame, telling him she knows he won’t allow her to keep the money she stole. Peaches comes and fights off Angela. Nunez threatens to arrest Shame, but Shame reminds Nunez that he helped take down a drug lord, identified Sonny as the DEA mole, found a federal witness on the run (Angela, who is lead away in handcuffs for her crimes), and recovered $15 million in stolen drug money. Nunez reluctantly lets Shame go. Shame keeps $5 million for expenses, with Peaches getting perks of a romantic relationship with Shame.
1182	Cops and Robbersons (1994)	Comedy	When the police discover that mob hitman Horace Osborn has moved in next door to the Robbersons, they want to find out what he is up to. So they set up a stakeout in the Robbersons' home. Hard-nosed, tough-as-nails Jake Stone and his young partner Tony Moore are assigned to the stakeout, but now it is a question of whether Jake can last long enough to capture the bad guys. The Robbersons want to help, and by doing so they drive Jake crazy.
1183	Cowboy Way, The (1994)	Action, Comedy	The Cowboy Way follows two championship rodeo stars and lifelong best friends, Pepper Lewis and Sonny Gilstrap as they travel from New Mexico to New York City in search of their missing friend, Nacho Salazar, who came to the city to pay for his daughter's trip to the U.S. from Cuba. When they discover that he's been murdered, the pair set out to find the killer.
1184	Endless Summer 2, The (1994)	Documentary	The Endless Summer is a 1966 American surf documentary film directed, produced, edited and narrated by Bruce Brown. The film follows surfers Mike Hynson and Robert August on a surfing trip around the world. Despite the balmy mediterranean climate of their native California, cold ocean currents make local beaches inhospitable during the winter, without later, modern wetsuits. They travel to the coasts of Australia, New Zealand, Tahiti, Hawaii, Senegal (Dakar), Ghana, Nigeria and South Africa in a quest for new surf spots while introducing locals to the sport along the way. The narrative presentation eases from the stiff, formal documentary of the 1950s and early 1960s to a more casual, fun-loving and personal style filled with sly humor, honed from six years of live narration. The film's surf rock soundtrack was provided by The Sandals, and the theme song was written by Gaston Georis and John Blakeley of the Sandals; Theme From "The Endless Summer" has since become one of the best known film themes in the surf movie genre. In 1994, it was followed by the sequel The Endless Summer II. In 2000, Dana Brown, compiled The Endless Summer Revisited, later directing Step into Liquid, in 2003, documenting tow-in surfing.
1185	In the Army Now (1994)	Comedy, War	Slackers Bones Conway and Jack Kaufman work at "Crazy Boys" discount electronics store in Glendale, California. While goofing off on the job, both aspire to open their own electronics store in the future. Both are fired though after destroying a rack of television sets.Looking to score some quick start-up money for their store and believing that the commitment will be minimal (they are easily lured by the recruiting slogan "One weekend a month, two weeks a year"), the two join the United States Army Reserves. Bones chooses water purification for their field since his brother was an experienced pool man and the field appeared to be devoid of combat. After surviving basic training, they attend water purification training, meeting up with Christine Jones, a female recruit longing for infantry, and skittish dental student Fred Ostroff. Adopting the nickname of "waterboys", the group then returns to Glendale.Unbeknownst to Bones and Jack, Libya has been planning an invasion of Chad, and they are consequently called up for service overseas. They first try to get a military discharge by pretending to be homosexuals, but they fail.Upon arriving in Chad, the four do not get along well with the full-time soldiers, particularly Special Forces Staff Sergeant Stern. On a routine mission to resupply a forward base, their convoy is ambushed by a Libyan commando squad. The misfit reserves are thought to have been killed in action (KIA) and are left to fend for themselves. After a few days lost in the desert, they are captured by the Libyan forces and spend a night in a Libyan POW camp. There the reservists meet up with Staff Sergeant Stern who has been shot and captured in an ambush. He briefs them on his failed mission to rendezvous with two HALOed Fast Attack vehicles and destroy mobile Scud launchers carrying missiles armed with chemical warheads aimed at American bases in the region.During an airstrike, the four reservists and Stern escape and find the Fast Attack vehicles. They make contact with the American headquarters and are ordered to finish the Special Forces' mission. After locating the missiles, they have a difficult time holding off a battalion of Libyans while painting the missiles with a laser for an incoming airstrike. The airstrike goes off-target, forcing the reservists to destroy the missiles themselves. Bones grabs an AT4 anti-tank rocket launcher and destroys the Scud launcher base in one hit, but not before accidentally firing one rocket backwards, forcing the group to use the last rocket they have.The "waterboys" return home as heroes. At the end of the film, they open up their electronics shop next to an Army recruiting station — where two men like themselves are looking skeptical about joining the reserves.
1186	Inkwell, The (1994)	Comedy, Drama	Set in the summer of 1976, the film follows the adventures of Drew Tate (Larenz Tate), a 16-year-old from upstate New York, when he and his family spend two weeks with affluent relatives on Martha's Vineyard. Drew's parents, Kenny (Joe Morton) and Brenda (Suzzanne Douglass), worry that their son is emotionally disturbed. His favorite companion is a doll, in which he names Iago (after the character in William Shakespeare's Othello), with which he engages in animated conversations. They also fear that a fire he accidentally set in the family garage foreshadows a future as an arsonist.On Martha's Vineyard, Drew is thrown into an affluent, party-loving black society that congregates on a beach known as the Inkwell. The visit is also the occasion of some bitter family strife. Drew's Aunt Frances (Vanessa Bell Calloway) and her husband, Spencer (Glynn Turman), are conservatives whose walls are plastered with pictures of Republican dignitaries such as Barry Goldwater and Ronald Reagan (who they keep saying will become president someday).  Kenny, a former Black Panther, and Spencer argue furiously about racial issues.The Inkwell follows Drew's bumbling pursuit of the insufferably snooty Lauren (Jada Pinkett). He also befriends Heather (Adrienne-Joi Johnson), a young woman whose husband, Harold (Morris Chestnut), is a faithless louse. The movie comes to an end on the Fourth of July, when the Bicentennial fireworks end up symbolizing not just America's 200th birthday but Drew finally having sex with Heather.
1187	Switchblade Sisters (1975)	Crime	Maggie transfers from across town to a new high school that is essentially run by the Silver Daggers, a rough, hierarchical male gang, and their female counterparts, the Dagger Debs. A confrontation between the Dagger Debs and a repo man gets all the female members — and Maggie — arrested. Because Maggie is new, a lecherous lesbian warden at the juvenile detention center threatens to physically abuse her. Maggie fights back and eventually the Dagger Debs join her. Subsequently, Dagger Deb leader Lace decides she likes Maggie and entrusts her with running errands while she serves a brief sentence in juvenile hall. One such errand – delivering a love note to Lace's boyfriend, Dominic – ends in Dominic following Maggie home and raping her. Maggie's close friendship with Lace upsets Lace's closest friend, Patch, who lost one of her eyes in service to the gang and now sees herself as second-in-command.Lace is released from juvenile hall and reunites with Dominic, telling him that she discovered she was pregnant during her incarceration. Dominic disavows fatherhood and refuses to help Lace care for the child, encouraging her to undergo an abortion. Meanwhile, the Silver Daggers have to contend with the arrival of a new gang, led by the villainous Crabs, at the high school. After Crabs shoots Dominic's brother and orchestrates the gang rape of one of the Debs, Maggie devises an ambush on Crabs's men at a local roller rink. The effort proves disastrous when Crabs's men show up armed with rifles, kill Dominic, and brutally assault Lace, causing her to miscarry. While Lace recuperates in the hospital, Maggie assumes leadership of the gang, expels the men and changes its name to the Jezebels. She teams up with Muff and her gang of African-American militants from across town to ambush Crabs. All the while, Maggie suspects that someone in her group tipped Crabs off to their plans at the roller rink, not knowing that Patch has already uncovered the real traitor: Lace, who organized the ambush to get Maggie killed in revenge for her stealing Dom and for assuming the role of leader of the Dagger Debs. Patch agrees to cover for Lace and, after the ambush proves successful, she shoots Crabs before he can confess to Maggie.Back at the Jezebels' hideout, Lace and Patch attempt to convince the gang that Maggie was the traitor. The members refuse to believe Lace's assertions, and a knife fight ensues between Lace and Maggie. Maggie fatally stabs Lace in the throat, prompting a police strike force that had been surrounding the building to storm in and arrest everyone. The various members of the gang proudly proclaim themselves as members of the Jezebels, but when Patch attempts to identify herself as part of the gang to the police, the remaining members disavow any knowledge of her. The blood-soaked Maggie becomes hysterical as she and the rest of the gang are loaded into the back of a police van, screaming threats that the Jezebels will one day return.
1188	Young Guns II (1990)	Action, Comedy, Western	In 1950, attorney Charles Phalen is contacted by elderly "Brushy Bill" Roberts, who seeks a pardon he was promised 70 years earlier by the governor of the New Mexico Territory. Dismissing Bill's claim that he is really William H. Bonney aka "Billy The Kid", widely believed to have been killed in 1881, Phalen asks if Bill has any proof.Bill's story begins in 1879, as the famed outlaw has formed a new gang with "Arkansas" Dave Rudabaugh and Pat Garrett. In the wake of the Lincoln County War, New Mexico Governor Lew Wallace has issued warrants for the arrest of everyone involved. Billy's former compatriot Doc Scurlock, now a schoolteacher in New York, is captured and imprisoned alongside fellow Regulator Jose Chavez y Chavez and their old enemies.Now the most wanted man in New Mexico, Billy meets with Governor Wallace, who agrees to pardon him if he testifies against the Dolan-Murphy faction. Instead, Billy discovers he has been tricked into being arrested with no chance of testifying. He escapes, returning with Dave and Garrett and posing as a lynch mob to free Doc and Chavez, who reluctantly join them on the "Mexican Blackbird" trail to Mexico. Desperate for reinforcements, the gang accepts farmer Hendry William French and teenage Yankee Tom O'Folliard, while Garrett decides to stay behind to open a boarding house.Billy demands a $500 debt from former ally John Chisum, leaving two of the cattle baron's men dead. Furious, Chisum joins Wallace and they offer Garrett the job of Lincoln County sheriff and $1000 to hunt Bonney down. Forming a posse, Garrett recruits a journalist to document their pursuit. Billy leaves a taunting message for Garrett, and Rudabaugh tries to dig up an Apache burial ground, resulting in a knife fight with the Mexican-Indian Chavez.Billy and the gang reach the town of White Oaks, spending the night at a bordello run by his former companion Jane Greathouse. A lynch mob gathers, and Deputy Carlyle offers to let the gang go in exchange for handing over Chavez, but Billy dresses the deputy as Chavez and pushes him outside, where he is shot dead by the mob. Garrett tracks the gang to the bordello and burns it down, while Jane strips naked to humiliate the townsfolk and rides away.The gang is followed closely by Garrett's posse and Tom is shot dead by Garrett, leading Billy to admit that the Mexican Blackbird was only a ruse to keep the gang together. Doc tries to leave for home, but is shot by one of Garrett's men and sacrifices himself to enable his friends to escape, though Chavez is wounded and Billy is captured. Brought back to Lincoln, Billy is sentenced to death and is visited by Jane. She leaves him a pistol in the outhouse, which he uses to kill two guards and escape to Fort Sumner.Billy finds his gang, but Dave has fled for Mexico, and a dying Chavez leaves to meet his fate alone. That night, an unarmed Billy is confronted by Garrett, and asks to be allowed to run to Mexico while Garrett tells the authorities that he killed him. Certain that Billy would not be able to resist coming back to the United States, Garrett refuses, and prepares to shoot Billy in the back. In the morning, a burial is held for Billy, but Garrett's horse is taken by an unseen figure.Back in 1950, Brushy Bill concludes his story, convincing Phalen that he is Billy the Kid. An epilogue reveals that Dave was beheaded in Mexico as a warning to other outlaws; Garrett's book was a failure and he was shot and killed in 1908; Brushy Bill met with the governor of New Mexico, but despite corroboration from several surviving friends of the Kid, he was discredited and died less than a month later; whether or not he was Billy the Kid remains a mystery.
1189	Prefontaine (1997)	Drama	Steve Prefontaine, a Coos Bay, Oregon student, is too small to play most sports but becomes a talented distance runner. He enrolls at the University of Oregon in 1969, and meets fellow Oregon Ducks track and field athletes Pat Tyson and Mac Wilkins. With coaches Bill Bowerman and Bill Dellinger, "Pre" wins three national cross-country championships and four consecutive 5,000-meter runs, breaking the U.S. record in the latter. Prefontaine gains fame as an aggressive runner who likes to be out front from the start, rather than biding his time until a strong finish.Prefontaine accompanies other top American runners including Frank Shorter and Jeff Galloway to the 1972 Munich Olympics, where they witness the terrorist attacks of the Munich Massacre which interrupt and almost cancel the games. In the 5,000-meter, Prefontaine leads with 150 meters to go, but three different runners pass him and he does not medal. The gold goes to Finland's Lasse Viren.After his college career ends, Prefontaine prepares for a rematch with Viren at the 1976 Montreal Olympics. The strict amateurism rules of American non-collegiate sports force Prefontaine to turn down a lucrative offer to become a professional runner, instead working as a bartender while living in a trailer home. He becomes an activist to help American athletes compete against better-funded international rivals. On May 30, 1975, after drinking alcohol at a post-meet party, Prefontaine is killed when his MG convertible flips while he is driving. After his death, the Amateur Sports Act of 1978 gives athletes more control over their sports' governance.
1190	That Old Feeling (1997)	Comedy, Romance	Molly de Mora invites her divorced parents to her wedding, where they see each other for the first time in 14 years. During the reception a shouting match between the two ensues. Following this, their spark is rekindled. Over the next few days they fall in love again and run off together, thereby upsetting the newlyweds' honeymoon and their respective (current) spouses. If the scandal was made public it would be more controversial than usual, since the bride's husband hopes to stand for election to Congress. After searching for her parents and getting to know Joey Donna, her mother's number one paparazzi nicknamed "The Cockroach", whom she hires to help her find them, Molly decides that her parents deserve a chance to be together and gives them her honeymoon to Hawaii. When Keith objects to her decision, it is revealed that he slept with her stepmother. Knowing now that her marriage was a mistake, Molly runs off with Joey as her parents run off to Hawaii.
1191	Letter From Death Row, A (1998)	Crime, Drama	A Letter From Death Row is a 1998 psychological thriller film directed by Marvin Baker and Bret Michaels, lead singer of the hard rock band Poison. Bret Michaels also wrote the film and starred in it. The film was released by Sheen Michaels Entertainment, a company created by Bret Michaels and actor Charlie Sheen. The film was produced by Shane Stanley and also stars Martin Sheen, Charlie Sheen, and Kristi Gibson, who was Michaels' girlfriend at the time. The prison scenes were filmed on location in the Tennessee State Prison, with real inmates used as extras.
1192	Boys of St. Vincent, The (1993)	Drama	The Boys of St. Vincent is a 1992 Canadian television miniseries directed by John N. Smith for the National Film Board of Canada. It is a two-part docudrama inspired by real events that took place at the Mount Cashel Orphanage in St. John's, Newfoundland, one of a number of child sexual abuse scandals in the Roman Catholic Church. The first film, The Boys of St. Vincent, covers the sexual and physical abuse of a number of orphans by Brothers headed by Brother Peter Lavin (Henry Czerny). The second film, The Boys of St. Vincent: 15 Years Later, covers the trial of the Brothers and the long-term effects of the abuse 15 years later. The miniseries was set to premiere on Canadian television in late 1992, but due to the concurrent trials of four Ontario priests who were being tried for similar cases, a court injunction banned the broadcast in Ontario and Quebec. The ban was later overturned after appeals at federal and provincial courts and the miniseries received a nationwide broadcast in late 1993. The Boys of St. Vincent received widespread critical acclaim and was included in lists of the Top 10 films of 1994 by Rolling Stone, Entertainment Weekly, and USA Today. It won the grand prize at the Banff Television Festival, as well as a Peabody Award and a National Board of Review award.
1193	Before the Rain (Pred dozhdot) (1994)	Drama	A tragic tale of fated lovers set against the background of political turbulence in Macedonia and contemporary London, three love stories intertwine to create a portrait of modern Europe. When a mysterious incident in the Macedonian mountains impacts people and events beyond its origin, it threatens to start a civil war and brings together a silent young monk, a London picture editor and a disillusioned war photographer. Told in three parts, and linked by characters and events, Before the Rain explores the uncompromising nature of war as it ravages the lives of the unsuspecting, and forces the innocent to take sides.
1194	Once Were Warriors (1994)	Crime, Drama	Beth leaves her small Māori village and, despite her parents' objections, marries the violent and domineering Jake "The Muss" Heke. Eighteen years later, they live with their five children in an unkempt state house in South Auckland.Jake is laid off from his job but shows little interest in finding new work. He receives the unemployment benefit and spends most days drinking at a nearby pub with friends and getting into bar fights. He often brings groups from the pub back to the family home for parties, during which he is physically violent toward Beth. On one occasion, he assaults her in front of the guests, who do not intervene. Beth in turn also begins drinking heavily and displays occasional outbursts towards her children. Their children are left to look after themselves and clean up the house following incidents of domestic violence.Nig, the eldest son of the Heke family, moves out to join a gang whose rituals include getting facial tattoos. He undergoes an initiation beating, passes and is then embraced as a new brother. Nig cares about his siblings but despises his father; he is angered when his mother is beaten but does not intervene. Nig's younger brother Mark, aka "Boogie", is placed in a foster home as a ward of the state due to his parents' home life. Jake is unconcerned and hopes the experience will toughen him up. Despite his initial anger, Boogie finds a new niche for himself after the foster home's manager, Mr. Bennett, helps him embrace his Māori heritage. The family pools all their money to rent a car to visit Boogie. However, Jake stops at the pub and spends the day drinking, leaving the family waiting outside before they take a taxi home.Grace, Jake and Beth’s 13-year-old daughter, keeps a journal of events and stories for her younger siblings. Her best friend is Toot, a homeless boy living in a wrecked car. She fears an inevitable future of marriage, which she associates with serving a husband and enduring abuse, and dreams of living independently. Grace is raped by Uncle Bully, a friend of her father, and falls into a deep depression. Grace seeks support from Toot, with whom she smokes marijuana for the first time, but when Toot tries to kiss her she reacts violently and storms out, believing he is "just like the rest of them". Confused, Grace eventually goes home to an angry Jake with his friends. Bully asks for a goodnight kiss to test his power over her. She refuses and Jake sees it as a sign of disrespect, so he rips her journal in two and nearly beats her. Beth returns home from searching for Grace, and then screams hysterically after finding her daughter has hanged herself from a tree branch in the backyard.Jake selfishly deals with the tragedy by going to the pub while the rest of his family takes Grace's body to a tangihanga. Beth stands up to him for the first time when he refuses to let her be taken to the marae. The film cross-cuts between the mourning, Jake's drinking, and the family on the marae. Boogie impresses Beth with his Māori singing at the funeral, and Toot says his goodbyes, telling Grace the gentle kiss he gave her the last time he saw her was a gesture meant only to confirm their mantra 'best friends for life'. Boogie reassures Toot that Grace loved him, and Beth invites him to live with them.Reading Grace's diary later that day, Beth finds out about the rape and confronts Bully at the pub. Jake initially threatens Beth for accusing his friend, but Nig steps between them, protecting his mother, and tells Jake to look at the diary for himself. This realisation sends Jake into a blind rage, as he beats Bully to near-death. Beth, blaming Jake just as much as Bully because of his violent lifestyle, decides to take their children back to her Māori village and traditions, defiantly telling him that her heritage gives her the strength to resist his control over her. Jake shouts at her on a kerb outside the pub as the family leaves, before collapsing to the ground in defeat, with police sirens wailing in the background.
1195	Strawberry and Chocolate (Fresa y chocolate) (1993)	Drama	The story takes place in Havana, Cuba, in 1979. David (Vladimir Cruz) is rejected by Vivian, who marries an older and wealthier man. It is revealed that he is a university student when he meets Diego (Jorge Perugorría), a gay artist unhappy with the Castro regime's attitude toward the homosexual community as well as the censored conceptualization of culture. David's heterosexual classmate, Miguel (Francisco Gattorno), plans to use David to spy on Diego, a person whom they see as aberrant and dangerous to the Communist cause. Diego, for his part, initiates the friendship with sexual intentions, but David mostly rejects his advances.Although David initially chafes at the idea of being Diego's "baby", he decides to do so to relay information back to Miguel. The two form a tenuous friendship in the process of this spying, and David makes it clear that their relationship will be platonic. Nancy, a "vigilance" who lives above Diego, attempts suicide as David arrives one day, and he ends up donating blood so that she can recover. As David spends more and more time with Diego, he argues with him about Communism, sexuality, and what is truly revolutionary. After constantly reporting their activities to Miguel, David eventually erupts, telling Miguel that Diego has principles despite his sexuality. Vivian tries to reconnect with David and begin an affair, but he finally rejects her advances. David begins to show more signs of affection for Diego, buying him flowers and posting Marxist icons in Diego's room, and letting him read his manuscript.In a side plot, Diego and German, his artist protégé and sexual partner, are unable to exhibit their full collection of work. In this process, the two have a falling out, and Diego sends an angry letter to the museum curators of Cuba. This leads to his firing and an inability to find work outside of manual labor due to his blacklisting by the government. Diego tells this to Nancy, who has developed a romantic interest in David. In a gesture of friendship to both parties, he decides to set Nancy and David up, and David loses his virginity to Nancy. In the days after, Miguel comes to Diego's apartment, accusing David of being homosexual.Diego eventually decides to leave the country, but is unable to keep it a secret from David. He confesses his love for David and reveals that it was not denying rumors of being in a relationship with David that led to David's false "outing" as a gay man. Despite this, David embraces Diego with a hug, leaving their future relationship ambiguous.
1196	Savage Nights (Nuits fauves, Les) (1992)	Drama	“I feel I go through life like an American tourist, doing as many towns as possible", explains Jean, a camera man and aspiring film director. Handsome but self-centered, childish, and hedonistic, he has a complicated sex life. He is bisexual and HIV positive. During a casting session he meets Laura, a lively, seventeen-year-old aspiring actress. Captivated by her charm, Jean soon is pursuing her and she quickly falls in love with him. They start a passionate affair. At the same time, the restless Jean pursues a relationship with Samy, a young rugby player. Samy, who has emigrated with his mother and brother from Spain, is unemployed and equally troubled. He is straight and although living with his girlfriend, Marianne, he has no qualms about his homoerotic relationship with Jean, who has a big crush on him.Jean and Laura's relationship is complicated by him having HIV which initially he hides from her. Only after they have had sex does he tell her. At first, Laura is furious and her mother is equally livid. However, Laura is by then deeply in love with Jean. She not only continues the relationship but refuses to use condoms as Jean wanted.Jean is also deeply troubled in accepting his disease. "Drop your illusions. Learn from your disease" suggests his friend Noria. Peaceful acceptance does not come easy for him, his life ricochets from one coupling to the next, trying to make sense of his situation. He is a damned rebel, which he defines as "Someone marked by fate and with real dignity inside".Laura has emotional problems too; at one point she erupts at the owner of the dress shop where she works and loses her job. Her feelings reach a boiling point in dealing with Jean's bisexuality, which involves not only Jean's relationship with Samy but anonymous sex with multiple partners in dark cruising spots. In these sex encounters, Jean releases his self-destructive drive and finds refuge from the frustrations brought by his illness and his affairs with Laura and Samy.As Samy acquires a taste for sadomasochism and violence, he turns to Jean. He moves in with him, leaving Marianne, who angrily berates Jean. After a fight with racist skinheads, Samy finally consummates his relationship with Jean and tells him that he loves him. Laura turns increasingly angry and desperate, disappointed in her relationship with Jean. "Help me to leave you!" is her pathetic cry. Jean is emotionally closed. After a night out of drinking and partying Jean yells "I want to live" to his friends but mostly he seems in denial that he is dying. The next morning Laura finds him in bed not only with Samy but with his ex-girlfriend. Laura throws a big tantrum and from then on, she leaves endless, long messages on Jean's answering machine. In some she begs for love, in others she threatens to ruin his life.Reaching the breaking point, Laura threatens Jean with committing suicide and tells him that he has infected her with HIV. Only then, Jean intervenes and with Laura's mother they find psychological help for her. Jean repeatedly fails to find meaning in his life. A conversation with his mother is only painful. Returning home, he is involved in a car accident. He is as reckless in his sex life as with HIV medication, which he avoids when it interferes with his drinking and partying.After sometime, Jean looks again for Laura. He finally wants to tell her that he loves her but she has overcome her turbulent relationship with him. Making peace with herself, Laura has a new boyfriend. Jean and Laura have a short conversation, they kiss tenderly and part ways. Jean finally finds peace with his HIV status and with his life.
1197	Family Thing, A (1996)	Comedy, Drama	Earl Pilcher (Robert Duvall), an equipment rental company business owner in a small Arkansas town, receives a shocking letter from his mother, Carrie, on her deathbed. She reveals that Earl's biological mother was actually an African-American maid named Willa Mae, raped by Earl's (white) father, who died giving birth to Earl. Carrie's dying wish is that Earl go to Chicago to meet his half-brother, Raymond Murdock (James Earl Jones). Earl confronts his feeble father, who refuses to discuss the letter, but admits it is true. Earl sets off to find his brother.Working at city hall as a police officer, Ray reluctantly agrees to meet Earl at a local diner. During lunch, Ray reveals that he knew all along that Earl was his half-brother and that he has hated Earl and his father because Earl's birth killed his mother. Ray wants nothing to do with Earl. Before leaving the city, Earl is beaten up and carjacked by four black street toughs and hospitalized. Finding Ray's information in Earl's pocket, the hospital staff calls Ray, who comes reluctantly. The doctor tells him that Earl may have a concussion and cannot travel for a couple of days. The hospital is full, so Ray must take Earl home to recuperate.At Ray's home, Earl meets Willa Mae's sister, Ray's Aunt T (Irma P. Hall)—also his aunt—a kind, generous elderly blind woman. Ray's son, Virgil (Michael Beach), a surly and hostile city bus driver, doesn't appreciate a white southerner sleeping in his bed, even when Ray explains that Earl is an old war buddy whose life he saved. Aunt T reveals that she knows who Earl really is and later scolds Ray and Virgil for not welcoming a member of their family unconditionally.Knowing he is not wanted, Earl leaves Ray's house, walking unknowingly into a bad part of town. At Aunt T's urging, Ray quickly locates Earl on a nearby street, but Earl obstinately refuses to come back. The two argue and end up in an awkward wrestling match, with Earl using the word "nigger," realizing too late that he has gone too far. Angry at Earl's callous words, Ray tells Earl to stay away from him and heads back home.Wandering Chicago, Earl gets drunk at a bar, where he is tossed out for becoming obnoxiously overfriendly with a black couple in his eagerness to establish a sense of acceptance. He ends up sleeping under a bridge. The next morning, after cooling down, Ray finds Earl under a bridge. Earl apologizes for his rude behavior, and the two begin to settle their differences. They bond as they find similarities between them, both having served in the Marines and Navy, respectively, during the Korean War, and receiving lifelong scars. Ray reveals that as a child, motivated by hatred, he once threw a rock at Earl that could have blinded him. When Virgil's estranged wife (played by Regina Taylor) and their two daughters visit, Earl learns that Virgil's promising career in football was shattered by an injury in college and that Virgil's resulting bitterness has alienated his family.  Taking Virgil aside, Earl tells him an anecdote that highlights that dwelling on his disappointments hurts his wife and children. They begin to develop a grudging respect for each other.The police find Earl's truck, bullet-ridden but operational, and Earl is ready to go home. Aunt T recounts to Earl and Ray the dramatic tale of the night Earl was born and Willa Mae died. Earl's life was saved by Carrie, who brought a white doctor to Willa Mae's shack to help with the delivery. Since Earl was born with white features, Carrie and Willa Mae agreed that Earl should be raised by Carrie and his biological father. Aunt T gives Earl a picture of Willa Mae, which Earl accepts with pride, as he has begun to accept his new family. Earl convinces Ray to return to their Arkansas hometown to find their mother's grave. Standing over her grave marker, Earl decides to take Ray to meet his family and tell them their story. Earl jokes that when his bigoted nephew finds out he is part black, Virgil's initial hostility will seem mild.
1198	Purple Noon (1960)	Crime, Thriller	Handsome young American Tom Ripley has been sent to Italy by the father of wealthy playboy Philippe Greenleaf to persuade him to return to San Francisco and take over the family business. Philippe has no intention of doing so, and the impoverished Tom falls into sharing in his escapades.Tom becomes fixated on Philippe and his fiancée, Marge, and covets the other man's life of luxury and leisure in the beautiful seaside town of Mongibello. Philippe eventually grows bored with Tom's fawning and becomes cruel and abusive to him. The final straw for Tom is during a yachting trip when Philippe strands him in the dinghy and accidentally leaves him to drift for hours in the blazing sun.Back on board, Tom hatches a plan to kill Philippe and steal his identity. First, he leaves evidence of Philippe's philandering for an outraged Marge to find. Finding that Tom has obtained his bank records, Philippe seeks to draw him out. After Marge goes ashore following a blow-up with Philippe, he confronts Tom, who admits his plan quite casually. Philippe offers Tom a substantial sum to leave him and Marge alone, but Tom rebuffs it, saying he is interested in far more. He fatally stabs Philippe, and after wrapping the corpse in canvas and weighting it with an anchor, he is preparing to dump it overboard when he is hit by the ship's boom and knocked in the sea, taking Philippe's corpse with him. Tom narrowly manages to make it back onto the ship.Upon returning to Mongibello alone, Tom informs Marge that Philippe has decided to stay away. He then goes to Rome, skillfully replaces Philippe's picture with his own in Philippe's passport, masters forging Philippe's signature, and successfully takes over the dead man's wealth, identity, and lifestyle.When Philippe's friend Freddy Miles tracks down "Philippe's" hideaway, he is surprised to only find Tom there. Feeling that Freddy is beginning to suspect the truth, Tom impulsively murders him and dumps the body outside town. Freddy's body is soon found, and the Italian police become involved, suspecting "Philippe" in the murder. Tom continues his charade, switching between his own identity and Philippe's to give the illusion that Philippe is still alive and on the run. Tom survives a string of close calls, throwing the Italian police off his trail and seemingly outwitting everyone. After forging Philippe's suicide note and a will that leaves Philippe's entire fortune to Marge, Tom thinks he is finally in the clear. He returns to Mongibello and then seduces Marge, in Philippe's home.Philippe's father arrives in Mongibello to settle the transfer of Philippe's estate and the sale of his yacht. Marge leaves Tom at the beach to go meet Philippe's father, while Tom goes to a seaside cafe and celebrates the success of his gambit by ordering the best drink in the house. As Philippe's boat is being pulled out of the water so a potential buyer can inspect it, Marge is horrified to see Philippe's canvas-wrapped body dragged up the slipway behind it, the loose end of the lashing having become wrapped around the sailboat's propeller. A police inspector from Rome who has been watching Tom goes to the cafe, where he has the waitress tell Tom, who is lounging in the sun, that there is a phone call for him. Tom smirks smugly and, unsuspectingly, walks into a trap, implying his eventual arrest.
1199	Cemetery Man (Dellamorte Dellamore) (1994)	Comedy, Horror	Francesco Dellamorte is the cemetery caretaker in the small Italian town of Buffalora. He lives in a ramshackle house on the premises, constantly surrounded by death, with only his mentally disabled assistant Gnaghi for company. Young punks in town spread gossip that Dellamorte is impotent. His hobbies are reading outdated telephone directories, in which he crosses out the names of the deceased, and trying to assemble a puzzle shaped like a human skull. Gnaghi can speak only one word: "Gna".The Latin inscription over the Buffalora Cemetery gate reads RESURRECTURIS ("For those who will rise again"), and indeed, some people rise from their graves as aggressive zombies within seven nights following their deaths. Dellamorte destroys these creatures, which he calls "Returners", before they overrun the town. Buffalora's mayor is so fixated on his reelection campaign that he does not register Dellamorte's pleas for an investigation. Being an outcast in the village and almost illiterate, Dellamorte does not want to lose his job. He opens up to his only friend, Franco, a municipal clerk, but does not file the paperwork to get assistance. He explains, "It's easier just to shoot them."At a funeral, Dellamorte falls in love with the young widow of a rich, elderly man. She is won over when Dellamorte tells her about the ossuary, which she adores. While consummating their relationship by her late husband's grave, the undead partner arises and bites her. She seems to die, but the coroner claims it was a heart attack. Fearing the worst, Dellamorte stays near her corpse, and shoots her when she rises.Gnaghi becomes infatuated with the mayor's teen daughter, Valentina, but she is tragically decapitated in a motorcycle accident. Undeterred, Gnaghi digs up her reanimated head and begins an innocent romance. The relationship is cut short, however, when the mayor finds out and Valentina rips out his throat with her teeth, forcing Dellamorte to shoot her. The young widow also rises again, causing Dellamorte to believe she was not really a zombie when he first shot her, in which case it was he who killed her. He plummets into a depression and is visited by the leering figure of Death, who tells him to "Stop killing the dead" and suggests shooting the living instead.Dellamorte encounters two more unnamed women, identical in appearance to his now-dead lover. The first is an assistant to the new mayor. She confesses to Dellamorte that she is terrified of sexual penetration, so Dellamorte demands to have his penis removed by the local doctor. Refusing to do so, the doctor instead gives him an injection to induce temporary impotence. Meanwhile, the woman, following being raped by and falling in love with her employer, has lost her phobia. She plans to marry her rapist and discards the cemetery man.His grip on reality slipping, Dellamorte heads into town at night and kills the punks who have made fun of him for years. He encounters a third manifestation of the woman he loves, and they go to bed together, but when he later learns she is a prostitute, he kills her and two other women by setting their house on fire. Franco is accused of these murders after killing his wife and child, and attempts suicide. Dellamorte goes to visit Franco in the hospital. Sitting by the hospital bed, he casually murders a nun, a nurse, and a doctor. Franco claims to not recognize him. Distraught and confused, Dellamorte screams out a confession, but is ignored.Gnaghi and Dellamorte pack up their car and leave Buffalora. Gnaghi's head is injured when Dellamorte slams on the brakes. They exit the vehicle and walk to the edge of the road, where it drops into a chasm. Gnaghi begins to seize and collapses to the ground. Dellamorte realizes that the rest of the world does not exist. Fearing his assistant is dying, he loads a gun with two dumdum bullets to finish them both off. However, Dellamorte cannot bring himself to shoot his friend. Gnaghi wakes up, drops the gun off the cliff, and asks to be taken home, speaking clearly for the first time. Dellamorte replies: "Gna." As the credits roll, the camera zooms out to reveal the two men standing in a snowglobe.
1200	Kim (1950)	Children's, Drama	Kim, an orphan boy in 1885 India during the British Raj, occasionally works for his friend Mahbub Ali, a roguish horse trader who is also a secret agent for the British. Mahbub Ali becomes aware of a Russian-backed plot to invade India from Afghanistan.Meanwhile, Kim encounters an elderly Buddhist lama from Tibet, who is on a quest to find the "River of the Arrow", whose waters will cleanse him spiritually. Mahbub Ali has the young boy become the kindly priest's "chela" or disciple so that he can deliver a message to Colonel Creighton, Mahbub Ali's superior. On the journey along the Grand Trunk Road, the two travelers grow to love each other.One day, British soldiers set up camp. Kim notices that their regimental flag depicts a red bull on a green field, which matches a prophecy left him by his now-deceased father, so he sneaks into the encampment. He is taken for a thief by a sentry. During the ensuing scuffle, his captors discover documents Kim possesses which show that he is actually the son of Kimball O'Hara, an Irish soldier who had served in the regiment. The lama decides that Kim should live among his own kind to be educated (despite the boy's resistance) and pays for his tuition at the finest boarding school in India. The boy chafes at the school's many restrictions, but eventually settles down.Mahbub Ali convinces Colonel Creighton that the boy has the potential to become a wonderful spy; to that end, Kim receives extra training from the shopkeeper Lurgan during the first part of his summer vacation.While traveling in disguise, Kim overhears a plot to assassinate Mahbub Ali and warns him, saving his life. He is then reunited with his lama and sent to notify Hurree Chunder to keep an eye on two Russian spies posing as surveyors. When he finds Chunder murdered, he takes on the mission himself without informing anyone. When news of Chunder's death reaches the British, Colonel Creighton sends Mahbub Ali to take Chunder's place. Kim talks the Russians into hiring him as their servant. An emissary meets with the Russians. The newcomer becomes suspicious of Kim and forces him onto a narrow ledge on a cliff to try to get the truth from him. The Russians beat the lama. Mahbub Ali tosses the emissary off the cliff, rescues Kim and takes the interlopers at gunpoint. When a small Russian force approaches, the spies attempt to overpower him, forcing him to kill them. Then he and Kim start a rockslide which buries the approaching Russians. Afterward, the injured lama has a vision of his river, stumbles to it, and dies, contented.
1201	Marlene Dietrich: Shadow and Light (1996) 	Documentary	Marie Magdalene "Marlene" Dietrich (, German: [maʁˈleːnə ˈdiːtʁɪç] ; 27 December 1901 – 6 May 1992) was a German and American actress and singer whose career spanned nearly seven decades. In 1920s Berlin, Dietrich performed on the stage and in silent films. Her performance as Lola Lola in Josef von Sternberg's The Blue Angel (1930) brought her international acclaim and a contract with Paramount Pictures. She starred in many Hollywood films, including six iconic roles directed by Sternberg: Morocco (1930) (her only Academy Award nomination), Dishonored (1931), Shanghai Express and Blonde Venus (both 1932), The Scarlet Empress (1934), The Devil Is a Woman (1935). She successfully traded on her glamorous persona and exotic looks, and became one of the era's highest-paid actresses. Throughout World War II, she was a high-profile entertainer in the United States. Although she delivered notable performances in several post-war films, including Billy Wilder's A Foreign Affair (1948), Alfred Hitchcock's Stage Fright (1950), Billy Wilder's Witness for the Prosecution (1957), Orson Welles's Touch of Evil (1958), and Stanley Kramer's Judgment at Nuremberg (1961), she spent most of the 1950s to the 1970s touring the world as a marquee live-show performer. Dietrich was known for her humanitarian efforts during World War II, housing German and French exiles, providing financial support and advocating their American citizenship. For her work on improving morale on the front lines during the war, she received several honors from the United States, France, Belgium, and Israel. In 1999, the American Film Institute named Dietrich the ninth greatest female screen legend of classic Hollywood cinema.
1202	Maybe, Maybe Not (Bewegte Mann, Der) (1994)	Comedy	After she caught him cheating on her on a public toilet, Axel (played by Til Schweiger) has just been dumped by his girlfriend Doro (Katja Riemann), and needs to find a new place to live. He meets Walter a.k.a. Waltraud (Rufus Beck), a transvestite who is participating in a heterosexual men's group to provide a gay man's perspective. Walter talks Axel into joining him and some friends at a gay party afterwards, and tries to convince Axel to move in with him. At the party, Axel decides instead to move in with Walter's best friend, Norbert (Joachim Król), whose boyfriend has just left him. Later, at Axel and Doro's apartment, Norbert tries to seduce Axel while they browse old photos. Just when Norbert has shed all his clothes, Doro shows up at the door, and Axel hastily hides Norbert.  Doro explains to Axel that she's expecting his child and wants to give their relationship a second chance.  She is not amused to discover a naked man in the wardrobe, but Axel manages to convince her that nothing has happened.  Excited about fatherhood and eager to return to Doro, Axel forgets about his new friendship with Norbert.But soon Axel discovers a downside to the pregnancy: he finds that he is extremely adverse to having sex with a pregnant woman, due to an irrational fear of hurting the child.  Despite his engagement to her, he decides to stray when he encounters Elke, a former girlfriend. They are trying to find a place to have sex when Axel bumps into Norbert again. At first Norbert is angry with him for having left without a word, but Axel claims it's only because Doro was upset. Axel convinces Norbert to lend his apartment for the tryst with Elke. A few days later at Norbert's apartment, Elke gives Axel a mind-altering drug, and leaves him sitting naked on a table. Meanwhile, Doro has learned that Axel went to Norbert's apartment, and she thinks that Axel is going to have sex with Norbert. She confronts Norbert at his apartment and upon entering, she sees Axel naked and unable to speak and starts to go into labor. In the bathroom Norbert finds Elke and Norbert's not-so-gay boyfriend playing in the tub.  As Norbert drives her to the hospital, he attempts to explain everything on the way.  Doro forgives Norbert and they become friends, but her relationship with Axel is in question.
1203	Top Hat (1935)	Comedy, Musical, Romance	American dancer Jerry Travers comes to London to star in a show produced by the bumbling Horace Hardwick. While practicing a tap dance routine in his hotel bedroom, he awakens Dale Tremont on the floor below. She storms upstairs to complain, whereupon Jerry falls hopelessly in love with her and proceeds to pursue her all over London.Dale mistakes Jerry for Horace, who is married to her friend Madge. Following the success of Jerry's opening night in London, Jerry follows Dale to Venice, where she is visiting Madge and modelling/promoting the gowns created by Alberto Beddini, a dandified Italian fashion designer with a penchant for malapropisms.Jerry proposes to Dale, who, while still believing that Jerry is Horace,  is disgusted that her friend's husband could behave in such a manner and agrees instead to marry Alberto. Fortunately, Bates, Horace's meddling English valet, disguises himself as a priest and conducts the ceremony; Horace had sent Bates to keep tabs on Dale.On a trip in a gondola, Jerry manages to convince Dale and they return to the hotel where the previous confusion is rapidly cleared up. The reconciled couple dance off into the Venetian sunset, to the tune of "The Piccolino."
1204	To Be or Not to Be (1942)	Comedy, Drama, War	In 1939, the well-known stars of a Warsaw theater company, including "ham" Joseph Tura and wife Maria, are rehearsing Gestapo, a play satirizing the Nazi regime. During the company's production of Hamlet that night, with Joseph in the title role, Maria receives a bouquet of flowers from Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski. After Maria arranges a secret meeting with Sobinski in her dressing room, he walks out as Joseph begins Hamlet's "To be, or not to be" soliloquy. Soon, the government issues orders to cancel Gestapo in order to avoid worsening relations with Germany. The following night, Sobinski again walks out on Hamlet's soliloquy to meet Maria, infuriating Joseph. Sobinski confesses his love for Maria, but as Germany invades Poland, he leaves to join the Royal Air Force's Polish squadron.In England, Sobinski and his fellows meet the Polish resistance leader, Professor Siletsky, who will soon return to Warsaw on a secret mission. As the men give Siletsky messages for their loved ones, Sobinski gives him a secret message for Maria, which reads "To be or not to be", but becomes suspicious when Siletsky fails to recognize the famous actress. After informing British intelligence that Siletsky has a list of names and addresses of Polish airmen's relatives, Sobinski is sent to Warsaw to warn the resistance. In Warsaw, Siletsky sends for Maria and relays Sobinski's message to her. He invites Maria to dinner, hoping to recruit her as a Nazi spy. Just before she arrives at her apartment, Joseph returns and finds Sobinski in his bed. Although confused, Joseph agrees to help Maria and Sobinski obtain Siletsky's list.Siletsky is summoned to "Gestapo headquarters"—the theater—where Joseph impersonates Colonel Ehrhardt. After giving Joseph the list of Polish resistance fighters' relatives, Siletsky mentions Sobinski's secret message for Maria. Overcome with jealousy, Joseph inadvertently reveals himself. Siletsky pulls a gun on him and tries to escape but is shot dead by Sobinski. Joseph disguises himself as Siletsky and goes to Siletsky's hotel to retrieve an additional copy of his list. There, he finds Maria, who was unable to leave without Siletsky's approval, and Captain Schultz, who has come to take him to meet with Ehrhardt.Posing as Siletsky, Joseph names recently executed prisoners as the leaders of the resistance. The next day, the real Siletsky's corpse is found in the theater, and Ehrhardt sends for Maria to inform her. Unaware of this, Joseph, again masquerading as Siletsky, arranges another meeting with Ehrhardt. To expose Joseph as an impostor, Ehrhardt leaves him in a room with Siletsky's dead body. Joseph shaves off Siletsky's beard and applies a spare fake beard. He then goads Ehrhardt into pulling it off, convincing him Joseph is the real Siletsky. The scheme works until several actors disguised as Adolf Hitler's safety squad arrive, yank off Joseph's fake beard, and pretend to arrest him. Everyone is safe but now cannot leave Poland on the plane Ehrhardt had arranged for Siletsky.The Nazis stage a show to honor the visiting Hitler. The actors slip into the theater dressed as Nazis and hide until Hitler and his entourage take their seats. Jewish actor Greenberg suddenly appears and rushes Hitler's box while the rest of the actors infiltrate the real Nazis. Greenberg is captured by the Nazis, giving him the long-awaited opportunity to deliver Shylock's speech from The Merchant of Venice. Posing as Hitler's security chief, Joseph "arrests" Greenberg. All the actors—including Bronski disguised as Hitler—march out, get in Hitler's cars and drive away.Ehrhardt arrives at Maria's apartment and tries to seduce her until Bronski, dressed as Hitler, arrives to pick her up. As Maria leaves with Bronski, a shocked Ehrhardt assumes she is Hitler's mistress and tries to shoot himself. The actors take off in Hitler's plane, and Sobinski flies to England. When Joseph is asked by the press what reward he would like for saving the underground movement, Maria declares that he wants to play Hamlet. While performing on stage, Joseph sees Sobinski in the audience, but to the surprise of both men, another young officer walks out on Joseph's soliloquy.
1205	Secret Agent, The (1996)	Drama	Verloc works as a spy for the Russian government. He is hired by a foreign organisation to cause political instability in the country.
1206	Amos & Andrew (1993)	Comedy	Andrew Sterling, a successful black urbanite playwright, buys a vacation home on a resort island in Massachusetts. Two of his new neighbors, the Gillmans, mistake him for a burglar and call the police, unaware of the previous owners' departure. Andrew goes outside to shut off his car alarm, where he is met with gunfire from the police. Reporters arrive and interview Chief Tolliver, who calls Andrew on the phone to apologize for his mistake. To avoid the bad publicity, Tolliver offers Amos Odell, a thief in his jail, a deal: he will be granted free passage out of town if he breaks into Andrew's home, holds the writer hostage, and gives himself up. Armed with a shotgun, Amos enters the house and ties up Andrew, who believes Amos is an assassin sent to kill him due to his published views against "white America".Tolliver calls Amos to release Andrew as soon as the press mobbing the house is in place, promising to leave Amos' name and face out of the news. While Amos waits, he turns on the television to find his name and face all over the news. With his deal broken, Amos steps outside and demands a ransom for the famous author. Tolliver comes in the back door demanding Amos's surrender and reveals his opposition to Andrew living on the island. During a scuffle, Andrew hits the Chief unconscious with his frying pan and goes for the shotgun. Amos takes the gun back and tells Andrew he will remain his hostage.Amos cuffs himself to Andrew and runs with him through the backwoods until they enter the Gillmans' home, where he takes the Gillmans hostage as well. Tolliver, now free from captivity, once again demands Amos surrender, believing he is still somewhere in Andrew's home. He also declares he will prosecute Andrew on assault charges, so Amos reveals his two new hostages. Awaiting the ransom, Amos and Andrew watch the Gillmans' news interview, explaining how the incident started. A pizza Amos ordered arrives at the Gillman home, and Amos gives the delivery girl the Gillmans' and Tolliver's interview tape. He then steals the key to the Gillmans' car and invites Andrew to join him as his partner in crime, which disgusts Andrew.Andrew's home is set on fire during a struggle between the police and the crowd. The pizza girl returns the interview tape to the reporters. Tolliver sends out a man with his two bloodhounds to find Andrew, and Amos, as he is chased through a field, rescues Andrew. Andrew uses Tolliver's wallet, which Amos had taken from him, and sics the bloodhounds on Tolliver using the new scent. During the interview, the reporters reveal they know the truth about the incident. As Tolliver realizes he no longer possesses the tape of his interview, the two bloodhounds chase him away.Amos and Andrew meet up with the latter's wife on a barge, and the two men part ways as friends. Amos attempts to flee to Canada but turns onto Interstate 95, unknowingly going in the wrong direction.
1207	Jade (1995)	Thriller	Assistant District Attorney David Corelli is called to the murder scene of prominent businessman Kyle Medford, found skinned to death in his San Francisco home by an antique hatchet. Police detectives Bob Hargrove and Petey Vesko find photographs in Medford's safe of Governor Lew Edwards having sex with a prostitute, later identified as Patrice Jacinto. During questioning, Patrice reveals that she and several other women were paid by Medford to have sex with wealthy men at his beach house in Pacifica. She also informs them that the most desired prostitute among the clients was a woman known only as "Jade". In a private meeting with Governor Edwards and aide Bill Barrett, Corelli is warned not to make the photographs public. Corelli is then almost killed when his brake line is deliberately cut and his vehicle crashes after losing control on a steep hill.The detectives find fingerprints on the hatchet belonging to Katrina Gavin, a clinical psychologist and former lover of Corelli's who eventually married his close friend, defense attorney Matt Gavin. When interviewed, Katrina explains that Medford gave her a tour of his antique collection on the day in question, but claims to have nothing to do with his death. At Medford's beach house, Corelli and the detectives find various drugs, alcohol, and sex toys, as well as hidden video cameras. They conclude Medford was recording the sex sessions to blackmail the men. Corelli is shocked to discover Katrina on one of the tapes; the revelation renews the detectives' interest in her as a suspect.Patrice arranges to meet Corelli at a restaurant to discuss Jade's identity, but she is murdered in a hit-and-run attack by an unknown assailant driving a black Ford Thunderbird. Corelli, witnessing the murder first-hand, chases the assailants' vehicle all the way to the docks, where the assailant rams Corelli's car into sea and escapes. The detectives discover the Gavins own a similar Thunderbird, so suspect Katrina of killing Patrice, but then find the actual vehicle used in the hit-and-run abandoned, suggesting that someone is trying to frame Katrina. Katrina is again brought in for questioning and is shown the sex tape. Matt, in his capacity as her attorney, ends the interrogation before she fully explains her involvement. When confronted at their home, Katrina admits to her husband that she did have sex with the man on the tape, due in part to her knowledge of Matt's many affairs.Katrina visits Corelli at his apartment and tries unsuccessfully to seduce him. She admits having felt sexually liberated by sleeping with several men at the beach house. Meanwhile, the only witness to identify Katrina at the Pacifica beach house, a man named Henderson, is found murdered. Corelli informs the detectives at the crime scene that Katrina could not have killed him because he was with her at the time. Back at his apartment, Corelli is confronted by Matt, who holds him at gunpoint and angrily accuses him of sleeping with Katrina. Corelli denies it and persuades Matt that his wife's life is in danger. They hurry to the Gavin home, where Det. Hargrove, Barrett, and Pat Callendar have come to kill Katrina and search for the incriminating photos of the governor. Callendar is shot by Matt, but Barrett manages to escape. In the meantime, Hargrove tries to rape and kill Katrina, but Corelli and Matt arrive and Hargrove is shot by Matt.Corelli goes to the governor for a guarantee of Katrina's safety by leveraging his possession of the photographs. The governor denies any knowledge of Hargrove or Callendar's actions, but insinuates they were both acting on his behalf. As she gets ready for bed at home, Katrina finds photographs laid out in her bathroom of her having sex at the beach house. Matt admits to Katrina that he killed Medford, certain that Medford eventually would blackmail them both. He then tells Katrina to "introduce me to Jade" the next time they "make love".
1208	Kiss of Death (1995)	Crime, Drama, Thriller	Jimmy Kilmartin is a reformed ex-convict living in Astoria, Queens, New York City, with his wife Bev and their daughter. Both Jimmy and Bev are recovering alcoholics. One day, Bev leaves Jimmy alone to attend an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. During her absence, Jimmy's cousin Ronnie, who is in trouble, urgently seeks his help in moving stolen cars. Knowing the risks involved, Jimmy initially refuses but eventually agrees out of concern for Ronnie's safety. Ronnie reveals that a dangerous asthmatic psychopath named Little Junior Brown will kill him if the cars aren't moved.In a rush to catch up on their schedule, Ronnie insists on moving the stolen cars together in a caravan, attracting the attention of the police. When they reach the Brooklyn Navy Yard to unload the cars, the police show up. During the chaos of the arrest, Jimmy's passenger shoots at the police, injuring Detective Calvin Hart and causing a bullet to graze Jimmy's hand and Detective Hart's face.Jack Gold, the lawyer for the Brown crime family, promises Jimmy that his wife Bev will be taken care of if he takes the blame for the incident without revealing his co-conspirators. However, Ronnie shortchanges Bev's allowance, and she is coerced into working for Ronnie at his chop shop near Shea Stadium. On her first day, Bev witnesses Ronnie beating a man who tried to sell him a stolen car. Feeling overwhelmed, she succumbs to temptation and drinks alcohol. Ronnie takes her to Baby Cakes, a strip club owned by the Browns, where he continues to ply her with alcohol and make advances towards her. Big Junior and Little Junior Brown intervene, and despite their anger towards Ronnie, they order him to take Bev home. Instead, Ronnie brings her to his house, causing Bev to panic and flee in Ronnie's car. Tragically, she crashes head-on into a semi-truck and dies instantly.Given supervised release for Bev's funeral, Jimmy listens to Ronnie's feeble explanation for Bev's death. Bev's sister Rosie informs Jimmy that Bev never returned home the night before her death. Suspecting Ronnie's involvement, Jimmy agrees to become a state witness and reveals the names of all those involved in the Navy Yard incident, except Ronnie. When the police arrest everyone except Ronnie, the Browns believe Ronnie is the snitch. In retaliation, Little Junior Brown beats Ronnie to death in his office.Several years pass, and the district attorney approaches Jimmy again, urging him to inform on the Browns. Still serving his sentence in Sing Sing, Jimmy negotiates a pardon and a job he would enjoy. He marries Rosie but keeps his informant duties hidden from her. Detective Hart informs Jimmy that their target is actually a drug dealer named Omar, who receives weapons and cars from Little Junior Brown. Jimmy agrees to wear a wire and resumes working for the Browns, starting with car thefts.During his time with the crew, Jimmy encounters Little Junior at Baby Cakes, where Junior expresses condolences for Bev's death. Junior takes Jimmy to a meeting with Omar, but Jimmy's deception becomes increasingly difficult to maintain, straining his relationship with Rosie. Eventually, Junior takes Jimmy to another meeting with Omar, where Jimmy witnesses Junior killing Omar. Later, Omar's crew kidnaps Jimmy and takes him to a meeting, revealing that Omar was an undercover DEA agent.Using the tape of Omar's killing as evidence, the district attorney and the DEA arrest Little Junior. However, after Junior is released on bail, he kidnaps Jimmy's daughter to send him a message. Jimmy eventually locates his daughter in the woods, her forehead marked with the letters B.A.D. (Balls, Attitude, Direction) in blood, symbolizing Junior's ruthless nature. Realizing his family is no longer safe, Jimmy returns to the city and confronts Junior at Baby Cakes, holding him at gunpoint. A fight ensues, leading to Junior's arrest by Detective Hart, who discovers Jimmy was wearing a wire. Jimmy uses a tape containing corrupt threats from the district attorney as leverage, allowing him to escape the situation.In the final scene, Jimmy gets into a stolen Explorer gifted to him by Junior and leaves the city with Rosie and their daughter, seeking a new life away from danger.
1209	Mixed Nuts (1994)	Comedy	In Venice, Los Angeles on Christmas Eve, an ex-con named Felix is being chased down the road by his angry, pregnant girlfriend, Gracie. He accidentally runs into and damages a Christmas tree carried by two rollerbladers. An argument breaks out among them. A stranger named Philip tries to calm them down. They disperse, and Philip picks up the damaged tree and takes it to his office.Philip runs a suicide-prevention hotline called "Lifesavers,” working there with a judgmental widow named Mrs. Munchnik and an overly sensitive woman named Catherine. Catherine obviously has a crush on Philip, but he seems oblivious. Philip receives an eviction notice from the landlord, Stanley, who is planning to convert the building to condominiums. Philip keeps the eviction notice a secret from his coworkers, and tries to get his loan officer fiancée, Susan, to grant him a small loan to stay in business. Susan refuses to grant the loan and breaks up with Philip, saying she has been cheating on him with a psychiatrist.The hotline is not too busy on Christmas eve, but they do get a call from a woman who is afraid of the "Seaside Strangler" (a serial killer who has recently targeted women in the neighborhood), and a call from Chris, a depressed cross-dresser who wants to visit the office in person so as to get away from his judgmental family. Mrs. Munchnik's shift ends, but she gets trapped in the elevator as she leaves. She eventually manages to get Philip's attention and he manages to pull her out.Gracie arrives at the office to see her friend Catherine; Felix, chasing Gracie, also shows up. Gracie hits Felix in the head with a fruitcake, giving him a concussion. Philip and Catherine take Felix to a veterinarian friend to get treated for free. At the vet, Felix accidentally overdoses on dog tranquilizers. He is taken to a hospital.Chris arrives at the office; Gracie opens the door for her so quickly that she accidentally strikes Mrs. Munchnik and knocks her unconscious. Gracie asks Chris to look after Mrs. Munchnik, then leaves. Philip returns to the office; Chris strikes up a conversation with him and convinces him to dance. Mrs. Munchnik awakens, witnesses their dancing, and threatens to sue Philip for withholding information of the eviction and for inappropriate office behavior. She leaves.Gracie gives Catherine a makeover; then they return to the office with Chinese food. Downstairs neighbor Louie, who has a crush on Catherine, joins them. Meanwhile, Philip throws the fruitcake out of the office window and accidentally smashes the windshield of Mrs. Munchnik's car, just as she is about to drive away. Fellow neighbor Mr. Lobel approaches her with his three dogs and tries to cheer her up. Mrs. Munchnik suddenly kisses him; they run off to the beach and have sex.An hour later, Felix (having regained consciousness and escaped from the hospital) arrives at the office brandishing a gun. Chris attempts to disarm him and gets shot in the foot. Gracie takes the gun and shoots wildly around the office to empty it of ammunition. Two shots go through the front door—and kill the landlord, Stanley, who had just showed up to try to fix the elevator. The sight of the dead man puts Catherine in shock. Philip prepares a bath to calm her down and realizes that he is attracted to her. Catherine and Philip have sex in the bathroom. Meanwhile, Louie and Chris start flirting with each other; Louie makes up a song for Chris on his ukulele.Gracie and Felix disguise Stanley's body as a Christmas tree: they wrap it in burlap and attach the branches of the office Christmas tree with Super Glue. Everyone leaves the office to help carry the "tree" and leave it on the boardwalk, along with the bag that Stanley was carrying. Outside, they encounter the angry rollerbladers from the first scene, who recognize Felix and decide to destroy his "tree" in revenge. The "tree" crashes to the ground and reveals the dead body. The police arrive and ask for an explanation. Philip says that the gun is Felix's, but then Gracie confesses to the crime instead. Not wanting Gracie to go to jail, Felix grabs the gun, runs to the roof of a building, and threatens to commit suicide.Philip must be a real "life saver" and convince Felix not to kill himself. He makes an emotional speech about Christmas, which convinces Felix to climb down and face the consequences. Meanwhile, the detectives have been investigating Stanley's bag. They find fishing line and kelp, the Seaside Strangler's weapons of choice, revealing Stanley to be the serial killer.For killing the criminal, Gracie receives a $250,000 reward. She gives Philip some of the money to pay their debts, then promptly goes into labor. Giving birth at midnight on Christmas Day, the scene parodies the Nativity of Jesus. Philip then proposes to Catherine, and she accepts.In the end credits, Felix finally fulfills his dream of becoming a mural artist, painting a mural depicting everything that happened on this eventful Christmas Eve.
1210	Virtuosity (1995)	Sci-Fi, Thriller	In Los Angeles, Parker Barnes is a former police officer imprisoned for killing political terrorist Matthew Grimes, who killed Parker's wife and daughter. Barnes killed Grimes but also accidentally shot two news reporters in the process and was sentenced to 17 years to life. In the year 1999, Barnes and John Donovan are testing a virtual reality system designed for training police officers. The two are tracking down a serial killer named SID 6.7 at a Japanese sushi restaurant in virtual reality. SID (short for Sadistic, Intelligent, Dangerous, a VR amalgam of the most violent serial killers throughout history) causes Donovan to go into shock, killing him. The director overseeing the project orders the programmer in charge of creating SID, Dr. Darrel Lindenmeyer, to shut down the project with Commissioner Elizabeth Deane and her associate, William Wallace, as his witnesses.Following a fight with another prisoner, Big Red, Barnes meets with criminal psychologist Dr. Madison Carter. Meanwhile, Lindenmeyer informs SID that he is about to be shut down because Donovan's death was caused when SID disabled the fail-safes. At SID's suggestion, Lindenmeyer convinces another employee, Clyde Reilly, that a sexually-compliant virtual reality model, Sheila 3.2, another project created by Lindenmeyer, can be brought to life in a synthetically grown android body. However, Lindenmeyer replaces the Sheila 3.2 module with the SID 6.7 module. Now processed into the real world, SID 6.7 kills Reilly.Once word gets out of SID being in the real world, Deane and LAPD Chief William Cochran offer Barnes a deal: if he catches SID and brings him back to virtual reality, he will be pardoned. Barnes agrees, and with help from Carter they discover that Matthew Grimes, the terrorist who killed Barnes's wife and daughter, is a part of SID 6.7's personality profile. After killing a family along with a group of security guards, SID heads over to the Media Zone, a local nightclub, where he takes hostages. Barnes and Carter go to the nightclub to stop him, but SID escapes.The next day, SID begins a killing spree at the Los Angeles Olympic Auditorium where a UFC match is taking place. Barnes arrives at the Stadium to capture SID and finds him on a train, where another hostage is being held by SID. Barnes seemingly kills the hostage in front of horrified witnesses and is sent back to prison. Having caught up with Barnes after the incident, Carter tries to prove Barnes's innocence, but Barnes is freed from his prisoner transport by SID, who once again escapes. Wallace and Deane are about to have Barnes terminated via a fail-safe transmitter implanted in his body, but Cochran destroys the system after learning from Carter that Barnes didn't kill the hostage on the train.SID kidnaps Carter's daughter Karin and takes over a television studio. Lindenmeyer, having come out of hiding, sees what SID is doing and is impressed but is captured by Carter. After a fight on the roof of the studio, Barnes ultimately destroys SID's body but is unable to learn where he hid Karin. They place SID back in VR to trick the location out of him which proves to be one of the fan enclosures on the studio roof. When SID discovers that he is back in virtual reality, he goes into a rage. Cochran lets Carter out of VR, but Lindenmeyer kills Cochran before he can release Barnes. Barnes starts to go into the same shock that Donovan suffered, but Carter kills Lindenmeyer and saves Barnes.Barnes and Carter return to the building that SID took over in the real world and save Karin from a booby trap set up by SID that's similar to the one that killed Barnes' family. After Karin is saved, Barnes destroys the SID 6.7 module.
1211	Blue Sky (1994)	Drama, Romance	In 1962, Major Hank Marshall and his wife Carly face marital difficulties due to the pressures of Hank's military career and Carly's mental health issues. Hank is a nuclear engineer who favors underground nuclear testing, an initiative code-named "Blue Sky", rather than above-ground, open-air detonations. Carly, a free spirit who appears to be mentally unbalanced, struggles with domestic monotony and her advancing age, causing tension within their family. Their move from Hawaii to a remote base in Alabama worsens Carly's erratic behavior and unsettles their eldest daughter Alex.The day after their arrival, Hank meets with base commander Colonel Vince Johnson, who dismisses Hank's underground testing proposal despite strong scientific evidence. Meanwhile, Vince's wife Vera extends an invitation to Carly for a social event hosted by the base officers' wives. At the party, Carly becomes intoxicated and performs an exotic dance, prompting Vera to persuade Vince to address Carly's behavior, though Vince plans to remove Hank from the equation first.Alex begins a relationship with Vince's son Glenn. On their first date, they find what Alex believes to be a dud grenade, which detonates and reveals their relationship, adding to Vince's motivation to remove Hank. Carly is invited by the officers' wives to participate in a dance recital and dedicates herself to rehearsing. Hank is then sent to the Nevada Test Site to oversee the initial underground test under Lieutenant Colonel Robert Jennings.During the test, Hank observes two cowboys in the testing area and requests that Robert abort the test, but Robert refuses, disregarding the cowboys' safety and sending Hank back to Alabama. While Hank is away, Alex and Glenn discover that Vince has orchestrated Hank's removal to pursue an affair with Carly.Hank learns of the affair during the dance recital and reacts violently, leading to Carly being pushed out of a window and hospitalized. Hank is subsequently arrested, and Vince presents Carly with a choice: to either have Hank court-martialed or commit him to a psychiatric facility. Hank expresses a preference for court-martialing to publicize the incident with the cowboys but realizes he has been set up by Vince. Before he can act on this realization military police transport him to the hospital, where he is heavily sedated.Suspecting foul play, Carly investigates Hank's documents and discovers the report on the cowboys. She drives cross-country with her daughters and finds the cowboys suffering from radiation sickness then urges them to expose their story. When they refuse, Carly steals a horse and enters the test site to reenact their experience, attracting media attention. As a result, Robert is forced to release both Carly and Hank.Carly returns home to find Hank waiting for her, having resigned from his position, and that Vince has been relieved of his duties. Hank announces a new job opportunity in the private sector in California, and the family moves happily to start anew.
1212	Flesh and Bone (1993)	Drama, Mystery, Romance	A rural Texas family finds a mute boy in their front yard. They take the boy in, feed him, and put him to bed while they try to figure out what happened to him. During the night, the boy wakes up and lets a stranger into the house. The man and the boy rob the house together. When the father surprises the burglar, they exchange gunfire. Drawn by the sound, the burglar kills the mother as well. He asks his son if there is anyone else in the house. The boy reluctantly nods, and his father goes upstairs to kill the family's young son, leaving only their crying baby alive.25 years later, the boy is living a solitary life as a man named Arlis. He has a vending machine business which keeps him traveling all over Texas. At one of his stops, he meets a stripper named Kay who is too drunk to do her job. He drives Kay home and helps her leave her degenerate husband. Arlis resists Kay's advances for a while before they finally fall in love.One night, Arlis answers a knock at the motel door. It is a young woman named Ginnie, a petty thief he has seen on his rounds. Ginnie asks for help with her car. Arlis follows her to the vehicle only to find that his father Roy is waiting for him. He has been shot and needs Arlis to tend to the wound.Kay offers Ginnie some nightclothes from her suitcase. Ginnie sees a photograph and asks about it. Kay explains it was her family. Both Arlis and his father eventually realize that Kay was the baby that survived Roy's massacre. Arlis leaves Kay in order to protect her from his father.Roy has Ginnie lure Kay to the abandoned farmhouse of her infancy. Arlis tracks them down and confronts his father. Neither man lets on to Kay why they are there. As she explores the fields with Ginnie, Roy taunts Arlis about not having the stomach to shoot him. He says he has to kill Kay because she is a loose end, and Arlis will not stop him because they are "flesh and bone".Arlis kills Roy and takes Kay away from the house. He leaves her at the motel and resumes his solitary life.
1213	Guilty as Sin (1993)	Crime, Drama, Thriller	Jennifer Haines is an up-and-coming Chicago attorney. She wins a big case, celebrates with the man in her life, Phil Garson, and returns to work to a hero's reception.Into her life walks David Greenhill, who was seated in the gallery during her previous trial. Greenhill is a debonair and arrogant ladies' man who stands accused of murdering his wealthy wife, Rita. He wants Haines to represent him, but she declines.Something about him intrigues her, though, so the equally arrogant Haines has second thoughts. She tells her law firm's superiors that this promises to be a high-profile trial and she wants it because: "I am that good."Greenhill maintains his innocence but shows signs of irrational behavior that make Haines wary of him. She assigns her longtime investigator Moe to do some digging and he begins to unearth the defendant's shady past. Greenhill in the meantime starts showing up unexpectedly in Haines's social life, stalking her and dropping hints that something is going on between them.Phil dislikes the guy intensely and demands Haines drop him as a client. She does not care for Greenhill either but resents being told what to do. She refuses to quit his case until her law partners notify her that the fee Greenhill promised remains unpaid. An unsympathetic judge tells Haines that it is her own fault and refuses to let her abandon her client.Learning from Moe that Greenhill has a history of dating older women who usually end up dead, a horrified Haines wants to turn him in, but is bound to attorney-client privilege. She instead tries to sabotage her own case by having evidence planted at Greenhill's apartment, hoping that it will lead to his conviction. He knows she must be behind it and takes his revenge by viciously assaulting Phil, who ends up hospitalized.Greenhill's case ends in a mistrial, after the jury fails to reach a unanimous verdict. Greenhill, seemingly pleased, displays regret that he never had a chance to take the stand. He does so privately for Haines in the empty courtroom, revealing that he had been scouting her far in advance of the murder case. He confesses that he did indeed kill his wife and provides vivid details.Greenhill further tells Haines that he knows she planted the evidence. He could use this to blackmail her, but says that he has come to tire of her. Haines fears the psychopathic Greenhill will now come after her. She prepares to disclose everything, even at the cost of her career.Greenhill anticipates this. He murders Moe, knocking him out and then setting fire to his office. He then intercepts Haines at her apartment building. He casually states that between Phil's beating and Moe's death, she is grieving enough to commit suicide. A fierce struggle ensues. Greenhill manages to throw Haines over a railing, but to his horror, she pulls him down with her. They fall several stories together. Greenhill is killed in the fall. Haines, cushioned by his body, is severely injured but survives. As she is carried off to the hospital, she triumphantly states: "I beat him, Phil. I beat him. Tough way to win a case."
1214	In the Realm of the Senses (Ai no corrida) (1976)	Drama	In 1936 Tokyo, Sada Abe is a former prostitute who now works as a maid in a hotel. The hotel's owner, Kichizo Ishida, initiates an intense affair that consists of sexual experiments and various self-indulgences. Ishida leaves his wife to pursue his affair with Sada. Sada becomes increasingly possessive and jealous of Ishida, and Ishida more eager to please her. Their mutual obsession escalates until Ishida finds that she is most excited by strangling him during lovemaking, and he is killed in this fashion. Sada then severs his penis. While she is shown next to him naked, it is mentioned that she will walk around with his organ for four days before being arrested while smiling radiantly. Words written with blood can be read on his chest: "Sada Kichi the two of us forever."
1215	Barb Wire (1996)	Action, Sci-Fi	In 2017, during the Second American Civil War, Barb Wire owns the Hammerhead, a nightclub in Steel Harbor, "the last free city" in a United States ravaged by the war. She earns cash as a mercenary and bounty hunter. Chief of Police Willis raids her club. Willis's target is fugitive Dr. Corrina 'Cora D' Devonshire, a former government scientist with information about a new bioweapon called Red Ribbon being developed by her former superiors in the Congressional Directorate. The Congressional Council has tasked Colonel Victor Pryzer with finding Dr. Devonshire so they can end the Second Civil War by releasing the virus on the United Front territories. Dr. Devonshire hopes to escape to Canada to make this information public.Devonshire turns up at the Hammerhead. She is accompanied by Axel Hood, a "freedom fighter" Barb had loved at the outbreak of the war. The two were separated during the conflict. Axel tries to help Cora get to Canada. They try to find a contraband pair of contact lenses that would allow Cora to evade the retinal scan identification at the Steel Harbor airport. The lenses pass through the hands of several lowlifes before also ending up at Barb's nightclub.Rather than give the lenses to Cora and Axel, Barb makes a deal with 'Big Fatso', the leader of a junkyard gang: Fatso wants the lenses, which are worth a fortune on the black market, and Barb wants a million dollars and an armed escort to the airport, where she plans to get on the plane to Canada. But Fatso double-crosses Barb; when Barb, Axel and Cora show up at the junkyard to make the swap, Colonel Pryzer and his storm troopers are also there, along with Chief of Police Willis. Willis makes a show of arresting Barb and Cora, but instead of putting handcuffs on Barb, he slips her a hand grenade. Barb uses the grenade to kill Fatso and cause enough confusion to allow Barb, Axel, Cora and Willis to pile into Barb's armored van and lead the Congressionals on a car chase, culminating in a hand-to-hand fight between Barb and Colonel Pryzer on a forklift suspended by crane above the harbor. Pryzer falls to his death while Barb escapes.The party makes it to the airport, where Barb reveals she still has the contact lenses. She gives them to Cora, and Cora and Axel get on the plane to Canada while Willis and Barb remain on the rainswept tarmac.
1216	Kissed (1996)	Romance	As far back as Sandra Larson (Parker) can remember, she has been fascinated by death. As a child, she dances with the corpses of animals at night, rubbing them on her body, before giving them a funeral. She performs this dance in front of her only friend, a girl named Carol (Jessie Winter Mudie), who ends their friendship soon afterward.In college, Sandra studies biology, carefully dissecting the bodies of small animals, trying to avoid disfiguring them. She gets a job at a funeral home to be closer to dead bodies. The funeral home's janitor Jan (James Timmons) believes, like Sandra, that dead bodies still have a soul in them. While driving the hearse with a body in a coffin in the back through a car wash, Sandra looks at the body and finds a shining light, believing that body's soul is alive somewhere.Mr. Wallis apprentices Sandra in embalming. She starts studying mortuary science, where she meets a medical student named Matt (Peter Outerbridge) who also must study corpses for his major. Matt and Sandra begin to date, and Matt is intrigued by Sandra's death fascination. Occasionally they spend nights together in Matt's basement apartment, but Sandra always leaves for late night visits to the mortuary to celebrate the dead bodies of young men with dance ceremonies which escalate into necrophilia.Matt becomes distraught when he discovers that he is competing with dead bodies. He tries unsuccessfully to get Sandra to talk about her necrophilia, so he starts visiting her at the funeral home, which upsets her. Matt has to go to an extreme to win Sandra's heart, as she struggles with choosing between the living or the dead, with tragic results.
1217	Assassins (1995)	Thriller	Assassin Robert Rath plans to retire, haunted by the memory of murdering his mentor Nicolai several years ago. While Rath is on an assignment, his target is eliminated by Miguel Bain, another assassin. Bain greatly admires Rath but also wants to kill him to establish himself as the world's greatest hitman.As Rath tries to figure out who sent Bain, his contractor offers him a lucrative job that could allow him to retire: kill a notorious computer hacker named Electra along with four Dutch buyers of a computer disk she possesses, then retrieve the disk. Electra has set up CCTV cameras and an elaborate mechanism for remotely moving items between rooms in the building where she is based.At the designated location for the buy, Bain locates and eliminates the four Dutchmen, who turn out to be Interpol agents. Realizing Bain is once again after the same target as he is, Rath spares Electra and the two escape with the disk. Scared by the whole situation, Electra runs away from Rath to her house. Both Bain and Rath separately track her down. During the ensuing fight, Bain kills Electra's neighbors and is about to kill her when Rath intervenes. Realizing Rath does not want to kill her, Electra decides to trust him.Rath exchanges the disk for his fee, given to him in a briefcase. However, the briefcase contains a bomb planted by his contact. After surviving the attempt on his life, Rath is told by Electra that she swapped the disk, unsure if he would come back. Rath demands a greatly increased fee from his contact for the genuine disk, with the money to be wired to a bank in Puerto Rico. The contact agrees but also hires Bain to kill Rath.Rath and Electra travel to the bank, where he concludes that Bain will use an adjacent abandoned hotel as a sniper post. Fifteen years earlier, Rath had shot Nicolai from the same building. Rath sets a trap, managing to both get the money and, with Electra's help, engage Bain in a gunfight. With Bain seemingly dead, Nicolai appears and reveals that he had worn a bulletproof vest when Rath shot him years earlier. Recognizing Nicolai's intention to kill them both, Rath and a surviving Bain both shoot him dead. Despite their brief alliance, Bain draws a gun on Rath, whose back is turned. Electra puts on her sunglasses, allowing Rath to use the reflection to aim a shot backwards through his own jacket, killing Bain.After Bain's death, Rath and Electra leave together. Their true names are Joseph and Anna.
1218	Friday (1995)	Comedy	Craig Jones, a recently fired and unemployed slacker living in South Central Los Angeles, spends Friday with his best friend Smokey, a small-time drug peddler. The pair smoke a brokered consignment of marijuana, which Smokey was tasked to sell for his drug supplier, Big Worm.Big Worm attempts to collect his money from Smokey, who accidentally involves Craig. He then subjects both to his ultimatum: if they are unable to repay him $200 by 10:00 that evening, Craig and Smokey will be killed.Craig attempts to borrow money from several people, including his mother Betty, his sister Dana, and jealous girlfriend Joi, and Joi refuses under the assumption that Craig is being unfaithful with local drug addict and mooch Felisha and her sister Debbie. Craig retrieves a gun to walk Smokey home, but his father, Willie, tells him that he needs to use his fists instead of weapons to help himself.Smokey sells some drugs to Hector, a former smoking buddy. At the same time, Deebo, the neighborhood bully, forces Smokey to break into their neighbor Stanley's house to burglarize. They manage to steal $200, which Deebo decides to keep for himself.Smokey attempts to retrieve the money from Deebo, who is asleep with Felisha at her house, but fails due to interference from the petty thief Ezal. Seeing Deebo awake, Craig and Smokey notice a car driving slowly, and, suspecting a drive-by shooting, they hide in Craig's room for the evening. After failing to contact Big Worm, and with 10:00 PM approaching, they return outside but are forced to evade Big Worm's men as they are sitting in a black van with the headlights off, starting a shootout.After the shootout, the neighbors come out of their houses upon hearing the gunshots. Debbie confronts Deebo for beating Felisha, assuming Felisha was behind Smokey's attempted theft. As Craig and Smokey arrive, Deebo starts bullying Debbie and punches her, knocking her to the ground, leading to a physical altercation between him and Craig. Craig is victorious by defeating him on Debbie's behalf.Smokey steals $200 from the incapacitated Deebo while Red punches him as revenge (for previously punching him and stealing his bicycle and gold chain) and retrieves both the items. Debbie tends to Craig's wounds. At midnight, Craig breaks up with Joi over the phone in favor of Debbie. Willie also informs Craig that his former supervisor has called and wants to see him tomorrow about his job.Smokey settles his debt with Big Worm, telling him he will no longer sell drugs and is set to enter rehabilitation. Smokey then smokes a joint and ends the movie by looking at the camera and saying, "I was just bullshittin'! And you know this, man!"
1219	Goofy Movie, A (1995)	Animation, Children's, Comedy, Romance	Max Goof is an average teenager who pines after his classmate Roxanne, idolizes the pop star Powerline, and has a tense relationship with his clumsy, old-fashioned father Goofy, whom he fears he may end up taking after when he grows up, having already inherited his laugh. On the last day of school before summer vacation, Max, with help from his friends P.J. and Bobby, hijacks a school assembly and dances while lip syncing to a Powerline song. The performance succeeds in making Max a school celebrity, and he invites Roxanne with him to a viewing party of a live broadcast of Powerline's upcoming concert in Los Angeles.Goofy, after school principal Mazur warns him about Max's potential juvenile delinquency, immediately plans a fishing trip to Lake Destiny, Idaho, to curb his son's behavior. Max attempts to cancel his date with Roxanne, but panics and tells her that not only are he and Goofy traveling to Los Angeles to attend the concert, but that Powerline has invited them onstage.Goofy and Max hit the road, visiting a run-down possum-themed amusement park where Goofy embarrasses Max. The next day, they run into P.J. and his father, Pete, while camping. Goofy takes his son fishing and shows him the "Perfect Cast" fishing technique, accidentally luring Bigfoot to their camp and forcing Goofy and Max to spend the night in the car with Bigfoot outside. While Goofy sleeps, Max alters the map's route to Los Angeles.The next morning, Goofy makes Max the navigator of the trip, and the two enjoy several stops together. That night, while staying at the same motel, Pete overhears a conversation between Max and P.J. and informs Goofy that Max has tricked him into traveling to Los Angeles. Goofy still believes Max will do the right thing, but the next morning, Max still chooses the route to California, and Goofy angrily stops the car at the Grand Canyon and storms off. With the brake loose, the car drives off on its own; Goofy and Max chase after it and end up riding the car down the Colorado River. After a brief argument, Goofy says no matter how old Max gets he will always be his son, and the two finally reconcile. After learning about Max's promise to Roxanne, Goofy decides to take him to the concert. The two nearly plummet down a waterfall, but Max rescues Goofy using the Perfect Cast technique.In Los Angeles, Goofy and Max arrive at the concert, sneak on to the stage, and dance with Powerline, delighting Roxanne. Max and Goofy return home in their barely functioning car and Max tells Roxanne the truth; she admits she always liked him and they make plans to go out. The car explodes, ejecting Goofy into the porch roof of Roxanne's house, and Max proudly introduces his father to his new girlfriend.
1220	Higher Learning (1995)	Drama	Kristen Connor, a friendly but naïve white woman from Orange County, California, and Malik Williams, a black high-school track star on an athletic scholarship, both incoming freshmen at the fictional Columbus University, attend a dorm party hosted by militant Afrocentric activist Fudge White, who has been attending the university for 6 years. Fudge's roommate Remy, a quiet white man from Boise, Idaho and fellow freshman who is studying engineering, contacts campus police to disband the party for noise violations. Fudge argues that the police unfairly target black students while conversely ignoring white students.Taryn, an openly lesbian feminist junior, warns Kristen about walking alone at night on campus and invites her to join her student group. Meanwhile, Malik and Kristen both enroll in a political science class taught by Maurice Phipps, a conservative black man from the British West Indies. Phipps assigns his students a semester-long project of formulating their own political ideologies instead of allowing others to categorize them.Frat boy Billy McDonald rapes Kristen one night, ignoring her refusal to have sex without a condom. Monet, Kristen's roommate, discovers her crying and receives a racially offensive call from Billy; she then notifies Fudge. At a frat party, Fudge's friends confront and severely assault Billy for the racist remark, and Kristen identifies Billy to the black students, who force him to apologize to Monet, unaware that he sexually assaulted Kristen. Shortly afterwards, Kristen joins Taryn's student group, discloses the rape, and is encouraged by Taryn to report the crime. As they bond, Kristen begins developing romantic feelings for Taryn, but eventually decides to continue a relationship with Wayne, a college student and roommate of Malik she was already dating.When Fudge threateningly mocks Remy's complaints about his loud music constantly disrupting Remy's studies, Remy moves out and gets a new Jewish roommate named David Isaacs. However, his frustration grows when Malik mocks him after winning a video game. Shortly afterwards, feeling increasingly isolated from his peers, Remy befriends a group of white supremacists led by Scott Moss, who live near the university campus; influenced by their neo-nazi racist beliefs, he eventually joins their ranks as a Nazi skinhead.Malik confronts Phipps over a dismal grade on a midterm essay and accuses him of selling out to the white establishment. Phipps responsively explains the various spelling and grammar errors and emphasizes the importance of taking personal responsibility, sharing his perspective that black people have to work twice as hard both to triumph over societal prejudice and to attain the same socio-economic status as white people. Afterwards, Malik improves his writing skills, aided by his girlfriend, fellow track athlete Deja, and learns valuable lessons about self-improvement.Conversely, Remy's hatred and racism escalate as he pulls a gun on Malik and David, using racial slurs. He eventually drops out of the university and, encouraged by his Neo-Nazi friends, fires a sniper rifle from a rooftop during a peace festival organized by Kristen and Monet. Deja is killed in the attack, and a vengeful Malik locates and assaults Remy before the campus police violently restrain and pummel him, ironically overlooking Remy's presence until he pulls a pistol. Remy remorsefully attempts to apologize for his actions before committing suicide by shooting himself in the mouth. Later that night, the skinheads congregate in Moss' apartment, eagerly waiting to hear news from Remy, while confident that nothing will connect him to them. Following a TV news report, the neonazis hail Remy's "heroic" actions, while Moss quietly sits back, satisfied.After the shooting, Malik expresses discouragement and uncertainty to Phipps about continuing his studies, with Phipps reciprocally expressing trust in Malik's judgment and future choice. Malik and Kristen, who have previously interacted minimally with each other, converse near a converted Christopher Columbus statue, reflecting on the recent events. While Kristen believes the shooting was her fault for organizing the peace festival, Malik reassures her that she is not to blame, and that it was the right thing to do at the time, before departing from the campus, leaving his fate at the university undisclosed. Ultimately, Fudge, Taryn, and others graduate from Columbus University, while Phipps walks beneath the American flag, with the caption "Unlearn" superimposed over it.
1221	When a Man Loves a Woman (1994)	Drama	Alice Green is a school counselor struggling with alcoholism and is married to Michael, an airline pilot. Though she is lighthearted and loving, Alice is often reckless and, when drunk, even neglects her children: nine-year-old Jess from a previous marriage, and four-year-old Casey, whose father is Michael.One afternoon, Alice enters their home in a drunken, incoherent state. She dismisses the reluctant babysitter Amy, who leaves her alone with her children. Still drinking, Alice is confronted by Jess, who is concerned for her welfare. In return, she slaps Jess, who runs to her room in tears. While in the shower, Alice retches, calls for Jess, and cannot control her balance, which causes her to fall through the shower door onto the bathroom floor and lose consciousness. Fearing Alice has died, Jess contacts Michael who immediately flies home to be by Alice's side.In the hospital, Michael and Alice confront the truth about Alice's drinking. They both decide that she must seek professional help for her alcoholism. Upon release from the hospital, a timid Alice enters a rehabilitation clinic.Michael finds himself now the main caregiver of their home and children, a role he struggles to maintain along with his career as an airline pilot, as well as fighting with Amy and driving her out of the house. Meanwhile, at the clinic, Alice is flourishing; her recovery is painful, but stabilizing, and she is well-liked and respected by both staff and fellow clinic tenants alike. During a family visit day at the clinic, Alice immediately begins to rebuild her shattered bond with the children, leaving Michael alone to wander the grounds uncomfortable and out of place in Alice's new lifestyle.Alice returns home sober yet guarded – she is vocal, strong, and changed. Michael is having trouble adjusting to Alice's post-treatment aloofness, distant and cold behavior towards him. He has become used to being the stable and responsible one in their relationship and appropriately feels neglected by Alice's newly established and highly prioritized outside friendships. She resents the fact that Michael seems to be out of touch with her ability to cope at home, yet whenever he expresses his love and concern, she shuts him out. Coming to terms with their estrangement, a reluctant Michael agrees to Alice's suggestion that the two see a marriage counselor, who considers Michael's behavior as "codependent."During an argument, Alice confesses that Michael's clearly genuine desire to be a supportive husband "makes her skin crawl." Michael moves out, and Alice stays in their home with the children. Michael is unable to process the change his relationship has undergone and seeks out a support group for spouses of alcoholics. Initially shy, Michael becomes a more vocal member of the group and shares his sorrow over his lack of understanding for the gravity his wife's sobriety would have on him, his children, and his marriage.Alice and Michael singularly return to the hospital to celebrate the birth of Amy's baby. They spend time together and as they depart, Alice asks Michael if he would attend her 180-day sober speech where she will acknowledge her failings and accomplishments. She also tells him that she has been thinking about asking him to come home with her. Michael tells Alice he has been offered a job in Denver. For the first time since they both agreed Alice should enter rehab, they both agree Michael should take the position.Alice later stands on a stage and tells her sobriety story; the toll it took on her, her children, and her marriage. Her audience is moved to tears. Her speech ends and she is surrounded by well-wishers. Out of the crowd appears Michael. At ease with himself and Alice, he explains what he missed along the way..."to listen, to really listen." They share an intense, longing, passionate kiss.
1222	Judgment Night (1993)	Action	Frank Wyatt, his younger brother John and their friends, Mike Peterson and Ray Cochran meet up in their suburban neighborhood to take a road trip in Ray's luxurious RV to watch a professional boxing match in Chicago for the night.With the freeway gridlocked, Ray exits the expressway and cuts through an extremely run-down and destitute residential neighborhood. The four friends are alarmed when they accidentally hit a man named Teddy.A long argument ensues regarding contacting the police, which Ray, who had been driving the RV when it hit Teddy, does not want to happen due to the fact the friends had been drinking during their journey. Frank makes the decision to exit the RV to help the victim.Inspecting Teddy, they find that he has been shot and has a paper bag filled with money. The injured young man is brought into the RV so the friends can get him to a hospital.The RV is sideswiped by a car, leaving it lodged in a narrow alleyway. Three dangerous men — Sykes, Rhodes and Travis — force their way into the window at the back of the RV and drag Teddy outside. Fallon, a local crime lord, arrives and executes Teddy for stealing the money, the execution witnessed by Frank and his brother and friends. Fallon then sets his sights to kill the four witnesses.The friends are chased by Fallon's men into a rail yard. They hide in an old streetcar in which several homeless people are sheltering. They blackmail the four men into handing over their valuables but are heard by the pursuing gang members. The four friends and homeless people from multiple train cars flee. Fallon shoots and kills one of the homeless people, mistaking them for his quarry.Taking refuge in an apartment building, the four friends convince a resident to call the police but Fallon and his men arrive at the complex, going door to door terrorizing the occupants to hand over the four friends if they were inside.The resident demands the four friends to leave immediately as their presence in her home is putting her and her baby as well as her roommates lives in grave danger. The roommate takes some pity and tells the four friends that there is an escape route to another building via the roof.The friends use a ladder to cross over an alley onto the other rooftop but are pursued by Fallon and his men. Ray stays behind and tries to bribe the drug gang into letting them go. Fallon, disgusted by Ray's tactics and privileged upbringing, throws Ray from the roof, killing him.The trio are chased into the sewers by Fallon and his henchmen. Mike shoots and kills Sykes, allowing them to escape. Discovering Sykes' body, a comment made by Travis annoys Fallon and he drowns Travis in a fit of rage.The trio then break into a swap meet, hoping to summon the police by setting off the building's alarm and are arrested by two security guards. Fallon and Rhodes arrive and kill the guards as the trio hide in the store. Rhodes and Mike engage in a shootout that kills Rhodes but leaves Mike wounded. John retrieves Mike, but Fallon shoots John in the leg. The three friends make their way to a bathroom where Frank tends to their wounds. Frank leaves to try to get help but spots Fallon, who is about to discover John and Mike.Frank shouts out, causing Fallon to search for him. A fight ensues where Frank ultimately overpowers Fallon and throws him off a ledge to his death.Police and paramedics arrive, taking Mike and John to a hospital where they are expected to survive their wounds. Frank then exits the building to his waiting wife.
1223	King of the Hill (1993)	Drama	Based on the Depression-era bildungsroman memoir of writer A. E. Hotchner, the film follows the story of a boy struggling to survive on his own in a hotel in St. Louis after his mother enters a sanatorium with tuberculosis and his younger brother is sent to live with an uncle. His father, a German immigrant and traveling salesman working for the Hamilton Watch Company, is off on long trips from which the boy cannot be certain he will return.
1224	Scout, The (1994)	Drama	After the New York Yankees' latest prospect Tommy Lacy suffers a humiliating bout of stage fright in his debut for the team, scout Al Percolo, who discovered Tommy, is punished by being sent to the Mexican countryside to look for his next find.Al's efforts are fruitless until he encounters Steve Nebraska, a young American with a consistent 100+ MPH fastball and a perfect batting average. The childlike Steve immediately agrees to join the Yankees when Al asks him, but when Al calls the team's general manager Ron Wilson to report his find, he is fired and told not to return. Al defies the order and brings Steve back to the States anyway. The first indication that all may not be right with Steve occurs when he panics at Newark International Airport when he and Al are momentarily separated. Later, at Al's apartment, Steve thrashes in his sleep, screaming at an unseen assailant.Al arranges an open audition at Yankee Stadium in front of representatives from every Major League Baseball team. After Steve strikes out Keith Hernandez and homers off Bret Saberhagen, a bidding war breaks out. The Yankees win the bid war, signing Steve to a $55 million contract, but after Steve violently snaps at press photographers, team management demands that he be psychiatrically evaluated and cleared before he plays his first game.Al picks the first listed psychiatrist in the phone book, a Doctor H. Aaron, and hopes that the evaluation will be swift, so that he and Steve can get on with life.  After examining Steve, however, Dr. Aaron finds him to be deeply troubled and so severely abused as a child that he has blocked almost every memory of his early life. Desperate for Steve to play so that both can get paid, Al begs Dr. Aaron to clear Steve for play, on the condition that he sees Steve everyday before making his MLB debut.Life with Steve proves difficult for Al; Steve throws plates at reporters outside the apartment, upstages Tony Bennett at his own show, and argues with Al over what he does with his free time. At a press conference, Al lies about Steve's past. Dr. Aaron is livid when she finds out, but Al points out that Steve's behavior stems from her helping him acknowledge and deal with his past. Al pleads with Dr. Aaron to continue the good work she is doing for Steve. When the Yankees reach the World Series, however, Steve is suddenly depressed. Worse yet, he is contractually obligated to pitch in Game 1.A sold-out Yankee Stadium waits for Steve's debut in Game 1 of the World Series. When Steve is spotted on the roof of the stadium, Al sends for a helicopter to fetch him, then climbs up to plead with him to come down. Steve adamantly refuses, and Al, risking his own career, tells Steve that he can walk away from it all, no strings attached. Touched by Al's selflessness, Steve relents. His spirits greatly lifted, he boards the copter to make his grand entrance.Steve pitches a perfect game, striking out 27 St. Louis Cardinals batters on 81 consecutive strikes, and hits two solo home runs in a 2-0 Yankees victory. As Steve acknowledges Al as the Yankees celebrate his efforts, Al smiles proudly.
1225	Angus (1995)	Comedy	Angus Bethune is a 14-year-old boy in Minnesota who, despite his talents in football and science, holds deep insecurities. Since kindergarten, he has been harassed by handsome, cruel Rick Sanford and his cohorts for not being "normal". His only friend is Troy Wedberg, another social outcast. Angus has feelings for Melissa Lefevre, a cheerleader who is dating Rick. Tired of Rick's abuse, Angus applies to a magnet school where he hopes to be free of the bullying. Well aware of Angus' feelings for Melissa, Rick rigs a school election so that Angus and Melissa will dance together in the upcoming Freshman Winter Ball as King and Queen, respectively. After the stunt, the principal forbids Angus to lay a hand on Rick, or he would be expelled and lose his chance to go to the magnet school.To prepare for the dance, Angus gets help from Troy, his mother Meg, and his narcoleptic grandfather Ivan. Angus takes dancing lessons with Madame Rulenska, but the lessons go badly. Despite Angus' request for a black tuxedo, Ivan purchases a plum suit and tells him he can be normal and an individual at the same time. Ivan reasons that running away to another school will not solve anything and that he needs to stand up to Rick.One day after school, Rick and his friends kidnap Troy and ask him for anything that would embarrass Angus at the Winter Ball. Troy refuses to help them, but ends up breaking his arm as he tries to get away. Meanwhile, Angus helps Ivan prepare for his wedding to his fiancée April. As Angus waits outside Ivan's room on the day of the wedding, he confides to him about how he wishes he could stand up to Rick and tell Melissa how he feels. When Angus tries to wake Ivan, he quickly discovers that Ivan has died and tells the wedding guests. Distraught, Angus opts to stay home for a few days trying to cope with Ivan's death.Out of fear, Troy gives Rick a videotape containing footage of Angus practicing his dancing with an inflatable doll while confessing his feelings for Melissa. When Troy visits Angus to offer his condolences, an argument ensues. Angus asserts he won't go to the Winter Ball because he doesn't want to be humiliated by Rick again and needs to cope with his grandfather's death.Later that week, Angus receives a box from April containing the plum suit that he had earlier rejected. In that moment, Angus realizes Ivan was right all along: he needs to stand up for himself and face Rick, or nothing will change. He rejects an interview from the magnet school and marches to the dance in the school gymnasium wearing the plum suit. Troy tries to warn him that Rick is planning a terrible prank, but Angus refuses to back down and goes inside, meeting with Melissa for the first time. Before they can dance as King and Queen, Rick plays Troy's videotape on the monitors, prompting laughter from students. A humiliated Melissa runs out in tears. Angus follows her, infuriated at Troy for his betrayal.Angus apologizes to Melissa, who reveals her disgust with Rick and confesses to Angus that she is bulimic. Angus learns that Melissa likes him more than Rick because he is kind and respectful of others. Finding common ground, they go back inside and dance, with Melissa helping him out with some of the steps. When Rick scolds Melissa, Angus comes to her defense. Rick punches Angus, breaking his nose and sending him crashing through a table. Angus defiantly rises to his feet and repeatedly pushes Rick until he falls to the ground, saying no matter how many times Rick knocks him down, he will always get back up. When Angus gives Rick a choice to accept others who are different from him, Rick selfishly replies, "Whatever I am, it's something you're never gonna be," to which Angus retorts, "Thank God!" The students applaud Angus and even Rick's friends abandon him. Melissa dances with Angus again and Troy enacts revenge on Rick by breaking his nose with his cast.Melissa asks Angus to walk her home, and she kisses him on the cheek. Angus rejects an offer to transfer to the magnet school, realizing that his grandfather was right and that he doesn't have to run away anymore. Angus mentions Rick was suspended for his video prank and for breaking Troy's arm. He also mentions that Rick's popularity with the other students suffered since Angus stood up to him and thus, they have no reason to fear him anymore.
1226	Night Falls on Manhattan (1997)	Crime, Drama	NYPD detectives Liam Casey and Joey Allegretto are conducting surveillance against Jordan Washington, a notorious drug dealer. On a tip from an informant, they venture into an apartment block where Washington is reported to be hiding. After Casey shoots the lock, Washington fires a submachine gun through his front door, seriously wounding Casey. Police backup units arrive and swarm the building, but Washington executes a cunning escape in a squad car after killing two cops. In a surprising move, District Attorney Morganstern appoints Casey's son Sean, an ex-cop and recently appointed ADA, to prosecute Washington when he is caught. In the process, he passes over the more experienced ADA Elihu Harrison, who plans to oppose him in an upcoming election.At Washington's trial, his attorney Sam Vigoda does not dispute his client's responsibility for killing the cops but argues that the police were intending to murder Washington. Washington claims that he had been bribing a group of corrupt cops, led by Kurt Kleinhoff, in return for protection while dealing drugs; Vigoda argues that Washington became a target when he refused to match an offer by a rival dealer, Carlos Alvarez, to give the cops more money. Although inexperienced, Sean mounts a strong argument questioning Washington's credibility and wins the case. Washington is sentenced to consecutive life terms without parole. A member of Vigoda's legal team, Peggy Lindstrom, begins an affair with Sean after the trial. In private, Vigoda discloses to Sean why he undertook Washington's defense: after his 15-year-old daughter died from a drug overdose, Vigoda has been determined to bring down the system of corrupt police enabling drug dealers.After Morganstern suffers a heart attack and is unable to run for re-election, Sean is asked to run in his place; he wins the election over Harrison. Meanwhile, when Kleinhoff's decomposed body is discovered in the river, his address book reveals the names of several officers from precincts which responded to the Washington shooting. A number of officers confess their entanglement in the bribery and narcotics scandal. Sean confronts Allegretto, who admits that he took bribes while also colluding to murder Washington with fellow corrupted officers; he later commits suicide. Casey later discloses to Sean that he forged a judge's signature on Washington's arrest warrant–the original had expired on the day of the raid. Sean asks Morganstern, who is recovering at the hospital, for advice on how to deal with the scandal. Morganstern tells Sean that being DA will be a tough job, but he believes Sean "will be better at it than most."Following a voluntary admission of guilt by Casey about the forgery in a private consultation with Judge Dominick Impelliteri, the judge decides to fill out a new warrant, backdated to the day of the raid, which purposely obviates the technicality. He also suggests to Sean that he destroy the forged warrant. Sean tells Vigoda that he plans to resign, but Vigoda urges him not to quit. Vigoda admits that his motives were to expose police corruption only and that Washington should remain in jail regardless of the fake warrant's origins. The film ends with Casey giving the introductory lecture for a new class of ADAs, urging them to approach their job with diligence and integrity.
1227	Awfully Big Adventure, An (1995)	Drama	In the film's prologue, a hotelier ushers someone into a bomb shelter during the Liverpool Blitz.  We see a brief flashback to a woman leaving her baby in a basement surrounded by flickering candles. Before departing from the house, she quickly drops a string of pearls on her child's pillow, twined around a single rose.Some time later, Stella Bradshaw lives in a working class household with her Uncle Vernon and Aunt Lily in Liverpool. Lacking a person in her life to whom she feels close, she frequently goes into phone booths to "speak with her mother", who never appears in the film. Her uncle, who sees a theatrical career as being her only alternative to working behind the counter at Woolworth's, signs her up for speech lessons and pulls strings to get her involved at a local repertory theatre. After an unsuccessful audition, Stella gets a job gofering for Meredith Potter, the troupe's sleazy, eccentric director, and Bunny, his faithful stage manager.The impressionable Stella develops a crush on the worldly, self-absorbed Meredith, whose homosexuality completely eludes her. Amused, he gives her the small role of Ptolemy the boy-king in Caesar and Cleopatra but ignores her otherwise.  Meredith reveals himself to be an amoral, apathetic man who treats Stella and everyone else around him with scorn and condescension.  He reserves his greatest cruelty for Dawn Allenby, a desperate actress whom he callously dismisses from the company, who later attempts suicide.Meredith also has a long history of preying upon young men. Stella is quickly caught up in the backstage intrigue and also becomes an object of sexual advances from boys in and around the theatre company, including P. L. O'Hara, a brilliant actor who has returned to the troupe in a stint playing Captain Hook for its Christmas production of Peter Pan. In keeping with theatrical tradition, O'Hara also doubles as Mr. Darling.O'Hara carries himself with grace and charisma, but privately is as troubled and disillusioned as the other members of the cast. Haunted by his wartime experiences and a lost love who he believes bore him a son, O'Hara embarks on an affair with Stella, to whom he feels an inexplicably deep emotional connection. Stella, who is still determined to win over Meredith, remains emotionally detached, but takes advantage of O'Hara's affections, seeing an opportunity to gain sexual experience.The last straw for Stella is during a cast outing when Geoffrey, a fellow stagehand whom Potter has been sexually toying with, bursts out and hits him in the nose. The cast rushes to comfort Geoffrey, but Stella exclaims that he ought to be sacked. O'Hara explains to her that Meredith has spent his life harming people like Geoffrey and causing pain to people like Bunny who really love him: "believe it or not, it doesn't much matter him or her to Meredith.  What he wants is hearts."Concerned, O'Hara visits her aunt and uncle, who disclose Stella's history. He finds out that Stella's long-missing mother was his lost love, whom he then knew by the nickname Stella Maris, making Stella ⁠— whom he's been sleeping with, his child, a daughter rather than the son he had imagined. Keeping his discovery to himself, O'Hara gets on his motorcycle and drives back out to the seaport. Distracted by his new findings, he slips on a wet gangplank, hits his head, and is pitched into the water. Before he drowns, he sees the girl from earlier flashbacks, clutching her infant. Stella is later seen hastening to the phone booth to confide her woes over the phone. The absent Stella Maris had years ago won a nationwide contest to be the voice of the speaking clock.  It is her recorded voice that provides the only response to her daughter's confidences.
1228	Under Siege 2: Dark Territory (1995)	Action	Following his retirement from the United States Navy, Casey Ryback settles in Denver, where he runs a restaurant. When he receives news of the death of his estranged brother, James Ryback, in a plane crash, Casey meets James's daughter, Sarah, whom he will accompany to Los Angeles to attend his funeral. The two board the Grand Continental, a train traveling through the Rocky Mountains from Denver to Los Angeles. On board, they befriend a steward/porter named Bobby Zachs and the train's chefs.As the train reaches the Rocky Mountains, a group of terrorists flag it down and murder the engineer and brakeman. The group, led by former U.S. government employee and computer genius Travis Dane and Marcus Penn, cut the train phone lines and take the passengers and staff hostage, herding them into the last two cars. Casey kills one terrorist, then slips away. For underground targets, Dane worked on Grazer One, a top-secret military satellite tectonic weapon. The military fired Dane, who later faked his suicide.Dane threatens two former Department of Defense colleagues with burning soldering irons in their eyes unless they reveal codes to take over Grazer. Despite their disclosures, they are thrown from the train over a deep valley after the codes are confirmed to work.Middle Eastern terrorists have offered Dane $1 billion to destroy the Eastern seaboard by using Grazer to target a nuclear reactor located under the Pentagon. Dane demonstrates Grazer to investors by destroying a Chinese biological weapons facility that was passing itself off as a fertilizer production plant. After one investor offers an additional $100 million, despite the weapon's primary intention for subterranean targets, Dane destroys an airliner carrying the investor's ex-wife.The U.S. government has difficulty locating Dane or Grazer. When officials destroy what they think is Grazer, Dane explains the NSA's best intelligence satellite was destroyed. His location cannot be determined as long as the train keeps moving.With Zachs' help, Casey takes matters into his own hands. He faxes a message to his restaurant, which relays it to Admiral Bates. Bates quickly understands that Dane and the terrorists are on the train and reluctantly approves a mission by two F-117 stealth aircraft to destroy the train.Zachs discovers they are on the wrong tracks and on a collision course with a Southern Pacific bulk freight train carrying gasoline tank cars. Casey kills the mercenaries one by one and releases the hostages, but Dane uses his computer skills to find the F-117s and then re-target Grazer to knock them out before they complete their mission. Aware of Casey's past, Penn uses Sarah as bait to lure him to a fight, but Casey gains the upper hand and fatally breaks his neck.Ryback finds Dane about to depart in a helicopter hovering over the train. When Dane informs Casey that there is no way to stop the satellite from destroying Washington, Casey shoots him. The bullet destroys his computer and injures Dane, who falls out of the window of the train. Control of the satellite is restored at the Pentagon and destroyed by remote control 1 second before it would have fired on the Pentagon, just before the two trains collide.The crash happens on a trestle, resulting in an explosion that destroys the bridge and kills Scotty, the mercenary driving the train. Ryback races through the exploding train, exits the carriage, and grabs a rope ladder hanging from the helicopter. Dane, who survived the gunshot and the crash, also catches onto the ladder. He hangs onto the helicopter but falls to his death after Casey shuts the door, severing Dane's fingers.Casey informs the Pentagon that the passengers are safe, having previously detached the last two cars from the rest of the train. Later on in Los Angeles, Sarah and Casey pay their final respects at James' gravestone.
1229	Poison Ivy II (1995)	Drama, Thriller	Lily is a sheltered art student from Michigan attending college in California. She finds an apartment and soon notices that her roommates, Tanya (a friendly lesbian artist who becomes a good friend to Lily), Bridgette (a cruel and taunting artist who initially takes an immediate dislike to her), and Robert (the silent but talented musician), aren't quite normal. One day, Lily discovers a box of items belonging to a girl named Ivy. In the box, she finds nude pictures of the girl and her diary. She is immediately drawn to the content, desiring to have the girl's sexual confidence and fearlessness. In class, she has trouble expressing herself, unlike Gredin, an attractive co-student and sculptor whom she soon starts dating. Meanwhile, she has found a job babysitting Daphna, the daughter of her art teacher Donald Falk, a man who has betrayed his wife multiple times by having sex with his female students.Slowly, Lily becomes obsessed with Ivy's letters and photos, attempting to take over her image. She cuts her hair and starts wearing more revealing clothes. Gredin grows even more attracted to her, and they begin a sexual  relationship. He is unamused by the amount of private time that she spends with Donald, but she explains that it's because of the babysitting. Lily inspires Donald to perform art again, having noticed that he's been afraid to express himself. She agrees to pose nude for him. He falls in love with her, which affects his marriage to Angela. One day, Lily thinks she catches Gredin and Bridgette together. Feeling upset, she pierces her belly button and starts to rebel, thereby estranging herself from her friends. At a Halloween party, she enjoys the attention that she is getting from men, and she amuses herself; until she sees Gredin intimately dancing with another girl. Trying to make him jealous, she kisses a masked guy, who turns out to be Robert. She eventually has sex with Gredin, but he dumps her the next day after realizing how much she has changed.Meanwhile, Angela has found Donald's drawing of Lily and thinks that he is having an affair with her. Donald, already depressed since he saw Lily kissing Gredin, takes it out on Lily. He admits that he is in love with her and tries to kiss her. She is initially unamused by his attempts, but they eventually engage in sexual activity. They are quickly interrupted though and Lily leaves. She soon reunites with Gredin. Not much later, Donald’s invites Lily to have Thanksgiving dinner with his family. She brings Gredin with her, which upsets Donald. After being asked to help put Daphna to bed, Lily ends up alone with Donald and he forces himself on her. She’s unable to stop him and they are soon caught by Daphna. Devastated, Daphna runs out of the home and into the street, where she is hit by a car. Lily, traumatized by what happened that night, returns home and destroys everything that has to do with Ivy.Gredin arrives to reveal that Daphna has survived, but a now psychotic Donald knocks him out before he enters Lily's room. Donald tries to attack Lily, but Gredin reawakens and begins fighting with him. Donald eventually beats him down and Lily runs upstairs. As Donald chases after her, he runs into Robert, who informs him that the police are on their way. Donald throws him down the stairs and follows Lily up to the roof. After a brief scuffle, Donald slips off the edge of the roof and tries to take Lily with him. But Gredin is able to pull Lily out of his grasp and Donald falls to his death. In the aftermath of the events, Lily contemplates dropping out of school and moving back to Michigan. However, after she and Gredin admit their love for each other, Lily decides to stay in California.
1230	Ready to Wear (Pret-A-Porter) (1994)	Comedy	Models, designers, industry hot shots and journalists gather for Paris Fashion Week, to work, bicker and try to seduce each other. Early on, Fashion Council head Olivier de la Fontaine chokes to death on a sandwich, leaving behind a wife, a mistress and a mysterious Russian companion who has fled the scene.As the death is being investigated, Fashion Week continues. Injecting herself between the designers, American television personality Kitty gets sound bites from the high-fashion types throughout the length of the show.Meanwhile, Anne and Joe are two American journalists, thrown together into the same over-booked room. They are meant to cover the show for their respective papers, but skip out on most of the festivities to have a hotel-room tryst during the week.Three rival magazine editors from Harper's Bazaar, British Vogue and Elle vie for the exclusive services of Milo O'Brannigan, a trendy photographer who sexually humiliates the three; leading them to vow vengeance against him.Sergei, a fading icon (and the mysterious Russian with Olivier when he died) and Isabella (Olivier's widow) hope to rekindle a romance from decades ago, but as they attempt to be intimate, Sergei falls asleep.In the end, Fontaine's former mistress Simone sends her models down the catwalk nude in protest of her son Jack's (who incidentally had been cheating on his model girlfriend with another model) sale of her brand. Kitty quits on the spot, as the nudity confuses her. The final scene is of Olivier de la Fontaine's funeral procession, after the police declared him dead from choking on a sandwich.
1231	Marked for Death (1990)	Action, Drama	DEA Agents John Hatcher and his partner Chico pursue drug dealer Hector on foot. Later, at a drug deal, Hector is revealed to have blown John's cover. John and Chico manage to fight their way out of the ambush caused by Hector. During their escape, Chico is shot and mortally wounded by a woman pretending to be unarmed. In response, Hatcher immediately shoots several rounds through the wall, hitting and killing the woman. Hatcher kicks in the door to her room and then realizes Chico's assailant was a woman and he has killed her. As they flee, Chico dies of his injuries. John retires from the DEA and returns home to Chicago. He reunited with his former US Army colleague and friend Max Keller, now a football coach for the local school, who is disturbed at the presence of Jamaican drug dealers, known as Posse. Later at a bar, a gunfight breaks out between the same dealers and local gangsters. John manages to assist in arresting one of the Jamaicans and a responding FBI agent asks him to join the case; he refuses. At the scene, a detective finds a symbol which an expert named Leslie Davalos reveals to be a religious icon to mark the crimes of a man called Screwface.Screwface sends some men to do a drive-by at John's sister's house (where he is staying); they wound his niece Tracey. John interrogates a gangster he saw in the club shootout called Jimmy Fingers, but he refuses to help and John is forced to kill him. One of Screwface's men, Nesta, who is Jimmy's accomplice, arrives and only gives a small clue on Screwface before defenestrating. Upon returning to his sister's house, John finds the same symbol on a rug along with a cow tongue and black cross nailed to the door; Leslie informs him that such symbols mark the person for death. John demands that the FBI provide protection for his family.During a call with his sister, she is attacked again by Screwface's men in an attempt to ritually sacrifice her; John rushes and arrives in time as Screwface flees. Having realized Screwface's ruthlessness, John enlists Max's help to take him and the Posse, trailing some members of his gang in a park and engage in a chase ending in a high-end store. John and Max kill several of them but do not learn anything about Screwface. However, Screwface manages to ambush John that night, trapping his car between two construction vehicles and burning it with a molotov cocktail, but John escapes.Charles Marks, a Jamaican detective working with the FBI on Screwface's crimes, reaches out to John and Max and offers his help. Together they acquire new weapons and go to Jamaica, where Screwface is thought to have fled. With the help of local who introduces a woman associated with Screwface, the team gets their break when John takes information from the woman, who also gives a cryptic clue: Screwface has two heads and four eyes. The trio descend on Screwface's complex during a party one evening. John uses an explosive device to distract the guards and cut the power; Max and Charles open fire on the ambushing Posse gang while John infiltrates the house. He is captured and prepared for a ritual sacrifice by Screwface but escapes his bonds and manages to behead Screwface in a swordfight.They return to Chicago and present Screwface's head and sword to the remaining loyal gang members in order to intimidate them into disbanding. However, Screwface's twin brother surprisingly appears behind Charles and impales him. The posse, believing Screwface has been resurrected, open fire at the trio. Despite his injury, Max provides cover against the remaining gang members while John eliminates more Posse members before facing Screwface's twin, who admits responsibility for all the Posse crimes in the United States. After a lengthy fight, John manages to blind the twin before breaking his back and throwing him down an elevator shaft, where he is impaled upon landing. As the surviving gang members discover the twin's body before their eventual arrest, John and Max leave the crime scene with Charles' body in tow.
1232	Madonna: Truth or Dare (1991)	Documentary	The film begins on August 6, 1990, the day after the final show of the Blond Ambition World Tour in Nice, France. Madonna reminisces in her hotel room about the tour and how its completion would affect her. In a flashback to April 1990, the tour is about to kick off in Japan. Madonna did not realize that it was rainy season. Because of this, she and the dancers switch their tour costumes for warmer attire. In a voice-over, Madonna confesses that the only thing keeping her from "slashing my wrists" is the thought of returning to North America and performing the show as it is meant to be. In the United States, she meets the families of her dancers. Oliver Crumes, one of the dancers, sees his father for the first time in several years. In Los Angeles, sound problems arise; despite reassurances, Madonna focuses on the technical problems and yells at her manager Freddy DeMann for allowing so many people from the music industry in the front rows. After the show, she meets with several celebrities; Kevin Costner offends her by calling the show "neat" and she pretends to gag after he leaves. On the final Toronto show, the crew receives a visit from the local police who threaten to arrest Madonna for "lewd and indecent display", specifically the masturbation scene during the performance of "Like a Virgin"; she refuses to change the show. DeMann believes the threat of arrest will only make Madonna go further. According to a news report, Toronto police decide not to arrest her, claiming that no threats were made. The next stop is Madonna's hometown of Detroit. In a voice-over, she expresses the difficulty she has going back home. At the end of "Holiday", Madonna calls her father Tony on stage and sings "Happy Birthday to You". Backstage, Tony and his wife Joan compliment the show, though Tony expresses his displeasure at some of the more "burlesque" aspects. Madonna and Christopher wait for their older brother Martin to show up while they discuss his substance abuse problems. Later, she reunites with her "childhood idol" Moira McPharlin-Messana, who gives her a painting she made entitled "Madonna and Child", and asks her to be godmother to her unborn child. Before leaving Detroit, Madonna visits her mother's grave for the first time since she was a child, as "Promise to Try" plays in the background. She lies down beside the grave as Christopher watches from afar. As the tour continues, Madonna's throat problems worsen while Warren Beatty becomes more fed up with the cameras. During a throat examination in Madonna's hotel room, Beatty chastises her for the documentary, telling her the atmosphere is driving everyone insane. Madonna ignores him, and when she declines to have the rest of her examination done off camera, he starts laughing, saying, "She doesn't want to live off-camera, much less talk... What point is there of existing off-camera?". Due to her throat problems, she cancels some of her shows. In New York City, her doctor instructs her not to talk and she finds herself isolated in her apartment with only her assistant Melissa Crowe. Madonna is upset at losing contact with the dancers. The third and final leg of the tour kicks off in Europe with everyone in better spirits. As the tour nears Italy, Pope John Paul II attempts to have it banned, forcing Madonna to cancel one of two shows in Rome. Sandra Bernhard appears to cheer up Madonna. Madonna tells Sandra that she's interested in meeting Antonio Banderas. When Pedro Almodóvar throws a party in Madrid, Madonna spends a week thinking up ways to seduce Banderas, but it turns out that he is married. While Madonna works in her hotel room, voice-overs from her family, friends, and co-workers describe the star. Though she is happier now than she was on her last tour, Sandra does not think that she takes enough time to enjoy her successes. Others describe her in unflattering terms. As the tour winds down, the group plays a game of truth or dare? and Madonna is dared to perform fellatio on a glass bottle. She's then asked who has been the "love of your life for your whole life?", to which she replies without hesitation, "Sean. Sean". She then invites her dancers and backup singers, one by one, to join her in bed, where she imparts "words of wisdom" to each. While the show's closing act, "Keep It Together", plays, a montage of Madonna saying good-bye to her dancers is shown. The film ends with a clip of Madonna telling director Alek Keshishian to go away and, "Cut it, Alek! Cut it, Goddamnit!"
1233	Nénette et Boni (1996)	Drama	After the death of his mother, Boni moves his friends into her house and begins work selling pizzas. He entertains violent sexual fantasies about a baker who lives nearby. He is visited by his younger sister Nénette, whom he is estranged from, who reveals that she is pregnant and moves into his home against his wishes.Reluctantly, Boni begins to take his sister to doctor's appointments where they learn it is too late for her to have an abortion. As Boni gradually warms to the idea of being an uncle, Nénette looks into having a Jane Doe birth which will allow her to give birth anonymously and have the child adopted immediately. However, after Boni insults her for considering the option she attempts to abort the child at home, passing out before being rescued by Boni.At the hospital Nénette bans Boni from the birth of her child, but he returns later, armed with a gun, and kidnaps his nephew, bringing him home to take care of him.
1234	Chairman of the Board (1998)	Comedy	Edison (Carrot Top) is a poor, failed inventor and surf bum who has spent his rent money on another unsuccessful invention. After failing to make money at a variety of jobs, Edison soon runs into a wealthy business magnate Armand McMillan (Jack Warden), whose car has broken down on the side of the road. After Edison uses his inventions to assist Armand, the old man becomes impressed with his ingenuity, and the two go surfing together and quickly become friends. When Armand passes away shortly thereafter, he leaves Edison 45% of the shares in his large invention corporation, and leaves Bradford (Larry Miller), his jealous nephew and only living relative, a surfboard as his only inheritance. Bradford attempts to derail Edison's success by stealing his formula for glow in the dark, which does not exist in the world of the film. Bradford shares it with a consumer who covers himself in it and alleges that Edison's prize invention—a portable TV/TV dinner combo—leaks radiation. When Edison reveals that radiation causes sickness and death, but not a literal glowing, the company is saved, Bradford is arrested, and Grace Kosik (Raquel Welch) makes a deal with the company to testify against Bradford. In the end, Edison appoints his girlfriend Natalie Stockwell (Courtney Thorne-Smith) to run the company.
1235	Big Bang Theory, The (1994)	Crime	The history of the Big Bang theory began with the Big Bang's development from observations and theoretical considerations. Much of the theoretical work in cosmology now involves extensions and refinements to the basic Big Bang model. The theory itself was originally formalised by Father Georges Lemaître in 1927. Hubble's law of the expansion of the universe provided foundational support for the theory.
1236	Other Voices, Other Rooms (1997)	Drama	After his mother's death, 13-year-old Joel Harrison Knox, a lonely, effeminate boy, is sent from New Orleans to live with his father, who abandoned him at birth. Arriving at Skully's Landing, a vast, decaying mansion on an isolated plantation in Mississippi, Joel meets his sullen stepmother Amy; her cousin Randolph, a gay man and dandy; the defiant tomboy Idabel, a girl who becomes his friend; and Jesus and Zoo, the two black caretakers of the home. He also sees a spectral "queer lady" with "fat dribbling curls" watching him from a top window.Despite Joel's queries, the whereabouts of his father remains a mystery. When he finally is allowed to see his father, Joel is stunned to find he is a mute quadriplegic, having tumbled down a flight of stairs after being accidentally shot by Randolph and nearly dying. Joel runs away with Idabel to a carnival and meets a woman with dwarfism; on a Ferris wheel, Joel rebuffs her when she attempts to touch Joel in a sexual manner. Looking for Idabel in a storm, Joel catches pneumonia and eventually returns to the Landing, where he is nursed back to health by Randolph. The implication in the final paragraph is that the "queer lady" beckoning from the window had actually been Randolph, dressed in an old Mardi Gras costume.
1237	Twisted (1996)	Comedy, Drama	William Hickey stars as Andre, a lecherous brothel owner who trades in young men. Exploiting his young charges through paternalism and drugs, Andre sets his sights on Lee (Keivyn McNeil Graves), a ten-year-old, black, runaway orphan. Through Andre, Lee quickly becomes immersed in New York's sleazy underbelly of a drug dealer (Anthony Crivello stars as "Eddie") and street hustlers. The boy's only hope for survival is the aspiring songwriter Angel (David Norona), himself a former hustler. Angel befriends Lee and rescues him from the wiles of Andre's cohort Fine Art (Jean Loup Wolfman), who attempts to profit on Lee's young age. Eventually, Andre's petty empire is vanquished by Shiniqua (Billy Porter), a powerfully wise and glamorous drag queen whose fiercely maternal spirit is every bit the match for the depraved denizens of the brothel.
1238	Full Speed (1996)	Drama	Full Speed is a 1925 American silent Western film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Jay Wilsey whose alias was Buffalo Bill Jr. The film is preserved in the Library of Congress collection.
1239	Cutthroat Island (1995)	Action, Adventure, Romance	In 1668 Jamaica, having escaped a trap set by authorities, Morgan Adams hunts down her paternal uncle and fellow pirate Dawg Brown after he kidnaps her father, Black Harry. Harry has one of three pieces of a map to a huge stash of gold on the remote Cutthroat Island. Dawg has another piece, having stolen it after betraying and murdering their younger brother Richard, while a fourth brother, Mordechai, has the last piece. Refusing to give his piece to Dawg, Harry escapes with his daughter's help. Harry is fatally wounded and tells Morgan the map piece is located on his scalp before he dies.After scalping her father for the piece, Morgan, now captain of her father's ship, the Morning Star, sets out to find the treasure. Unable to translate the map, they go to nearby Port Royal for a translator. There, they learn that a criminal being sold into slavery, a con man and thief named William Shaw, is fluent in Latin. After threatening a man determined to outbid her, Morgan wins the auction. When she is recognized from her wanted poster and barely escapes with her crew and Shaw, corrupt Governor Ainslee vows to find her after learning of the treasure's existence. He enlists the help of John Reed, an infamous chronicler of pirates and crew member of the Morning Star.The crew finds Mordechai in Spittlefield Harbor. Before they can learn where the second piece is, Dawg and his crew raid the harbor. A fight ensues, during which Mordechai is killed and Morgan is shot, while Shaw secretly finds the piece and keeps it to himself. After they escape on the Morning Star, Morgan collapses from her wound, but Shaw uses his limited medical knowledge to save her. The two start a romance. Morgan figures out that the words on the two map pieces, when read backwards, spell out half the coordinates to the island.Dawg pursues the Morning Star in his own ship, the Reaper. Morgan directs hers toward a coral reef and a gale to shake her pursuers off. Shaw manages to piece together the location of Cutthroat Island with his and Morgan's piece but is caught and thrown in the brig. During the storm, Reed secretly sends a carrier pigeon revealing their location to Ainslee. Meanwhile, most of the crew, led by the treacherous boatswain Scully, mutinies and maroons Morgan and those loyal to her in a boat. The tide takes them straight to Cutthroat Island.As Morgan goes after the treasure, Shaw steals the last map piece from Dawg. Shaw falls into quicksand and Morgan, realizing he has the piece, frees him. Together they find the treasure, only for it to be stolen by Dawg, forcing them to jump off a cliff into the tide. After regaining consciousness, Shaw finds Reed, who leads him into a trap set by Dawg, Ainslee, and Scully, who have joined forces and intend to split the treasure. As Shaw is captured and they make their way out to sea with the gold, Morgan sneaks aboard the Morning Star and retakes it from Scully and the mutineers.The crew then tries to sneak attack the Reaper, but Dawg counterattacks. A sea fight ensues, during which Shaw escapes and Ainslee, his men, and Reed are killed by cannon fire. Morgan boards the Reaper and blows out the ship's bottom. She then duels Dawg while Shaw gets trapped below in rapidly rising water with the treasure. Morgan kills Dawg with a cannon and saves Shaw, forced to abandon the treasure to escape the sinking ship.Morgan had attached a marker barrel to the treasure beforehand, allowing them to retrieve it, and the newly rich crew sets sail for Madagascar.
1240	Ghost in the Shell (Kokaku kidotai) (1995)	Animation, Sci-Fi	= Ghost in the Shell begins in 2029, and features Section 9, led by Chief Daisuke Aramaki and Major Motoko Kusanagi, as they investigate the Puppeteer, a cyber-criminal wanted for committing a large number of crimes by proxy through "ghost hacking" humans with cyberbrains. As the investigation continues, Section 9 discovers that the Puppet Master is actually an advanced artificial intelligence created by a department of the Japanese government, taking up residence in a robot body. After destroying the latest host of the Puppeteer, Section 9 believes all is well, until the Major discovers the Puppet Master in her own mind. After hearing the Puppeteer's wishes to reach its next step in evolution, Kusanagi allows it to become one with her own ghost. In Ghost in the Shell 1.5: Human-Error Processor the Major leaves Section 9 to work as a private contractor, with the remaining members of the unit, Batou, Togusa, Ishikawa, Saito, Paz, Borma and Azuma, continuing their work as covert operatives, occasionally meeting up with the Major only in the chapter "Drive Slave". Ghost in the Shell 2: Man-Machine Interface This story is set four years and five months after Motoko Kusanagi fused with a sentient life form and left Public Security Section 9. The fused being of Motoko and the Puppeteer have been traveling the sea of the Net, merging with other ghosts and creating isotopes. Among them, Motoko Aramaki, the head of the Investigative Division at Poseidon Industrial, began investigating an incident involving an attack on a pig clone organ cultivation facility owned by its subsidiary, Meditech. As she delved into the investigation, she found herself making contact with other isotopes when infiltrating Motoko Kusanagi in a secretive club known as the "Sleeping Universe," a facility used for the transfer of consciousness.
1241	Van, The (1996)	Comedy, Drama	Brendan "Bimbo" Reeves gets laid off from his job as a baker in Barrytown, a working-class quarter of Dublin. With his redundancy cheque, he buys a van and sells fish and chips with his best mate, Larry. Due, in part, to Ireland's surprising success at the 1990 FIFA World Cup, their business starts off well. The relationship between the two friends soon becomes strained as Bimbo and his wife, Maggie, behave more and more like typical bosses. Larry believes that Maggie is the cause of the strained friendship, as he thinks she is pushing Bimbo away from him. The van is closed down because of poor hygiene by health inspector Des O'Callaghan. Bimbo thinks that Larry told the Health Board about the van, leading to a fight between the two. Larry quits the job, despite Bimbo's best efforts to get him back. Bimbo then drives the van into the sea, so as to regain his friendship with Larry.
1242	Old Lady Who Walked in the Sea, The (Vieille qui marchait dans la mer, La) (1991)	Comedy	The Old Lady Who Walked in the Sea (French: La vieille qui marchait dans la mer) is a 1991 French crime comedy-drama film directed by Laurent Heynemann and based on the novel by San Antonio (Frédéric Dard.) Jeanne Moreau won the 1992 César Award for Best Actress for her performance.
1243	Night Flier (1997)	Horror	Richard Dees is a cynical tabloid reporter whose motto is "Never believe what you publish and never publish what you believe." Merton Morrison, his editor-in-chief at the tabloid Inside View, assigns him to investigate a series of murders at rural airfields. The killer is a mysterious pilot who appears to believe that he is a vampire and is registered under the name of Dwight Renfield. Dees initially refuses the story, and Morrison assigns it to novice reporter Katherine Blair. Dees later changes his mind and agrees to investigate after two more murders are committed at another airfield, the victims drained of their blood. Blair is outraged when Morrison gives the story to Dees, who begins using his own light aircraft to retrace the killer's path.Dees gathers witness accounts and bribes officials as he conducts his investigation. He is amoral, caring only about sensationalizing the story: he has no scruples about desecrating a grave for a photo opportunity or taking pictures of dead victims for publication. As he investigates, he receives messages from Renfield warning him off the story.Dees grows obsessed with the story, as it appears that Renfield has hypnotic abilities often associated with vampires. Dees antagonizes his editor Morrison by refusing to provide an article until he finishes investigating. An angry Morrison sends Blair to conduct her own parallel investigation. Dees and Blair run into each other at a motel, and Dees convinces Blair to join forces with the promise that he will share the byline with her.The duo determine that Renfield has just landed at Wilmington airfield. Dees betrays Blair, locking her in a closet and telling her he doesn't share bylines. He flies to Wilmington and finds Renfield's black Cessna Skymaster, the interior covered in blood and an old photo album showing a pilot and his wife.The airfield is deserted, but when Dees enters the terminal, he finds dozens of mutilated bodies. He photographs the bodies until, finally unnerved, he goes to the bathroom to vomit. There Renfield confronts him. Renfield, clearly a monstrous being but with his face still obscured, tells the reporter that he likes Dees's work and would find the world more dull without him in it. Renfield destroys Dees's photographic film and gives one final warning to leave him alone. As Renfield leaves, Dees chases after him and demands to see Renfield's face. Renfield complies, remarking that Dees has been chasing death his whole life; Renfield's face is hideous and malformed, and the vampire forces Dees to drink his blood. Dees hallucinates that the victims are rising as revenants (or folkloric vampires), so he grabs a fire axe and begins recklessly hacking them. Police officers arrive on the scene, accompanied by Blair, and find Dees alone chopping up bodies. They shoot him dead. Blair goes to the window and sees Renfield get in his plane and take off, but, adopting Dees's motto, she publishes an article portraying Dees as the killer.
1244	Metro (1997)	Action	SFPD Inspector Scott Roper is the best hostage negotiator in his department. He is called in to deal with a bank robber, Earl, demanding a getaway vehicle and police escort. He manages to defuse the situation, shooting Earl non-fatally in the shoulder and rescuing the hostages.That night, Scott accompanies his friend and former partner, Lt. Sam Baffert, to the apartment of Michael Korda, a jewel thief involved in Baffert's investigation. After Sam questions Korda about his involvement, Korda stabs him to death and leaves his corpse inside an elevator for Scott to find. Despite demanding to go after Korda, Captain Frank Solis refuses to let him take the case due to the probable conflict of interest. Scott resolves to bring Korda to justice, but in the meantime he must adjust to his new partner, SWAT sharpshooter Kevin McCall.Scott and Kevin are called to a hostage situation at a downtown jewelry store, with Korda as the hostage taker. When Scott and Korda see each other, the latter grabs a hostage and makes a getaway in a truck. Scott and Kevin use Solis' car to pursue him. Korda wrecks the truck, and boards a cable car, shooting the operator in the process. Scott and Kevin manage to stop the cable car and chase Korda into a parking garage, where they apprehend him.During visitation at the jail with his cousin Clarence Teal, Korda orders Teal to murder Ronnie, Scott's ex-girlfriend, as a way to seek revenge on Scott. Teal attacks Ronnie at her apartment, but Scott intervenes and chases Teal down the fire escape, where, after a chase, Teal is struck and killed by a passing car. A furious Scott visits Korda in jail and warns him to stay away from Ronnie, showing him an autopsy picture of Teal, which enrages Korda.The next morning, Korda escapes from the jail and kidnaps Ronnie, leading Scott and Kevin into a confrontation at an abandoned shipyard. Korda threatens to kill Ronnie by decapitating her on the cutting machine she is pinned to if Scott does not follow his instructions. Korda charges toward Scott in a sports car, but is shot from a vantage point by Kevin, causing him to swerve and crash through the warehouse entrance. Scott frees Ronnie, while Kevin engages Korda in a shootout where the former is shot in the upper leg. Korda tries to retreat in Scott's truck, but Scott fights for control of it. Scott leaps out of the way while Korda, who is unable to escape due to Scott ramming a steel pipe into the door and on the gas pedal continues on, trapped in the truck. As Korda struggles to get the door open, the truck crashes into a stack of explosive barrels and Korda is killed in a massive explosion. The movie finishes with Scott and Ronnie relaxing on vacation at a Tahitian beach resort.
1245	Gridlock'd (1997)	Crime	Spoon, Stretch, and Cookie, are a trio of heroin addicts, living in Detroit. They are in a band – in the spoken word genre – called Eight Mile Road, with Cookie on lead vocals, Spoon on bass guitar, and Stretch on piano. Spoon and Stretch decide to kick their habit after Cookie overdoses on her first hit. Throughout a disastrous day, the two addicts dodge police and local criminals while struggling with an apathetic government bureaucracy that thwarts their entrance to a drug rehabilitation program.
1246	Bushwhacked (1995)	Comedy	Deliveryman "Mad" Max Grabelski (Daniel Stern) is charged with delivering packages to millionaire Reinhart Bragdon (Anthony Heald) for $50 tips. During a late night delivery, Max accidentally stumbles across a fire in Bragdon's mansion and is cornered by FBI Agent Palmer (Jon Polito), but accidentally picks up Agent Palmer's gun and manages to escape. Max later sees a news report in which Palmer claims that Bragdon was killed in the fire, which was set up by Max to stop him from exposing a money-laundering conspiracy. Now on the run from the law, Max contacts his boss and learns that a final package is to be delivered to Bragdon, but at his mountain cabin in Devil's Peak.Max heads for Devil's Peak to clear his name, but a store clerk and scoutmaster Jack Erickson (Brad Sullivan) recognizes his face and he is forced to threaten both with his gun, gluing Erickson to his car's steering wheel and ordering him to drive off to lure the police away while stealing Erickson's van. He is subsequently mistaken for a scoutmaster scheduled to lead a group of Ranger Scouts (consisting of five boys and one girl) on an expedition. Max goes along with the ruse to keep heading for Devil's Peak. The FBI find and release Erickson, and set up a base of operations at a nearby cabin while Palmer and Erickson pursue Max and the scouts. Though they are nearly captured, Max cuts the bridge between two cliffs, forcing Palmer and Erickson to take the longer route.Along the way, the scouts become curious of Max's unorthodox capabilities as a scout leader. They build a makeshift radio and learn who Max truly is. They lace his water with sleeping pills and use smoke signs to signal their location to Erickson. Max ends up sedated, but Palmer handcuffs Erickson to a tree and captures Max alone, promising the scouts a rescue helicopter, but the suspicious scouts follow in secret. Max awakens and Palmer leads him to a helicopter, where Max discovers Bragdon is alive; he then reveals that he is a criminal and that Palmer is one of his henchman posing a FBI agent and their plan was to steal the laundered money from the authorities and Bragdon faking his death after coming under suspicion in order to frame Max. Before they can kill Max, the scouts intervene and knock Palmer out, but Max falls into the river and the scouts follow to rescue him and escape the criminals. They reach safety before going over a waterfall and throw their backpacks in the river to drive Palmer and Bragdon off. Out of supplies, the scouts decide to remain with Max, accepting him as their scout leader and help him reach Devil's Peak. Meanwhile, one of the scouts' mothers, Mrs. Patterson (Ann Dowd) uncovers Max's discarded tissue and realizes that he is leading them to Devil's Peak, and gives chase in her van when Palmer's bumbling assistant, Agent McMurrey (Thomas Mills Wood), refuses to help her. She arrives first, but is captured by Bragdon.After scaling the treacherous mountainside, Max and the scouts finally arrive as Bragdon receives the final package. Palmer catches up and prepares to kill them, but is subdued by Erickson, who freed himself and followed Max. Erickson tells Max that he needs to have a serious talk with him for taking the scouts in his place, Max sneaks into the cabin to free Mrs. Patterson while Erickson and the scouts glue Palmer to a tree as payback for handcuffing Erickson to the tall tree. Bragdon appears and forces Max and Mrs. Peterson to the edge of the cliff at gunpoint. Mrs. Patterson's son, Gordy (Blake Bashoff), charges Bragdon but falls over a cliff and hangs onto a branch for his life. Max knocks Bragdon out by punching his dentures out of his mouth and climbs down the cliff and pulls Gordy to safety just before the branch falls away.With Bragdon and Palmer captured, Max's name is cleared and in response to his efforts, he is awarded a Ranger Scout Leader honor and given charge of an even bigger group of scouts for a more challenging mission, much to his surprise and chagrin.
1247	Bad Girls (1994)	Western	Cody, Anita, Eileen and Lily work together in a brothel. When Anita is abused by a customer, Cody kills the man after he opens fire on her. Narrowly escaping from a lynch mob, they are pursued by Pinkerton detectives hired by the widow of Colonel Clayborne (the dead customer). A man they meet on the road, McCoy, warns them of the pursuit.They discuss riding to Oregon and starting a new life by taking up the claim to land inherited by Anita when her husband died of cholera. Cody offers to fund their new start from savings she has accumulated over the years.Going to the bank where Cody's savings are held, as she tries to close her account and make a withdrawal, the Pinkerton detectives catch up with her and try to arrest her. Leaving the bank manager's office, they find themselves in the middle of a bank robbery being staged by Kid Jarrett, a former lover of Cody's. He helps her escape from arrest, but takes her money and tells her to find him.During the escape, Eileen is arrested. Cody decides to go after the money and Kid Jarrett, telling Anita and Lily to wait in hiding. Instead, they return to town to break Eileen out of jail.Cody's meeting with Kid Jarrett and his father Frank Jarrett does not go well. As Kid Jarrett has not forgiven her for running out on him, he flogs her. Later, she is found unconscious by McCoy, who brings her to a healer in town and puts the Pinkerton detectives off her trail.McCoy, Cody and the other three women meet up on the ranch of a farmer who'd been guarding Eileen's cell (and whom they'd tricked into releasing her). Cody plans revenge on Kid Jarrett. They foil a train robbery and steal his loot, at the cost of Lily being abducted. In turn, they abduct Frank Jarrett.Regrouping again on the ranch, Anita leaves the others, frustrated with their revenge-motivated misadventures. She goes to a lawyer in town and finds out that the claim is only valid in the hands of her husband - as a woman, she cannot claim the land in Oregon.Frank Jarrett antagonizes his captors until McCoy shoots him. Angry over it, Cody sends McCoy away. Meanwhile, Lily is being raped by her captors. When McCoy stages a one-man rescue attempt, he is captured, but Lily escapes.Reunited, Cody, Anita and Eileen go to rescue Lily and meet her on the road. When she tells them that McCoy has been captured, they continue towards Kid Jarrett's hideout, and offer to trade the stolen loot for McCoy, who has been flogged and tortured. Kid agrees, then shoots McCoy as soon as the loot is handed over. He gives Cody the money he stole from her.While retreating, one of Lily's would-be rapists taunts her, triggering a shootout that results in the deaths of Kid's entire gang.After the shootout, Eileen marries the rancher, while Lily, Cody and Anita head west to start a new life, mentioning the Klondike Gold Rush of 1896. On the trail, they overtake the Pinkerton detectives, who do not see them.
1248	Blink (1994)	Thriller	Blink (Clarice Ferguson) is a superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Scott Lobdell and artist Joe Madureira, Blink is the pink-skinned mutant leader of the Exiles, a group tasked with correcting problems in various alternate worlds and divergent timelines in the Marvel Multiverse. "Redefined" from an Earth-616 variant of the character previously created by Lobdell and Madureira for the crossover event "The Phalanx Covenant" as a member of Generation X killed by the Phalanx, who first appeared in The Uncanny X-Men #317 (October 1994), the "Pink Blink" of Earth-295 is considered a breakout character, serving as the protagonist of the ongoing series Exiles and limited series Blink. A Chinese version of Blink named Clarice Fong is introduced in the X-Men feature film X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014), portrayed by Fan Bingbing, with Jamie Chung subsequently portraying a younger version of Fong in the television series The Gifted (2017–2019).
1249	For Love or Money (1993)	Comedy	Doug Ireland is a concierge at the Bradbury, a luxurious hotel in New York City. Doug is very well-connected and is very good at his job, giving personal attention to guests like Gene Salvatore while occasionally pocketing a big tip. He also helps people who don't tip as well, such as Harry Wegman. Doug's dream is to open his own hotel on Roosevelt Island. He has saved every cent and obtained an option on an old hotel.  But he only has a few weeks to begin development and needs at least $3 million immediately to start or the development goes back to the city.Doug's best chance is Christian Hanover, a somewhat unscrupulous billionaire. Christian considers the proposal and asks Doug to "take care" of his mistress, Andy Hart, a perfume saleswoman. Christian has been leading Andy on, making her believe that he was divorcing his wife. Doug had been flirting with Andy before he knew she was seeing Christian, and had asked her out multiple times. However, she always stated that she had a boyfriend. Doug spends time with Andy when Christian neglects her, (as a “favor” for Christian) and he saves Andy and Christian from an embarrassing scene at a party in Christian's house with his wife, Elenor.Doug learns that Christian is deceiving Andy about getting a divorce, stating, “you don’t divorce your third wife”. But because his hotel proposal is urgent and Andy is old enough to make her own decisions, he doesn't intervene. However, as he and Andy spend time together, he develops feelings for her, going to an elegant restaurant with her after Christian is late due to a date with his wife. He simultaneously helps Wegman with his failing marriage, helping him get his wife to love him again.  Afterwards, Andy and Doug get into a heated argument in Christian's hotel suite.  Andy then learns that a document Christian asked Doug to sign, was intended to permit the billionaire to take over the hotel project and force Doug out. Christian reveals that an IRS agent who was tailing Doug about the real estate property he (Doug) bought until he (Christian) and his lawyers took care of it was actually working with Christian to get the property. Christian smugly tells Andy that the project was going to make a fortune and he wasn't going to share it with a mere concierge. Andy abandons him to warn Doug, who is chasing after her to tell her Christian isn't divorcing his wife.  After the two reunite at the Queensboro Bridge and reveal to each other about the deception, Doug says he never signed the document due to leaving to warn Andy, so Christian can't take over the property.In the end, after Doug and Andy marry, he gets a call from Wegman, who despite his frugalness is a successful financier, has accidentally been sent Doug's business plan by a senile member of the hotel staff Doug refused to fire and has decided to put up the $3 million that Doug needs.
1250	Best of the Best 3: No Turning Back (1995)	Action	In the small town of Liberty, a vicious group of neo-Nazis terrorizes the populace, most recently murdering an African-American pastor and setting fire to his church. While visiting his sister and brother-in-law in Liberty, Tommy Lee (Phillip Rhee) crosses paths with the group's leader Donnie Hansen (Mark Rolston), and is drawn into the conflict when his sister is attacked in their car. Later, the group attempts to harass schoolteacher Margo Preston (Gina Gershon) at a 4-H fair, but Tommy intervenes and fends them off. Ungrateful at first, she eventually warms up to Tommy when they are set up on a blind date. They start a relationship.Meanwhile, the town holds hearings on whether to sell a parcel of land on the outskirts of town to the neo-Nazis, who have set up their headquarters on the land. Margo and Tommy join the residents and persuade the town council to reject the land sale, which means the neo-Nazis soon must vacate the premises.After this defeat, the neo-Nazis arm themselves and assault Tommy's family. After saving Margo from an attempted rape, Tommy returns home to find his sister badly beaten. He and his brother-in-law, town sheriff Jack Banning (Christopher McDonald), decide to take matters into their own hands and invade the group's heavily guarded base, where Jack's children have been taken hostage. After a climactic fight, the children are rescued and Tommy defeats Hansen in single combat, but refuses to kill him, knowing that it would only further his message of hatred. As Tommy turns away, Hansen takes aim at him with a rifle, prompting teenager Owen Tucker (Peter Simmons) to shoot and kill Hansen, thus brokering a new peace in the town. The ending scene shows the murdered pastor's child reading from the Bible and the church being rebuilt.
1251	A Chef in Love (1996)	Comedy	The film tells the story of  Pascal Ichak, a French opera singer and chef living in Georgia, who opens a restaurant. It also shows the life in Georgia at the beginning of the 20th century, including its short period of independence (see Democratic Republic of Georgia). After the Bolshevik coup attempt in Georgia (1920), the chef refuses to emigrate and endures the brutalities of the new regime.
1252	Contempt (Mépris, Le) (1963)	Drama	Paul Javal, a young French playwright who has achieved commercial success in Rome, accepts an offer from Jerry Prokosch, a vulgar American producer, to rework the script for Austrian director Fritz Lang's screen adaptation of the Odyssey.Paul's wife, Camille Javal, joins him on the first day of the project at Cinecittà. After initial discussions, Prokosch invites the crew to his villa and offers Camille a ride in his two-seat sports car. Camille looks to Paul to decline the offer, but he passively withdraws, opting to follow by taxi instead, leaving Camille alone with Prokosch. Paul does not catch up with them until 30 minutes later, explaining that he was delayed by a traffic accident. Camille grows uneasy, secretly doubting his honesty and suspecting that he is using her to strengthen his ties with Prokosch. Her misgivings deepen when she witnesses Paul groping Prokosch's secretary, Francesca.Back at their apartment, Paul and Camille discuss the subtle tension that has arisen between them in the first few hours of the project. Camille suddenly announces to her bewildered husband that she no longer loves him.Hoping to rekindle Camille's affection, Paul convinces her to accept Prokosch's invitation to join them for filming in Capri. Prokosch and Lang are locked in a conflict over the correct interpretation of Homer's work, a stalemate exacerbated by the difficulty of communication between the German director, the French screenwriter, and the American producer. Francesca acts as an interpreter, mediating all conversations. When Paul sides with Prokosch against Lang by suggesting that Odysseus left home because of his wife's infidelity, Camille's suspicions of her husband's servility are confirmed. She deliberately allows Paul to find her in Prokosch's embrace, and in the ensuing confrontation, she implies that her respect for him has turned to contempt because she believes he has bartered her to Prokosch. Paul denies this accusation, offering to sever his ties with the film and leave Capri, but Camille refuses to recant and departs for Rome with the producer.After a car crash in which Camille and Prokosch are killed, Paul prepares to leave Capri and return to the theater. Lang, meanwhile, continues working on the film.
1253	Tie That Binds, The (1995)	Thriller	John Netherwood and his wife Leann are murderers and fugitives on the run with their young daughter, Janie. While robbing a house to feed Janie, the two are interrupted by the arrival of the elderly residents, whom John terrorizes and photographs with a Polaroid camera before killing them. However, a suspicious neighbor calls the police, and Officer David Carrey arrives on the scene, shooting John in the shoulder and forcing him to flee with Leann. Janie is taken into an adoption agency, deeply traumatized by her experiences with her parents.Helped by adoption agency case worker Maggie Hass, Los Angeles architect Russell Clifton and his photographer wife Dana adopt Janie and bring her into their home. Despite being precocious and charming, Janie's mental trauma begins to manifest itself in disturbing ways; she hides in the Cliftons' closet, has nightmares about her parents, and cuts herself with a bread knife she keeps under her pillow. She tells a child psychologist that the knife is meant to protect her from the "Tooth Fairy", whom she draws as an image of John.Meanwhile, the Netherwoods begin planning to reclaim Janie. Leann picks up Officer Carrey at a bar, and when he takes her back to his home, John appears and brutally beats him; after getting the name of the adoption agency from him, they kill him. The Netherwoods then arrive at the adoption center and interrogate Maggie before killing her as well. Meanwhile, the Cliftons discover the identity of Janie's parents from a police database search. After Leann tries but fails to kidnap Janie from school, the Cliftons are forced to go into hiding with Janie.The Netherwoods track down the Cliftons' friends, Lisa Marie Chandler and her husband Gil Chandler, to the hospital where Lisa Marie has just given birth. Leann threatens to harm Lisa Marie's child, forcing her to tell them where the Cliftons have fled to—an unfinished house that Russell has designed for his family and financed out of his own pocket.The Netherwoods head to the site of the house and take the Cliftons hostage, tying them both to makeshift gallows. Leann tries to distract a terrified Janie while John sets the house on fire, just as he did to a previous set of victims. However, Janie, seeing Dana in danger, intervenes and struggles with John as Russell manages to cut himself and Dana free. In the chaos, Janie and Dana escape, and Leann pursues them while John fights with and incapacitates Russell. Leann manages to find Janie and Dana, but finds herself unable to take Janie back upon seeing Dana cradling her in her arms. John finds Leann, who tells him that he has already lost his daughter to Dana; in a fit of rage, John kills her and chases Janie into the nearby woods.John and Janie eventually come face-to-face in the woods, but when he tries to take her back, she stabs him in the stomach with her bread knife, telling him, "You taught me that." At that moment, Dana appears and grabs Janie. John tries to kill them both, but a badly-beaten Russell appears with an axe and kills him. With the Netherwoods dead, Janie finally accepts the Cliftons as her new family.
1254	Gone Fishin' (1997)	Comedy	Joe Waters and Gus Green are bumbling, blue-collar, yet happy best friends and next door neighbors who live modestly in Newark, New Jersey and have known each other since childhood. They share the hobby of fishing and win a stay in the Florida Everglades to go angling, but promise to return home in time for Thanksgiving.On the way, however, while stopping at a restaurant, they meet an Englishman, Martin, who discreetly steals Joe's car keys and leaves. Joe and Gus are forced to push their boat down the road until they are met by two women, Rita and Angie, who are after Martin and offer them a lift. During the ride, a bump causes the boat to disconnect from the car, leaving Joe and Gus stranded yet again, and the boat is accidentally hooked to a train and pulled away along with their beer and supplies. Joe and Gus hitch a ride with two men, but on the way, they see their car at a gas station and investigate. Joe goes to confront Martin inside the bathroom, but backs down when he catches Martin loading a gun. Joe and Gus flee the petrol station in their car, and discover a blood-stained knife in the dashboard.Joe and Gus stay at a trailer park for the night, and while watching a documentary on television, they learn that Martin is actually Dekker Massey, a wanted criminal who has conned several women out of their riches and is implied to have stabbed his last victim to death and hidden her money and jewelry somewhere. The presenters offer a bounty for Dekker's capture, and Joe and Gus decide to turn in the knife after their fishing trip. Meanwhile, Dekker begins hunting Joe and Gus down.Following a recommendation by the trailer park owner, Joe and Gus visit Phil Beasly's boatyard and rent a speedboat, but end up breaking almost every gadget on the boat, losing the knife and wrecking the boatyard by accident. Distraught, they decide to return home early, but end up with a flat tire. While getting the spare tire from the trunk, Joe discovers a map that leads to Dekker's fortune. They book a room in a nearby hotel, and while having dinner, they are found by Rita and Angie, who question them about Dekker and reveal that they are after him because Rita's mother was one of Dekker's victims. Joe and Gus promise to bring Dekker to justice, but that night, Gus sleepwalks and starts a fire in the hotel, destroying their suite and the map. They only barely manage to escape undetected, though their car breaks down on the road and Joe is struck by lightning while they try to fix it. Instead of killing him, the lightning boosts Joe's memory and he is able to lead the way to the cave where Dekker hid his fortune. Despite an altercation with an alligator, they retrieve the treasure and escape, but are accosted by Dekker. At gunpoint, Dekker forces them to push Joe's car into the swamp and ties them up inside a sheriff's office, intending to flee the country with the treasure.After Dekker leaves, however, Joe and Gus are found and freed by their idol, Billy "Catch" Pooler, and they set out to stop Dekker. After a long chase across the swamp, Joe and Gus find and capture Dekker moments before his escape via plane and hand him over to the police. Though they claim the reward money, Joe and Gus are forced to spend it mostly on the damages they caused during their trip.
1255	Broken English (1996)	Drama	Nina is the daughter of Ivan, a fierce Croatian patriarch whose family immigrated to Auckland, New Zealand to escape the war. She works as a waitress in a restaurant and falls in love with Eddie, a Māori chef, despite her father's objections. For a price, she agrees to marry a Chinese co-worker so that he (and his Chinese wife) can establish permanent residency. The money gives her the independence she needs to leave her parents' house and move in with Eddie. Complications arise when Eddie realises the depth of her father's fury and the strength of Nina's family ties.
1256	Designated Mourner, The (1997)	Drama	The Designated Mourner is a play written by Wallace Shawn in 1996, which was adapted into a film and was directed by David Hare in 1997. The film, which follows the play's script closely, is based on the original London stage production directed by Hare and has the same cast: Mike Nichols as Jack, Miranda Richardson as Judy, and David de Keyser as Howard. The North American premiere of The Designated Mourner was staged in March 1997 by the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago, directed by Les Waters, with David Shapiro as Jack, Martha Lavey as Judy, and Nicholas Rudall as Howard. Andre Gregory subsequently directed a stage production in New York City in 2000 and a radio play, both of which featured Wallace Shawn as Jack, Deborah Eisenberg as Judy, and Larry Pine as Howard. The play was revived in 2017 at Redcat (Roy and Edna Disney/CalArts Theater). The production was directed by André Gregory, featuring the same cast from the New York production, and was presented by Alex Westerman. The play was ranked the 10th greatest American play of the past 25 years in a 2018 list by The New York Times critics.
1257	Designated Mourner, The (1997)	Drama	The Designated Mourner is a play written by Wallace Shawn in 1996, which was adapted into a film and was directed by David Hare in 1997. The film, which follows the play's script closely, is based on the original London stage production directed by Hare and has the same cast: Mike Nichols as Jack, Miranda Richardson as Judy, and David de Keyser as Howard. The North American premiere of The Designated Mourner was staged in March 1997 by the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago, directed by Les Waters, with David Shapiro as Jack, Martha Lavey as Judy, and Nicholas Rudall as Howard. Andre Gregory subsequently directed a stage production in New York City in 2000 and a radio play, both of which featured Wallace Shawn as Jack, Deborah Eisenberg as Judy, and Larry Pine as Howard. The play was revived in 2017 at Redcat (Roy and Edna Disney/CalArts Theater). The production was directed by André Gregory, featuring the same cast from the New York production, and was presented by Alex Westerman. The play was ranked the 10th greatest American play of the past 25 years in a 2018 list by The New York Times critics.
1258	Trial and Error (1997)	Comedy, Romance	Charlie Tuttle has just been made partner in a successful law firm, Whitfield and Morris. His boss and future father-in-law sends him to Paradise Bluff, Nevada, to request a continuance in a mail fraud case involving a cousin-in-law who is likely to be found guilty. But the timing of the trip conflicts with Charlie's bachelor party. After Charlie drives from California to Paradise Bluff, he is unexpectedly greeted by his best man, actor Richard Rietti, who is determined to show his friend a great time prior to his wedding.During the celebration, Charlie is knocked out in a barfight, and is later prescribed painkillers for the resulting pain. The next day — the day of the court appearance — Richard checks on his friend and finds Charlie has taken all of the pills in the bottle. Charlie winds up in no shape to appear in court that day, as legal counsel for con artist Benny Gibbs, so Richard impersonates Charlie. When the case unexpectedly goes to trial, Richard and Charlie must continue the charade, or they both will go to prison for perpetrating a fraud upon the court.Charlie coaches Richard as to the use of the rules of evidence, masquerading as Richard's "assistant", surreptitiously using flash cards to tell Richard which basis for objection to use. Charlie eventually loses his temper and screams at the Judge Paul Graff, trying to overrule Charlie, when Richard disobeys Charlie and takes the "defense" in a broader direction, and Charlie is banned from reentering the courthouse. Later, Richard and Charlie devise a communication system involving a baby monitor and morse-code sounding of Charlie's vehicle's horn, heard through an open window, to instruct Richard as to which type of objection to use.During the course of the story, Charlie meets and falls in love with an attractive waitress named Billie Tyler who causes Charlie to rethink his impending wedding to his shrill, self-absorbed fiancée, Tiffany. As the trial nears its end, Richard becomes involved with the prosecutor, Elizabeth, against whom he ultimately finds due process for "his client".
1259	Pie in the Sky (1995)	Comedy, Romance	A whimsical saga of a young man whose two life-consuming passions are unraveling traffic gridlock and an avant-garde dancer. A romantic comedy.
1260	Total Eclipse (1995)	Drama	The older Paul Verlaine meets Arthur Rimbaud's sister Isabelle in a café in Paris. Isabelle and her mother want Verlaine to hand over any copies he may still have of Rimbaud's poems so that they can burn them. Verlaine reflects on the relationship he formed with Rimbaud, beginning when the teenaged Rimbaud had sent his poetry to Verlaine from his home in the provinces in 1871. Verlaine impulsively invited him to his rich father-in-law's home in Paris, where he lives with his young, pregnant wife. Rimbaud displays no sense of manners or decency, scandalising Verlaine's pretentious, bourgeois in-laws.The 27-year-old Verlaine is seduced by the 16-year-old Rimbaud's physical body as well as by the originality of his mind. The staid respectability of married life and easy, middle-class surroundings had been stifling Verlaine's admittedly sybaritic literary talent. Rimbaud acts as sadistically to Verlaine as does Verlaine to his young wife, whom he eventually deserts. A violent, itinerant relationship ensues between the two poets, the climax of which arrives in Brussels when a drunken and enraged Verlaine shoots Rimbaud and is sentenced a fine and two years in prison for sodomy and grievous bodily harm.In prison, Verlaine converts to Christianity, to his former lover's disgust. Upon release he meets Rimbaud in Germany, vainly and mistakenly seeking to revive the relationship. The two men part, never to meet again. Bitterly renouncing literature in any form, Rimbaud travels the world alone, finally settling in Abyssinia (modern day Ethiopia) to run a "trading post". There he has a mistress. A tumour in his right knee forces him back to France where his leg is amputated. Nevertheless, the cancer spreads and he dies at the age of 37. When he dies, the image of one of his most famous poems, Le Dormeur du val, appears.During her conversation with Verlaine, Isabelle Rimbaud asserts that her brother had accepted confession from a priest right before he died, showing Christian penitence, which is why only the censored versions of his poetry should survive. Verlaine pretends to agree but tears up her card after she leaves. Later, Verlaine, drinking absinthe (to which he has become addicted), sees a vision of the sixteen-year-old Rimbaud. The film ends with the young Rimbaud walking alone on a mountain range, Verlaine proclaiming that they were both happy together, and Rimbaud claiming to have finally found eternity.
1261	Run of the Country, The (1995)	Drama	The story tells of a political and generational conflict in a teen romance and coming-of-age story in Ireland. Albert Finney stars as a policeman with the Garda Síochána in a small County Cavan village just south of the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic. The sergeant, with nothing to do, hopes for just one murder to solve and make himself famous. His real concern, however, is that his relationship with his 18-year-old son Danny (Matt Keeslar) has been strained since the recent death of his wife from a heart attack during a domestic quarrel. Danny blames his father for his mother's death and resents his father's bullying ways, so he moves in with his best friend Prunty (Anthony Brophy). Danny then falls in love with Annagh (Victoria Smurfit), a beautiful, red-haired northerner, and their relationship, which becomes sexual, brings Danny's conflict with his headstrong father to a boil.
1262	Walking and Talking (1996)	Romance	Amelia and Laura are childhood best friends. Amelia is left feeling vulnerable when Laura and her boyfriend Frank get engaged. She begins to date Bill, the local clerk at the video rental store she frequents. Though she initially is off put by his looks and his obsession with scifi and horror films, she begins to grow attracted to him when she learns he is working on a screenplay about the life of Colette. The two have sex; however, while Amelia is in the bathroom she receives a call from Laura asking how her date was with "the ugly guy". Hurt after hearing this, Bill abruptly leaves.Meanwhile, since becoming engaged, Laura, a therapist, has begun to fantasize about one of her patients. She also allows the waiter at her local coffee shop to flirt with her and begins to pick fights with her fiancé.Amelia becomes obsessed with Bill after sleeping with him, but quickly becomes hurt and angry as he never calls her. She asks her friend and former boyfriend Andrew why they broke up, and he confesses that she places too much importance on her boyfriends. After two weeks, Amelia finally goes to the video rental store and snaps when Bill is polite but distant towards her. He chases her down and tells her he heard from Laura's message that she called him ugly.Amelia, Laura and Frank go to Amelia's parents' country cottage where Laura and Frank plan to get married. While there, Laura and Frank fight, causing Frank to leave in the middle of the night. Amelia receives obscene phone calls and calls Andrew, making him take the train to come and protect her. After Andrew answers the phone, causing the caller to stop calling, Amelia and Andrew get drunk, talk about their past relationship and then go swimming together.Laura and Frank go to a dinner where they hope to reconcile. Frank gives Laura his biopsied mole in a box as a present, as their last fight involved her anger at him for not getting it checked by a doctor. Laura finds the present disgusting and leaves without making up with him.Meanwhile, Amelia goes to see Bill at the video store where she learns that he is dating his ex. She goes home, where she and Andrew have dinner together, and he explains how he broke up with the girl he was having phone sex with. He then kisses Amelia and the two sleep together; she gives him the black leather pants that she bought him as a Christmas present that she never gave him, since they broke up before Christmas.Despite the fact that she has not reconciled with Frank, Laura continues to plan her wedding. After going to see Amelia after a disastrous meeting with a wedding makeup artist, the two end up fighting as Amelia accuses Laura of abandoning their friendship. The two finally sit down to reconnect, and Amelia tells Laura about reconnecting with Andrew before urging her to go make up with Frank. Laura takes her advice to heart.Laura reconnects with Frank. On her wedding day she allows Amelia to do her makeup and hair as they had originally planned. Laura tells Amelia that she believes that she and Andrew are going to make it. The two leave to go to the ceremony hand in hand.
1263	Foxfire (1996)	Drama	Maddie Wirtz is a high school senior living in the suburbs of Portland, Oregon. Her plans to coast through her last school year before college are waylaid when she meets another teenage girl, "Legs," a drifter who takes shelter from the rain inside Maddie's school. The same day she meets them, Legs convinces Maddie and fellow students Rita Faldes and Violet Kahn to confront Mr. Buttinger, a teacher who has been sexually harassing Rita and Violet. Maddie, Rita, and Violet flee after the confrontation turns violent, witnessed by student Goldie Goldman, who flees with them. Later, Legs finds Maddie at her house from the address in a notebook Maddie dropped in Mr. Buttinger's classroom. Legs spends the night at Maddie's house and bonds with her further in the morning before school.At school, Maddie, Rita, Violet, and Goldie are suspended for the confrontation with Mr. Buttinger, despite their explanation of what happened. After getting kicked out of school, the girls go to an abandoned house where Maddie suggested Legs stay, finding Legs there. All five girls quickly form a close bond, with the abandoned house as their "headquarters" and engaging in further acts of rebellion, such as breaking into the school to retrieve part of Maddie's art school application (which the principal refused to let her get before she got kicked out) and Legs tattooing a flame on all of them. Legs and Maddie also learn Goldie's father physically abuses her. Everything culminates when the girls crash a car stolen from a group of boys who were about to rape Maddie in "revenge" for what happened to Mr. Buttinger.Though not seriously injured, the girls go on trial for stealing the car, with the boys and one of their girlfriends, Cindy, lying about the events leading up to it. Legs is sent to a juvenile prison and the group flounders without her, with Goldie starting to use heroin. Eventually, Cindy, feeling guilty, tells the judge the truth, leading to Legs' release.The girls' reunion is tempered by Legs learning of Goldie's addiction; Maddie has taken her to the abandoned house to detox. To help her, Legs leads Maddie, Rita, and Violet to Goldie's house to demand $10,000 from her parents to send Goldie to rehab. The situation escalates when Goldie's father refuses and Legs, holding him at gunpoint, forces the others to take him to the abandoned house. He is tied to a chair while the girls try to think of what to do next, and the tension rises as Legs begins taking her own paternal frustrations out on him. Amid the chaos, Rita accidentally shoots Goldie's father in the shoulder.Panic ensues and the girls resolve to get Goldie's father to the hospital. When Goldie, Rita, and Violet leave with Goldie's father, Maddie realizes Legs is missing. She finds Legs walking along the bridge, looking for a ride to another town. Both girls make proposals, Maddie for Legs to stay with her and the others and Legs for Maddie to join her on the road. Sad but resolute, the two eventually go their separate ways. Legs gets a truck to stop and boards as Maddie watches it disappear.In a voice-over, it is revealed that Maddie reunited with her boyfriend, finished high school, and went on to attend art school in New York City. She travels the world, always stopping at airports and bus stops along the way. Although none of the group ever see Legs again, they still get together once in a while and strengthen their bond over the past.
1264	Nothing to Lose (1994)	Drama	Michael Vincenzo Gazzo (April 5, 1923 – February 14, 1995) was an American playwright who later in life became a movie and television actor. He was nominated for an Academy Award for his role in The Godfather Part II (1974).
1265	Star Maps (1997)	Drama	This allegorical tale concerns the gap that exists between East and West Los Angeles as Latino kids try to pursue the American Dream. After five years of living in Mexico, an 18-year-old youth returns to Los Angeles with aspirations of becoming a movie star. At the urging of his father, a pimp who sells maps to stars' homes as a cover, the young man turns to hustling as a way to meet Hollywood insiders. Things start to look up when he hooks up with the producer of the popular daytime soap opera Carmel County. However his overbearing father and his mentally unstable mother threaten to get in the way of his dreams.
1266	Bread and Chocolate (Pane e cioccolata) (1973)	Drama	Like many southern Europeans of the period (1960s to early 1970s), Nino Garofalo (Nino Manfredi) is a migrant "guest worker" from Italy, working as a waiter in Switzerland. He loses his work permit when he is caught urinating in public, so he begins to lead a clandestine life in Switzerland.At first he is supported by Elena, a Greek woman and political refugee. Then he is befriended by an Italian industrialist, relocated to Switzerland because of financial problems. The industrialist takes him under his wing and invests his savings for him, but kills himself after his financial scheme collapses, without having told Nino where he deposited his savings.Nino is constrained to find shelter with a group of clandestine Neapolitans living in a chicken coop, together with the same chickens they tend to in order to survive.Intrigued by the sight of a group of blonde Swiss youths bathing in a river, he decides to dye his hair and pass himself off as a local. In a bar, when openly rooting for the Italy national football team during the broadcast of a match, he is found out as a migrant Italian worker, after celebrating a goal scored by Fabio Capello.He is arrested and brought to a police station. He meets Elena again, who wants to give him a renewed permit but he refuses. He embarks on a train and finds himself in a cabin filled with returning Italian guest workers. Amid the songs of "sun" and "sea", he is seen having second thoughts.
1267	Clockers (1995)	Drama	In a Brooklyn housing project, a group of clockers — street-level drug dealers — work for Rodney Little, a local drug lord. Rodney orders Ronald "Strike" Dunham, one of his lead clockers, to kill Darryl Adams, another dealer who has been stealing from him. Strike is reluctant to carry out the killing and asks his brother Victor if he knows someone who could kill Adams.Later, Homicide detectives Rocco Klein and Larry Mazilli are called to the scene of Adams' murder and learn that Victor has confessed to killing him. Upon interrogation, Victor tells Rocco that he shot Adams in self-defense. Rocco finds holes in this story and examines Victor's background, where he finds that Victor cares for his family, is a responsible employee and has no criminal record, leading Rocco to believe that Victor is covering for his younger brother.Rodney discusses Darryl's death with Strike. Later, Rodney tells Strike a story of a younger Rodney and Errol, where Errol threatened Rodney at gunpoint to kill a dealer, which he did. Back in the present, he tells Strike the reason Errol forced him at gunpoint to do so was so that Errol could hold something over him if he ever decided to tell on Errol, which was why he told Strike to kill Darryl Adams. Strike and Rodney have a falling-out after Rodney denies telling Strike to kill Darryl.Rocco pressures Strike, but Victor sticks to his story, so Rocco convinces Rodney that Strike has confessed and informed on Rodney's drug ring. Rocco arrests Rodney and then implicates Strike in front of his crew. Strike tries to play it off and deny that he was involved in Rodney's arrest, but his crew begins to turn on Strike, leading to them labeling him a snitch. Rodney, calling Errol to notify him that he is in jail, puts a hit out on Strike. Strike then gets together some money and decides to leave town.As Strike leaves his apartment, he sees Errol camped outside of his car with a gun. Strike deduces that Errol is there to kill him and hides. A younger boy who admires Strike, Tyrone, rides up to Errol on a bike and shoots him dead with Strike's gun. Later, Tyrone is taken into custody. With Rocco, Tyrone's mother and Andre listening, Tyrone confesses that he got the gun from Strike. Andre storms out of the interrogation room and proceeds to look for Strike.Andre angrily beats Strike in front of the whole project, and with a gun threatens the onlooking bystanders to stay back. As Andre threatens to kill Strike if he ever talks to or even looks at the young boy again, Rodney pulls up, which leads to Strike jumping in his own car and driving to the precinct, with Rodney following. Strike runs into Rocco, who now has an arrest warrant for Strike, and runs into the precinct just as Rodney arrives.Rocco tries to intimidate Strike into confessing to the murder, but he loses his composure when Strike continues to change his story. When Rocco grabs Strike and throws him against the wall, Strike's mother walks in with Mazilli and Victor's wife. She advises Rocco that Victor confessed to the murder immediately when he got home, and how Victor was physically unable to leave his bed. Strike asks his mom what happened to the bail money he gave Victor's wife, which leads to Strike's mother angrily throwing the money in Strike's face.Meanwhile, Rodney proceeds to damage Strike's car, going as far as breaking the windows, damaging the doors and urinating in the car. Left with no other options and unable to go home, Strike asks Rocco to drive him to Penn Station.In a car, Rocco threatens to arrest Strike, then arrest Rodney on the same charges and ensure that Rodney and Strike share a cell and a bed in prison. Strike leaves town by train. While Tyrone is playing inside his apartment with the train set that Strike gave him, Rocco and Mazilli respond to the homicide of clocker Scientific. Victor is released from custody.
1268	Bitter Moon (1992)	Drama	British couple Nigel and Fiona Dobson are on a Mediterranean cruise ship to Istanbul en route to India. They encounter a beautiful young French woman, Mimi, and that night, Nigel chats briefly with her in the ship's bar after seeing her dancing alone. Later, Nigel meets her much older and disabled American husband, Oscar Benton, who is a failed writer—acerbic, cynical and jaded.Oscar invites Nigel to his cabin, where he tells Nigel in great detail how he and Mimi first met on a bus in Paris and fell passionately in love. Nigel relates all to Fiona. Both are appalled by Oscar's exhibitionism, but Nigel is also fascinated by Mimi, who provokes him. Oscar later narrates how they explored bondage, sadomasochism and voyeurism. As a contrast to their sexual adventurousness, Nigel and Fiona meet a distinguished Indian gentleman, Mr Singh, who is travelling with his little daughter Amrita.Invited by Mimi, Nigel, escaping from a bridge game, goes to meet her in her cabin, only to find that she and Oscar have played a prank on him. Nigel wants to leave, but another session unfolds, with Oscar describing how their love–hate relationship developed. Bored, he tried to break up, but Mimi begged him to let her live with him under any conditions. He complied, but started to explore sadistic fantasies at her expense, humiliating her in public. When Mimi became pregnant, he made her have an abortion, saying that he would be a terrible father. When he visited her in hospital, he was shocked by her condition and almost relented in his attempts to drive her away. He promised her a holiday in the Caribbean, but he got off the plane just before takeoff. Mimi departed alone, crying.Leaving Oscar's cabin, Nigel meets Mimi and they kiss. Afterwards, he finds Fiona in the bar flirting with a young man. She warns Nigel not to stray too far, and that anything he can do, she can do better. Nigel goes to Oscar, who continues his narration. After two years of parties and one-night stands, he drunkenly stepped in front of a vehicle by accident. To his surprise, Mimi came to visit him in the hospital where he was recovering from minor injuries and a fractured femur. Mimi shook hands with him, then pulled him out of his bed and left him hanging in his traction device, leaving him paraplegic. Oscar had no choice but to let Mimi move in with him again and take care of him. She revelled in dominating and humiliating him, seducing men in front of him. When Oscar was desperate and wanted to die, she gave him a gun as a birthday present. Having experienced highs and lows together, they realised they needed each other and actually got married.Nigel clumsily tries to woo Mimi, encouraged and coached by Oscar. Things come to a head at the New Year's Eve party, when Fiona catches them dancing together. Fiona tells him that Oscar had persuaded her to come to the party. She proceeds to dance seductively with Mimi, which culminates in a passionate kiss, cheered on by the other partygoers. A stormy sea interrupts the party and the two women leave together. Nigel goes outside clutching a bottle of liquor and screams his frustration into the wind and waves.Nigel finds Fiona in Oscar's cabin, sleeping naked beside Mimi. Oscar claims the women have had sex together. Nigel grabs his throat, but Oscar points a gun at him and he backs off. Oscar shoots the sleeping Mimi twice, then kills himself. While the bodies of Oscar and Mimi are being stretchered off the ship, Nigel and Fiona, shaken, embrace each other. Mr Singh encourages his little girl to comfort them.
1269	Love in the Afternoon (1957)	Comedy, Romance	Young  cello student Ariane Chavasse eavesdrops on a conversation between her father, Claude Chavasse, a widowed private detective who specializes in tracking unfaithful spouses, and his client, "Monsieur X". After Claude gives his client proof of his wife's daily trysts with American business magnate Frank Flannagan in Suite 14 of the Paris Ritz, Monsieur X announces he will shoot Flannagan later that evening. Claude is nonchalant, regretting only the business he will lose, since Flannagan is a well-known international playboy with a long history of casual affairs. When Ariane cannot get the Ritz to put her through to Flannagan on the phone, and the police decline to intervene until after a crime has been committed, she decides to warn him herself, and leaves for the hotel.When Monsieur X breaks into Flannagan's hotel suite, he finds Flannagan with Ariane, not his wife, who is cautiously making her escape via an outside ledge. Flannagan is intrigued by the mysterious girl, who refuses to give him any information about herself, even her name. He starts guessing her name from the initial "A" on her purse, and when she declines to tell him, he resorts to calling her "thin girl". She has no romantic history but pretends to be a femme fatale to interest him, and soon falls in love with the considerably older man. She agrees to meet him the next afternoon, withholding that she has orchestral practice in the evenings. She comes with mixed feelings, but spends the evening while waiting for him to leave for the airport.Ariane's father, who has tried unsuccessfully to protect her from knowing about the tawdry domestic-surveillance details in his files, notices her change of mood but has no idea that it proceeds from one of his cases.A year later, Flannagan returns to Paris and the Ritz. Ariane, who has kept track of Flannagan's womanizing exploits through the news media, meets him again when she sees him at an opera while surveying the crowd from a balcony. She puts herself in his path in the lobby, and they start seeing each other again. This time, when he persists in his questioning, she makes up a long list of prior imaginary lovers based on her father's files, later telling Flannagan that he is her 20th. Flannagan gradually goes from being amused to being jealously tormented by the possible comparisons, but is unsure whether they are real. When he encounters a still-apologetic Monsieur X, the latter recommends Claude to him, and thus Flannagan hires Ariane's own father to investigate.It does not take Claude long to realize that the mystery woman is Ariane. He goes to the Ritz, tells Flannagan her first name, informs his client that the girl fabricated her love life, and eventually tells him that Ariane is his daughter. He tells Flannagan that she is a "little fish" that he should throw back, since she is serious and he wants to avoid serious relationships.When Ariane comes to his hotel suite that afternoon, Flannagan is hurriedly packing to leave Paris, pretending to be on his way to meet "two crazy Swedish twins" in Cannes. At the train station, they both keep up their act of not caring deeply for each other, although Ariane sheds a few tears that she blames on the soot. As the train departs, Ariane runs along the platform and tells Flannagan, who stands in the coach's door, that she will soon travel with her many lovers. Running faster and faster as the train speeds up, her femme-fatale facade cracks, she frantically repeats "I'll be all right, I'll be all right", and her love shows through. Flannagan changes his mind, sweeps her up in his arms onto the coach, and before kissing her, calls her by her name, Ariane.In a voice-over, Claude reveals that the case came before a judge in Cannes on August 24, and they are now serving a life sentence in New York City.
1270	Life with Mikey (1993)	Comedy	Mikey Chapman is a former child star from a 1970s sitcom. Now a talent agent for child stars, Mikey discovers Angie Vega, a girl who pick-pockets for money and lives with her teenage sister and her boyfriend. Together, they try to hit it big and earn her a role on a series of television commercials.
1271	North (1994)	Comedy	Skilled in academics, sports, and drama, and praised for his good work and obedience, North feels unvalued by his own parents. One day, while finding solace in a living room display at a mall, he complains to the Easter Bunny—a man in a pink bunny suit—who recommends that North simply explain his feelings to them, but North says their neglect makes them undeserving. Aided and encouraged by his best friend Winchell, who works on the school paper, North plots to "divorce" his parents, hiring ambulance-chasing lawyer Arthur Belt to file the papers. The announcement greatly shocks his parents, leaving them unresponsive when Judge Buckle grants his petition, giving him one summer to find new parents or go to an orphanage.North's first stop is Texas, where his parental candidates, Ma and Pa Tex, promise to use their wealth to fulfill North's desires. In a musical number (set to the Bonanza theme), they explain that their first son, Buck, died in a stampede and they plan to use North to replace Buck, planning out his entire life in advance, including his future wife. They also place massive quantities of food on his dinner plate, hoping that he will eat as much as Buck did (as Pa Tex had earlier mentioned Buck's obesity to North, saying "he could eat more in one day than anyone else could eat in a whole month"). Gabby, a sharpshooting cowboy (also the man in the Easter Bunny suit), presents North with a souvenir from his act—a silver dollar with a bullet hole shot through its center—and notes that North is unhappy with the Texes because he wishes to be appreciated for who he is, not made into someone else, advising him to move on.His next stop is Hawaii, where Governor and Mrs. Ho, who cannot have biological children, are eager to adopt him. Believing that North's presence in Hawaii will attract mainlanders, the governor unveils a tourism campaign that references the classic Coppertone ad by showcasing North's bare buttocks, horrifying him. On the beach, a tourist with a metal detector (also the man in the bunny suit) explains to North that parents should not use children for personal gain.In an Inuit village in Alaska, North's prospective parents calmly send their elderly grandfather out to sea on an ice floe to die with dignity, disturbing him. As the long, dark winter arrives, he realizes that his summer is almost up. Meanwhile, his now-catatonic real parents are put in a museum display. His quest has inspired children worldwide to leave their parents and hire Arthur and Winchell, both now rich and powerful. North's next family is Amish, but the lack of conveniences quickly disappoints him. His experiences in Zaire, China, and Paris are equally fruitless. Finally, he finds the Nelsons, an ideal family who give him attention and appreciation, but he is still unsatisfied.In despair, North escapes to New York City, where Winchell and Arthur, fearing their lucrative business will fail, plot to assassinate him. On the run, he receives a videotape from his newly revived parents begging for his forgiveness and his return home. Standup comedian Joey Fingers (the same man in the bunny suit) encourages him. At the airport, a mob of kids who have followed his example confront him, angry about his returning to his parents, forcing him to ship himself home in a FedEx box. Recognizing the delivery driver from his other appearances, North asks if he is his guardian angel. The man denies meeting North, but as a FedEx representative, he resembles a guardian of important items.North is delivered to his house prior to the deadline, but as he runs toward his parents, Winchell's assassin Al takes aim. As he squeezes the trigger, North awakens in the now-empty mall. The Easter Bunny takes him home, where his parents, who have been worried during his absence, greet him warmly. It has all been a dream, but in his pocket, North discovers Gabby's silver dollar. North says he has always had it, "for good luck", and goes inside as his parents agree to bring him dinner in bed.
1272	Talking About Sex (1994)	Comedy, Drama	Skin: Talking About Sex, Class & Literature is a collection of essays written by award-winning author Dorothy Allison. Published in 1994, the book contains original essays as well as updated versions of essays that appeared in anthologies and magazines like New York Native, The Village Voice, and Forum. As the title suggests, Allison gives the reader her take on her difficult childhood, race- and class-based schisms within the lesbian community, feminism, pornography, sadomasochism, and the transcending effect that literature can have on children.
1273	Color of Night (1994)	Drama, Thriller	Dr. Bill Capa, a New York psychologist, falls into a deep depression after Michelle, an unstable patient, commits suicide in front of him by jumping from his office window. The sight of the bloody body clad in a bright green dress causes Bill to suffer from psychosomatic color blindness, taking away his ability to see the color red. Bill travels to Los Angeles to stay with a friend, fellow therapist Dr. Bob Moore, who invites him to sit in on a group therapy session. However, Bob is violently murdered in the office and Bill is plunged into the mystery of his friend's death.Lt. Hector Martinez considers everyone in Bob's therapy group, including Bill, as suspects in the murder. Bill continues to live in Bob's house and begins an affair with Rose, a beautiful but mysterious young woman who comes and goes.  Bill takes over the therapy group, which includes: Clark, a temperamental individual with OCD; Sondra, a nymphomaniac and kleptomaniac; Buck, a suicidal former police officer; Casey, who paints sado-masochistic images; and Richie, a 16-year old with gender dysphoria and a history of drug use.After Casey is murdered, Bill becomes the target of several attempts on his life. He discovers that all but one of his patients have been romantically involved with Rose. He eventually learns that "Richie" is really Rose, and the murders were the work of her deranged brother, Dale. They once had an actual brother named Richie, who hanged himself after being molested by his child psychiatrist Dr. Niedelmeyer, who also abused Dale.After Richie committed suicide, Dale abused Rose into playing the part of their brother. Rose began to re-emerge during therapy and, under another personality named "Bonnie", started relationships with the other patients. Dale proceeded to kill them, fearing that they would soon link Rose to Richie.Dale kidnaps Rose, and tries to kill Capa and Martinez with a nail gun when they arrive to rescue her. At the last moment, however, Rose frees herself and kills Dale. Deeply traumatized, she tries to commit suicide, but Capa convinces her to keep living. As they kiss, Capa regains the ability to see the color red.
1274	Robocop 3 (1993)	Sci-Fi, Thriller	Following the events of the first two films, the conglomerate Omni Consumer Products (OCP) have succeeded in their plan of acquiring the city of Detroit via bankruptcy but are now struggling. The Kanemitsu Corporation, which bought a controlling stake in OCP following the death of the old chairman, proceeds with his plan of building Delta City. Due to the armed resistance of old Detroit's residents by the construction and demotion, OCP creates a heavily armed private security force called the Urban Rehabilitators, nicknamed "Rehabs", under the command of Paul McDaggett, to force the residents of the now condemned Cadillac Heights out. During one forced relocation, Nikko Halloran, a young resident of Cadillac Heights who is skilled with computers, is separated from her parents, and falls in with The Resistance who use her computer skills to raid OCP facilities. RoboCop and his partner Anne Lewis try to defend civilians from the Rehabs one night, but McDaggett kills Lewis. Unable to fight back because of his "Fourth Directive" programming RoboCop is saved by Nikko and The Resistance and joins them. Because he was severely damaged during the shoot-out, RoboCop asks the resistance to summon Dr. Marie Lazarus, an OCP engineer that worked on him. Lazarus, disgruntled with OCP, quits and agrees to help. Lazarus reprograms him, deleting the Fourth Directive in the process. During an earlier raid on an armory, The Resistance acquired a jet-pack prototype, originally intended for RoboCop's use, which Lazarus modifies and upgrades for RoboCop to use. After recovering from his injuries, RoboCop assists The Resistance in their campaign against the Rehabs and OCP. He finds McDaggett and attempts to subdue him. However, McDaggett successfully escapes and obtains information from disgruntled resistance member Coontz about the location of the resistance fighters' base. Kanemitsu dispatches ninja androids called "Otomo" to assist McDaggett against the resistance and RoboCop. Due to Coontz tipping off McDaggett, The Rehabs find, attack, and kill most of The Resistance including its leader, Bertha, while they capture Dr. Lazarus. When RoboCop returns to the destroyed and empty resistance base, an Otomo unit arrives and attacks him. While Otomo severely damages RoboCop by destroying his left arm and auto gun, he manages to destroy the Otomo with his arm-mounted gun. Nikko infiltrates the OCP building and assists a captured Lazarus in broadcasting an improvised video, revealing OCP as responsible for forcibly removing and killing Old Detroit's residents. The broadcast causes OCP's stock to plunge causing financial ruin for the company.McDaggett decides to execute an all-out strike against Cadillac Heights with the help of the Detroit Police, but the police officers, enraged at OCP following Lazarus's broadcast, instead defect to The Resistance, escalating the rebellion against OCP into a full-scale war. As a result, McDaggett turns to recruiting the Splatterpunk gang to assist with his plans. During the battle between The Resistance, the Police, and McDaggett's forces, RoboCop flies in using his jetpack and destroys the remainder of The Rehabs and McDaggett's men. He then flies to OCP's headquarters and confronts the waiting McDaggett who activates a small fusion bomb sent by Kanemitsu as a last resort. RoboCop is then attacked and nearly defeated by two Otomo robots. Nikko and Lazarus succeed in reprogramming them using a wireless link from a laptop computer, having them attack each other. Realizing the bomb is about to detonate, RoboCop rescues and flees with Nikko and Lazarus. The flaming discharge from the jetpack immobilizes McDaggett, leaving him to perish in the blast.As Old Detroit is being cleaned up, Kanemitsu arrives and finally comes face to face with RoboCop and his allies, while his translator tells the OCP CEO on Kanemitsu's behalf that he is fired. Kanemitsu then bows to RoboCop and the group in respect. The fired OCP CEO compliments RoboCop and asks for his name, to which he responds, "My friends call me Murphy. You call me RoboCop."
1275	Killer (Bulletproof Heart) (1994)	Thriller	The events of the film take place over the course of one night. The storyline follows Mick (Anthony LaPaglia), a cold-blooded, disinterested, existential hitman who is assigned the task of killing a woman that has stiffed Mick's boss George (Peter Boyle) $650,000. At first Mick is reluctant in accepting the job, but is later assured by George that the job will be easy, as the woman has accepted her fate.After accepting the job, Mick's friend Archie (Matt Craven) begs to accompany him. Mick hesitates because Archie previously made a mistake in the last job and nearly cost George and Mick their lives. After much discussion, Mick accepts Archie's company.When Mick arrives at the woman's house, he finds Fiona (Mimi Rogers) is expecting him. She ushers her guests from the party she is hosting, and invites Mick inside. Fiona's cool demeanour both surprises and impresses Mick. She soon has Mick tied to her bed, where the two engage in sadistic intercourse. Mick finds the pain Fiona inflicts on him arousing, and her ability to pleasure him is incomparable to other women Mick has slept with. As the two are dressing, Fiona dismisses Mick's performance, and they head downstairs to where Archie is waiting for them.The more time they spend together, the less Mick is willing to kill Fiona. Feeling conflicted, Mick calls George demanding the severity of Fiona's crime and questioning the need for the hit. Ending his phone call with George, he returns to the car determined to finish the job, but with no rush.Fiona suggests the three grab Chinese food, and head to the cemetery for a picnic. There, Fiona experiences a psychotic episode, and falls into a schizophrenic state. Mick rushes Fiona to a psychiatrist (Joseph Maher), who informs Mick that Fiona has an incurable mental illness that will most certainly soon destroy her. Torn, Mick takes Fiona to the shipping docks to finish the job, but finds he cannot bring himself to carry through.When George arrives, he and Mick begin to argue once more over the need to complete the job. As the two are arguing, Fiona convinces Archie to kill her. Mick is left devastated.
1276	Sunset Park (1996)	Drama	Phyllis Saroka is a P.E. teacher at Sunset Park High School in New York City, who reads a flyer that her school is looking for a new boys basketball coach. Looking for more money to pursue opening a restaurant on St. Croix, Virgin Islands, she decides to give the job a shot despite knowing nothing of basketball. She contacts the correct people and is given the job.She shows up for her first day on the job and the team is already skeptical of her. When she walks in, she lets basketball players run the team, calling their own fouls, running their own plays, and basically allowing them to be carefree. During a game, she makes some bad decisions which irks some of the players on the team. This inspires her to learn more about the game with the assistance of her players. They help her and the team begins to slowly find success.The team also has to deal with outside forces that threaten the team. Tyrik "Shorty Doo-Wop" Russell is on probation and eventually gets into more trouble. Spaceman is also on probation, is constantly using drugs, and has trouble with a teacher. Busy-bee got shot during the season and misses several games.Several other players are having academic trouble and some don't even get along with each other. The team also find out that the coach only plans to stay with them one season and then leave to open a restaurant.The team eventually comes together despite their differences and troubles. They end up with very successful season, and get into the city championship. They go to Madison Square Garden to face their opponent (Washington Heights) and lose by a small margin. Afterward, the coach informs them that they should be proud of themselves and that she will return next season.
1277	Set It Off (1996)	Action, Crime	Los Angeles bank teller Francesca "Frankie" Sutton is fired after a robbery, because she recognized one of the robbers from her Southern Californian neighborhood; investigating, Detective Strode falsely implicates her as an inside accomplice. Frankie is forced to take a menial job at Luther's Janitorial Services with her three best friends, Lida "Stony" Newsom, Cleopatra "Cleo" Sims, and Tisean "T.T." Williams. The owner, Luther, treats them with disrespect and pays them paltry wages.Tired of being mistreated, Frankie plans to commit a bank robbery with her friends. Cleo agrees, but Stony and T.T. are reluctant. Then Stevie, Stony's younger brother, is gunned down by the police after being mistakenly identified as one of the robbers. Meanwhile, T.T.'s son is taken away from her by Child Protective Services, after he is accidentally poisoned at her workplace (T.T. had brought him with her, because she couldn't afford a babysitter). In view of all this, T.T. and Stony agree to join the robbery.While casing a bank with T.T., Stony hits it off with Keith Weston...the bank's manager. He and Stony begin dating. The four women embark on a series of successful bank robberies due to Frankie's inside knowledge of bank protocol with money and security. An investigation by the LAPD ensues. Detective Strode suspects that Cleo (because of her prior convictions), Frankie (because of her inadvertent connection to the earlier robbery and subsequent firing) and Stony (because of her brother's death) are involved. Yet he is unable to bring any of them in, since Frankie's careful planning has left him without sufficient evidence.Concerned with the safety of their money, the four women stash the loot in an air vent at one of their work sites. Then Cleo, Frankie, and T.T. discover they have a new boss overseeing their janitorial work. They realize that Luther has discovered the loot and fled with it. Stony attends a banking event with Keith, and they end the night with sex. The other three women track Luther to a motel, and find him sleeping with a prostitute. When the threesome demand that he return their stolen money, Luther instead threatens them with a gun; T.T. shoots him dead. Cleo is brought in by Detective Strode for questioning about Luther's murder, but she intimidates the prostitute into not identifying her. When Stony discovers what has happened, she becomes disillusioned with her three partners. The foursome agree to skip town after pulling one more heist.The women plan to rob the Downtown Federal Bank: the city’s largest, where Keith works. Concerned for Keith's safety, and not wanting him to know she's a bank robber, Stony asks him to meet her at a café on the far side of town. The four women pull off the robbery, stealing more money than they planned to. Detective Strode and his partner arrive on the scene and order the robbers to surrender. Just as T.T. is about to do so, a bank security guard shoots and mortally wounds her from behind. The guard, in turn, is gunned down by Stony. Enraged, Cleo opens fire to cover their escape. As they flee, T.T. dies in Stony's arms. The three surviving robbers, unable to outrun the police, split up. Cleo tells Stony and Frankie to keep her and T.T.'s shares of the stolen money.Cleo leads the police on a high-speed chase until she is cornered, then wrecks her car by crashing through a police barricade. She is finally killed when she engages in a shootout with police, much to the dismay of her lesbian-girlfriend Ursula, who has been watching the entire chase on TV. Meanwhile, Detective Strode locates Frankie and demands that she surrender. Instead she sticks a gun in Strode's face, and reminds him of how he was a catalyst for this situation in the first place. Turning away from Strode, she is shot and killed from behind by his men. Stony, who has successfully blended in with a tourist group heading to Mexico, tearfully watches Frankie's death from a passing charter bus. Detective Strode sees her from a distance but, out of guilt for his prior actions, lets her leave.In Mexico, Stony cuts off her hair. She mourns the deaths of her brother and three friends. Then she calls Keith, both to assure him that she's all right and to thank him. He smiles. Stony drives off with half of the money from her and her friends' bank spree.
1278	Selena (1997)	Drama, Musical	The film opens backstage at the Astrodome in Houston, Texas, on February 26, 1995, right before Tejano superstar Selena plays to a sold-out crowd ("Disco Medley").In 1961, young Abraham Quintanilla and his band "The Dinos" are rejected by a restaurant owner after an audition in Texas. They perform for a Mexican-American nightclub, but a riot ensues when they do not perform the audience's preferred Tejano music, but rather American pop ("Blue Moon").Twenty years later, Abraham is married to Marcella Samora, with three children: son A.B., and daughters Suzette and Selena. Discovering Selena's singing talent, Abraham creates the band "Selena y Los Dinos", her as lead singer, A.B. on bass, and Suzette on drums. Initially reluctant, the children enjoy making music ("We Belong Together"). Moving to Corpus Christi, Texas, the band goes on the road to support the family. After lackluster reception at a carnival, Selena begins adding more dance and personality into her acts. The band's success grows following local performances. In 1989, Selena reveals her bustier during a carnival performance ("Baila Esta Cumbia"), angering Abraham due to its sexually suggestive nature.In 1990, Chris Pérez auditions as the guitarist. Abraham disapproves of his heavy metal style but hires him after he agrees to cut his hair. Then Selena and Chris eventually fall in love. In 1992, when Chris' former band members trash a hotel suite, Abraham threatens to fire him. A.B. pleads with him to reconsider, mentioning he is needed for their upcoming tour in Mexico. Promoters worry when they realize Selena does not speak Spanish well, but her personality and care for her fans win everyone over. A show almost goes awry when the huge crowd rushes the stage and it buckles ("La Carcacha"). Selena calms them down with a joyous performance ("Como la Flor") and is accepted as an "artist for the people" in Mexico.After catching Selena hugging Chris on the tour bus, an apoplectic Abraham fires Chris, leaving Selena heartbroken, and threatens to disband the group if Selena follows him. Eventually on April 2, 1992, Selena insists that Chris marry her, stating that Abraham will never willingly accept their relationship, and they elope at the Nueces County courthouse. The day after a radio station announces their marriage, Abraham tells Selena he is proud of her maturity, having realized that he was too harsh on her and Chris. The Quintanilla's congratulate them, accept Chris into their family, and rehire him as the guitarist.In 1994, José Behar and music executives from EMI Latin attend a Selena concert ("Bidi Bidi Bom Bom"/"No Me Queda Más") and offer her the chance to record an English-language album, showing that she has successfully broken-down cultural barriers. Selena opens her first Selena Etc. boutique and asks her fan club president Yolanda Saldívar to manage it. Her live album wins a Grammy for Best Mexican American album, so her staff chip in to get her a celebratory gift. After claiming she knows the perfect gift and suggesting they give her all of the money to buy it, Yolanda gives Selena a ring resembling the Faberge eggs but does not mention it was a group present. Selena begins recording her crossover album ("I Could Fall In Love") and she and Chris plan to start a family together.One night, Abraham tells Selena fans are upset as they paid to join her fan club but received nothing. Other funds that Yolanda has been handling cannot be accounted for, and vital business records are missing. Summoned to Q-Productions and confronted by Abraham, Selena, and Suzette, Yolanda denies wrongdoing and says she will find the missing documents. While on the road Selena talks to her mother about being accepted in the English-speaking market with the upcoming crossover album and tour as well as possibly starting a family ("Dreaming of You"). On March 31, 1995, Selena is fatally shot offscreen by Yolanda, who then ends up in a standoff into the night with police and negotiation units. The Quintanilla-Pérez family mourns Selena's death, while a candlelight vigil is held by her fans.
1279	Wild America (1997)	Adventure, Children's	  In the summer of 1967, Marshall Stouffer is chased in Fort Smith, Arkansas, by his two older brothers, Mark and Marty; the brothers love using Marshall to film him in stunts, which he dislikes. Occasionally, Marty and Mark will show footage of their antics in their garage to all their friends. Marshall repeatedly and secretly gets even with his brothers by pulling revenge pranks of his own, like cleaning the toilet with his brothers' toothbrushes and filling their canteens with downstream river water into which they had been urinating.Mark and Marty have a dream of filming dangerous animals around the country, and the dream starts when they find a rare, special camera in a shop where they have their films developed. Despite their father Marty Sr.'s insistence that they cannot afford the camera, he relents after their mother, Agnes, says she will give them her Hawaii "vacation" money that she has been saving for several years. Marty and Mark purchase the camera & begin planning their trip. Their father is against this idea.The three brothers start camping. First, they miss a shot at catching an eagle, then they go to film some alligators, and start by seeing a man who was attacked by an alligator. As they go in a swamp on a boat, Mark throws some bait, but it lands in the trees. Trying to retrieve it, his clothing gets stuck in a branch underwater and he starts to drown. Marshall and Marty drive the boat and try to save him, but it crashes into another branch, which sends Marshall flying into the water. Marshall gets a knife from Marty and cuts Mark loose, but Marshall is now dealing with a bigger problem: he and the alligator are face to face. However, Marshall is able to get back on the boat in time. When they get back to the hut, the alligator man (Strango) tells them about how back when he served in the Korean War, he befriended a fellow soldier named Phil. Strango and Phil would exchange stories about their wilderness adventures. Strango would talk about hunting alligators and Phil would tell tall tales about bears. This rouses Marty's attention and he asks about it. Strango states that Phil was talking about a cave full of hundreds of bears somewhere "out west".The boys drive northwest until they reach Devil's Playground in Colorado, "the last home of the wild American wolf." Devil's Playground is located on government protected land. They catch footage of a wolf creeping up on a doe. Then, as the wolf is about to ambush the doe, there is a series of explosions. The brothers look up and see two F-4 Phantoms flying overhead. The pilots see the brothers and turn around, firing missiles at them, eventually hitting a giant boulder knocking the three down. As they get up, a herd of wild horses comes thundering towards them. They get in the truck just in time to film it. When the horses pass, Marshall sees an owl that looks a lot like his owl Leona. The three follow it and discover a cave. On the wall of the cave is an ancient Indian drawing of a cave filled with bear-shaped figures. Marty and Mark draw it on Marshall's chest and show it to an old Native American woman. The woman tells them that it is located near Arapaho Peak in Montana.After a strange man saves Marshall after going down the stream, he too tells the brothers about the cave and where it is. During the journey, they meet a woman whose husband was killed by bears. When returning to their van, they discovered they had been robbed, but they still got the film. Mark breaks his leg after getting into a fight with Marty. Despite his injury, they continue seeking the bear cave. Upon discovering it, they begin filming while the bears are asleep, but the bears wake after some bat guano lands on one of the photography lamps. Luckily, the brothers know a song that puts the bears to sleep, allowing the brothers to escape with the camera. Upon returning home, Marshall learns his father never flew the plane and things start going downhill when the brothers' father gets injured and is in the hospital, causing the boys and their mother to do the work on their own.The next day, Marshall flies the plane, but Leon jumps in and helps. After flying it, his father ends up being impressed with him. Later, they display their film at the school gym, and everyone claps, but when their adversarial affiliate DC makes a rude comment, their dad begins to applaud, having the crowd cheer and clap. DC, who had always been a "devil's advocate" from the beginning, becomes the only one who wants his money back, which he gets from Marty Sr., while everyone else compliments all of the brothers. Marshall and his father smile at each other.
1280	Gang Related (1997)	Crime	Vice squad detectives Frank Divinci and Jake Rodriguez set up narcotics runner Lionel Hudd in a bogus drug trafficking deal at a motel. They murder Hudd and pocket his money. Having recovered the cocaine Hudd purchased from them, the detectives return both that and the murder weapon, a customized .44 magnum, to the evidence room at their headquarters. Divinci and Rodriguez learn that Hudd was actually a deep cover DEA agent when his partner, Richard Simms, visits their precinct to investigate Hudd's murder. The two detectives resolve to find someone they can frame for Hudd's murder. The detectives choose a homeless drunk named Joe Doe, and trick him into confessing to the crime. Needing a witness, Divinci and Rodriguez press stripper Cynthia Webb, with whom Divinci has been cheating on his wife, into picking Joe out of a police lineup. It turns out Joe is actually William Dane McCall, a physician hailing from a wealthy family, who has been missing and presumed dead for years. The family's lawyers, Arthur Baylor and Eliott Goff, are selected to defend him. At McCall's trial, he is  shown to be innocent. The case falls apart and McCall is released, while Webb is jailed for perjury.Sitting in a car, Rodriguez records a conversation with Divinci in which the latter admits to killing Hudd and framing McCall. When he learns that Rodriguez has done this, he forces Rodriguez out of the car at gunpoint. Returning to his apartment, Rodriguez is confronted by his bookie Vic and his bodyguard, Mr. Cutlass Supreme, who murder Rodriguez over an outstanding gambling debt. Investigating Rodriguez's death, the police find the damaged tape of Divinci's confession. Baylor questions Webb about Hudd's murder, playing back the plan by Divinci to kill her as a loose end. Webb tells Baylor everything she knows about Divinci's crimes. Divinci hides out in Webb's apartment and shoots her for betraying him. Webb is rushed to the hospital, where Doctor McCall learns of her shooting. Divinci arranges for a limousine ride to the airport. The driver is revealed to be recently-acquitted serial killer Clyde David Dunner, who murders Divinci and then abandons the limousine in an alley.
1281	Manny & Lo (1996)	Drama	Two sisters, 11-year-old Amanda (nicknamed Manny) and 15-year-old Laurel (nicknamed Lo), run away from several foster homes after the death of their mother, sleeping wherever they can, including in model homes. But when Lo realizes she's pregnant, the two find that they can't make it through this crisis on their own. With nowhere else to turn, they decide to kidnap Elaine, a clerk at a baby supply store. But it seems that Elaine just may need Manny and Lo as much as they need her.
1282	Grass Harp, The (1995)	Drama	In a small 1930s Alabama town, Collin Fenwick is sent to live with his father's maiden cousins—the sweet Dolly and the overbearing Verena—following the death of his mother. He soon discovers that the Talbo household is anything but normal. After also losing his father, Collin grows to be close with Dolly and housekeeper Catherine, and becomes acquainted with the eccentric townspeople, from the gossip-loving barber to a traveling evangelist with 15 illegitimate offspring. To escape Verena's oppression, Dolly, Collin and Catherine run away to an old treehouse in the woods. Their rebellion sparks a series of events that changes their lives, as well as the entire town.
1283	Out to Sea (1997)	Comedy	Compulsive gambler Charlie Gordon cons his brother-in-law, widower Herb Sullivan, whose wife Susie was Charlie's sister, to take an all expenses-paid luxury Holland America Mexican cruise. The catch, which Charlie does not reveal to Herb until the ship has left port, is that they are required to work as dance hosts. They must sleep in a cramped cabin in the bowels of the ship, and if they do not dance, they will be fired and have to pay nearly $3,000 (actually more than $5,000) for the cruise or get thrown off the ship.Ruled by tyrannical, control-freak cruise director Gil Godwyn, they do their best, despite Charlie's failed dance. Each meets a lady of interest. One is the luscious heiress Liz LaBreche, whose wealth attracts Charlie as much as her beauty, although her wealth isn't real. The other is lovely widow Vivian, who was a successful book editor and who is under the impression that Herb is really a doctor, not a dancer.Vivian came aboard on the ship with her daughter and newlywed husband to help her start dating again. After finally telling her the truth, Herb is soon attracted to Vivian, and eventually, the feeling becomes mutual. However, Herb is still very much in love with Susie, which conflicts with his growing feelings for Vivian, leading him to stand her up on the day when they were supposed to view a solar eclipse. Charlie does not know that Liz is broke and came on board the ship to land a rich man.Charlie drags the ship owner Mrs. Carruthers across the dance floor in a clumsy manner, yet this surprisingly pleases Mrs. Carruthers. Charlie arranges for Mrs. Carruthers to meet Gil in the latter's room under different circumstances, him thinking that he is about to get a big promotion, and her thinking that he is romantically interested in her. This was arranged to enable Charlie to continue his charade, and so that he and Liz could spend the night together.During the eclipse, Charlie and Liz propose to each other and make plans to immediately get married. Liz's mom is ecstatic to having landed a rich guy, yet Liz has lost interest in how much money that Charlie has and is genuinely falling in love with him. However, Gil, deducing that Charlie was in his room, busts him in front of Liz and her mother, who promptly dump him and decide to leave the cruise. They make their getaway with Vivian on a plane.Herb decides against starting a new relationship with Vivian until Charlie reminds him that Susie was his sister long before she was Herb's wife, emphasizing that Susie would never want Herb to spend the rest of his life alone and sad. Herb and Charlie, both realizing that they are really in love with the women, decide to pursue them.Herb and Charlie prepare to launch a lifeboat to get off the ship, but Gil finds them and Herb finally stands up to him. This triggers Gil, who goes on a tirade as Herb and Charlie leave. However, Mrs. Carruthers is there with two other dance hosts and hears him say disparaging remarks about her. She promptly fires him, calling him an "asshole", and gives his job to one of the other dance hosts.Herb and Charlie find the plane trying to fly and direct all to return. They ignite a flare that Vivian sees, and it reminds him of a story that he told her. The plane lands, and everyone tells the truth about everything. Charlie and Liz continue dating, but Charlie wins some money in a poker game from a guy who had impressed Liz. Herb and Vivian are together as well.
1284	Before and After (1996)	Drama, Mystery	In a small Western Massachusetts town, Dr. Carolyn Ryan and her sculptor husband Ben live with their two children Jacob and Judith. Their world is shattered when Sheriff Fran Conklin tells them that Martha Taverner has been killed and witnesses saw Jacob with her just before she died. When he asks to speak with Jacob, the family realizes that he's not in his room as they thought. Fran asks to look at Jacob's car, but Ben refuses. When Fran asks Judith where Jacob is, Ben demands the sheriff get a warrant.When Fran leaves, Ben inspects Jacob's car, finding a pair of gloves and a car jack with blood on them. Ben burns the gloves, cleans the jack and tosses it with his art materials before the police return. When he tells Carolyn what he has done, she is afraid that Ben may have destroyed evidence that could help them find Jacob, as she is fearful that a maniac may have killed both Martha and her son. The Ryans plaster the town with signs trying to find Jacob, but the town ostracizes them, assuming Jacob is a murderer.Postcards start to arrive from Jacob. Over the course of five weeks, he sends postcards from all over the country. Carolyn is convinced that he's been kidnapped and wants to alert the police. Ben remains wary of disclosing anything, insisting they must keep the postcards a secret. Eventually Jacob is caught in Boston and brought back home to stand trial. For the first several days, he is catatonic, only speaking aloud to enter his plea at the arraignment.Jacob speaks to Judith in their treehouse when she asks him if he really traveled all over the country. He explained that he would take the train to the Boston airport once a week and press the postcards on people who were headed to the cities on the cards. He would explain that he had just returned from a vacation there but had forgotten to mail the postcards to his parents, and he did not want them to think he'd forgotten them. The travelers would mail the cards for him when they arrived at their destination.The family receives a harassing phone call from one of the townspeople. Ben bitterly mocks the caller and offers an impassioned defense of his son. Touched by his father's sincerity, Jacob opens up and explains what happened: he had been fighting with Martha when she revealed that she was pregnant, in addition to the fact that she had been sleeping with several other boys. They made up, but while they made love in Jacob's car, they got snowed in. Unable to free the car through a variety of methods, they decided to try to jack one end of the car up while they packed snow under the other end. Their fight reignited and got violent. Martha swung a crowbar at Jacob and missed him by an inch. He charged at her, knocking her to the ground. She landed face first on the jack and was killed. Ben decides that it is best to not reveal the truth. He coaches Jacob on a different version of the story, which they tell to their lawyer, but the plan goes awry when Ben is deposed by the grand jury and realizes that there is no father-son privilege which exempts him from testifying. When Carolyn is called to testify, she reveals the truth. Jacob's lawyer is incensed, but he explains that he will simply treat Carolyn as a hostile witness and her testimony will amount to hearsay, since it conflicts with Jacob's account of the events.When Ben discovers what Carolyn has done, he is furious. A family argument ensues and in the morning, Jacob is missing again. He turns up at the police station, where he has given a full confession. As a minor, he needs his parents to sign his confession. Ben refuses, explaining that he could never sign anything that took Jacob away from him.Jacob is sentenced to five years for involuntary manslaughter, but is released after only 2 years with probation, and Ben is sentenced to almost one year for his cover up. The family relocates to Miami.
1285	Princess Caraboo (1994)	Drama	In Regency England, an exotically dressed woman is found in the fields, speaking a language no-one can understand. She ends up at the home of the Worrall family, the local gentry.Their Greek butler, Frixos, thinks the woman is a fraud from the start. Mr Worrall sends her to the magistrate to be tried for vagrancy, but Mrs Worrall agrees to care for her.  Mr Gutch, a local printer and newspaper reporter, takes an interest in the case, especially after the woman claims via mime to be  Princess Caraboo.Gutch talks to the farm workers who found her and learns she had a book from the Magdalene Hospital in London on her. When the Worralls leave on a trip the servants inspect her for a tattoo, which they believe all natives of the South Seas have and are shocked to find Princess Caraboo has one on her thigh.Frixos tells Gutch he now thinks Princess Caraboo's a genuine princess. Mr Worrall uses her presence to recruit investors for the spice trade which will be facilitated by her when she returns to her native land. Gutch brings in Professor Wilkinson, a linguist who is initially dismissive of Caraboo's story but has enough doubt to refuse to say she is a fraud.The local society finds Princess Caraboo fascinating, and they flock to attend parties and soirees with her. Mr Gutch begins investigating people connected with the Magdalene House. Lady Apthorpe takes Caraboo to a ball held for the Prince Regent, who is fascinated by her.Gutch learns Caraboo is actually Mary Baker, who worked as a servant for Mrs Peake. He sneaks into the ball to warn her she's been found out, but she refuses to acknowledge what he tells her. Mrs Peake comes and confronts Caraboo and identifies her as Mary Baker. She is locked up.The local magistrate and Mr Worrall want to hang her. Mrs Worrall gives M. Gutch documents implicating her husband and the magistrate in a bank fraud. He uses these to work a trade, he will bury the story if Mary Baker can go to America. Gutch, who has fallen in love with Mary, leaves with her for the United States.
1286	Shall We Dance? (1937)	Comedy, Musical, Romance	Peter P. Peters is an amiable American ballet dancer billed as "Petrov", who cultivates a public image of being a serious, demanding and temperamental Russian, though his employer knows the truth.  Peters dances for a ballet company in Paris owned by the bumbling Jeffrey Baird.  Baird secretly never wants to blend classical ballet with modern jazz dancing because he thinks it does not look very professional.When Peters sees a photo of famous tap dancer Linda Keene, he falls in love with her. He contrives to meet her (as "Petrov"), but she is less than impressed. They meet again on an ocean liner traveling back to New York, and Linda warms to Petrov. Their interactions spark a tabloid campaign that they are (or are perhaps not) married. Unknown to them, their associates create a publicity stunt, staging bedroom pictures of the two together captured using a lifelike wax figurine for Keene and a cluelessly asleep Peters and giving them to the press to "prove" their marriage. Believing it was Peters' idea to force her into marrying him to preserve her reputation, she is outraged, and in spite immediately becomes engaged to the bumbling Jim Montgomery. This sets off both Peters and Arthur Miller, her manager, who secretly launches more fake publicity.Peters (who by now has revealed his true identity) and Keene, unable to squelch the rumor, decide to secretly marry to avoid the scandal these forged bedroom pictures will create if they don't wed, and then immediately get divorced. Linda begins to fall in love with Peters, but then accidentally discovers him with another woman, and leaves before he can explain that she was an old flame, Lady Denise Tarrington, unaware of his marriage and still pursuing him. Later, when Keene comes to his new show to personally serve him divorce papers, she sees him dancing with dozens of women all wearing masks with her face on them: Peters has decided that if he cannot dance with Linda, he will dance with images of her. Seeing that he truly loves her, she happily joins him dancing onstage.
1287	Ed (1996)	Comedy	Jack "Deuce" Cooper is a farm boy who arrives at an open tryout for a minor league baseball team. He makes the team after blowing away the scouts with his 'rocket' arm as well as having a strong training camp. Deuce also befriends a chimpanzee, Ed, after being told the chimp is his roommate and teammate. After they move into their apartment, Deuce develops a relationship Lydia his neighbor. Ed becomes very close with her Elizabeth, her daughter. Deuce's game really begins to take off as well as Ed's and the team becomes a league contender. Deuce's coach, Chubb, thinks Deuce can play in the major leagues. But after the owners sell Ed to make a buck, Deuce takes matters into his own hands and goes to find Ed only to see him being tortured by a pair of goons. Deuce saves Ed but Ed escapes and finds a truck of frosted bananas and does not realize he is stuck inside. Ed ends up in the hospital after almost freezing to death before the final game. Deuce questions his own ability to continue playing without his best friend. Deuce ends up playing and struggles. But when Ed, Elizabeth, and Lydia arrive at the game together, Deuce turns up the heat and the Rockets win. Deuce eventually gets called up to the Dodgers. Deuce and Lydia get married and them and Ed and Elizabeth become a family.
1288	Denise Calls Up (1995)	Comedy	Linda wakes up one morning to her ringing phone. Her friend, Gale wants to know how her party went last night. To her dismay, Linda tells her that no one showed up, "not a one."  Thus begins Denise Calls Up, the story of seven friends living in New York City who no longer find it necessary to actually meet face to face due to the new age of the internet and wireless phones. But Gale is less upset about the absolute absenteeism, than about the fact that her friend Barbara never got to meet Jerry. Gale has been trying to set them up.  So she calls Barbara, chastising her for not making it to Linda's and goading her into meeting Jerry. After protesting that she's just been too busy, Barbara eventually acquiesces. Meanwhile, Denise, who has gotten pregnant by an anonymous sperm insemination, locates the donor, Martin, and decides to call him. And so it goes, as the characters, via phone and fax, duck and miss each other time after time, using one excuse after the other to avoid meetings, births, and even a funeral until, finally, Frank, determined to finally get everyone together, plans a New Year's Eve party.  All swear that they will be there.
1289	Jack and Sarah (1995)	Romance	Jack and Sarah are expectant parents, renovating their home for their soon-to-be expanding family. One night, Jack falls and bangs his head. He wakes in hospital to find that Sarah has died after giving birth to their daughter. Grief-stricken, Jack rejects fatherhood, leaving the baby girl in the care of his parents and Sarah's mother.During this time, Jack relies heavily on drink, and befriends a homeless alcoholic man in a nearby skip. Knowing Jack needs to get back into his life, Jack's father decides to introduce Jack to his daughter by placing the child in bed next him as he sleeps off another all-night bender. The three grandparents then wait in Jack's kitchen until he wakes. Initially overcome by the child and feeling sabotaged, Jack bonds with his daughter. He quickly becomes a doting father as he continues to mourn the loss of his wife. In honour of his wife, Jack names the child Sarah.Fatherhood comes naturally to Jack, but he struggles with balancing raising his daughter, house renovation construction, and with his day-time job. In an odd turn of events, the homeless man from the skip comes to visit and Jack offers him work around the house. William, once sober, proves to be a remarkably efficient babysitter and housekeeper. William and Sarah's grandparents are often present to help Jack, Jack realises that he needs is a full-time live-in nanny to care for Sarah. Unfortunately, the interview process finds candidates who are cold or detached or just plain strange, much to Jack and the grandparents' dismay.In a chance outing at a restaurant with Sarah, Jack encounters the waitress Amy, an American living in London. Amy instantly takes a shine to Sarah and Sarah to her, and Jack offers her the nanny position on the spot. Within the week, Amy moves into Jack and Sarah's house and begins her new job caring for Sarah.Although Amy clashes with William and the grandparents, especially Jack's mother, Margaret, Jack and Amy gradually grow closer—but Jack's boss has also taken an interest in him.
1290	Country Life (1994)	Drama, Romance	Country Life (stylised in all caps) is a British weekly perfect-bound glossy magazine, launched in 1897, that is published by Future plc. It was based in London at 110 Southwark Street until 2016, when moved to Farnborough, Hampshire. In 2022, the magazine moved back to London at 121–141 Westbourne Terrace, Paddington.
1291	Celtic Pride (1996)	Comedy	Best friends for life, physical education teacher Mike O'Hara and plumber Jimmy Flaherty are united by their love of Boston and its sports teams, especially the Boston Celtics, who are playing their last season in the old Boston Garden. When the Celtics drop Game 6 of the NBA Finals to the Utah Jazz, setting up a deciding Game 7 in Boston, Mike and Jimmy find themselves depressed and hopeless. On top of all this, Mike has moved back in with Jimmy after his wife Carol, fed up with his unhealthy obsession with the Celtics, left him and took their son Tommy with her.Jimmy and Mike stumble upon the Jazz's selfish, arrogant shooting guard Lewis Scott at a Boston nightclub. Hoping at first to get him so drunk that he will be hungover for Game 7, Mike and Jimmy pose as Utah fans. However, the pair get more than they bargained for when the next morning they end up kidnapping Scott after he wakes up at Jimmy's apartment. The two decide to hold Scott until after the game, reasoning that if they are going to prison, they might as well help the Celtics win in the meantime.Scott derides them for being washed-up losers and insinuates Mike (who had played college ball but was not good enough to go professional) is only after him because he is jealous of Scott's fame and ability. Mike, on the other hand, berates Scott for his behavior on and off the court, including starring in a campy Oscar Mayer hot dog commercial, skipping practices, and disrespecting his teammates. Scott attempts to turn Jimmy against Mike and manages to free himself, only to be foiled by an antagonistic cabbie and a local cop, Kevin, both fellow Celtics fans.  Ultimately, Mike challenges Scott to a game of one-on-one; the canny Scott is able to subdue him and Jimmy with Jimmy's gun. Before he runs off, Scott presents the pair with a dilemma: they must root for him and the Jazz to win, or he will turn them both in to the police. Mike reconciles with his wife and son, knowing he might be going to prison, and Jimmy says goodbye to his grandmother. At the game, the two convince the other Celtics fans they are only pretending to root for the Jazz to jinx them, and the first half ends with the Celtics leading. Mike, who knows the Jazz are losing because Scott refuses to pass the ball, gives him a pep talk from the stands, and Utah closes the gap to one point with a little over 7 seconds remaining.With one play left and the Jazz seemingly on the verge of defeat, Mike and Jimmy choose life over the Celtics, rooting for Utah and rushing the court after they win. Approached by Kevin, who earlier ignored his cries for help, Scott denies Mike and Jimmy committed the kidnapping, saving them from prison.A few months later, Mike has reconciled with his wife by promising to never interfere with an NBA Finals game again. When football season begins, however, he and Jimmy sneak into Deion Sanders' hotel room at 3:00 a.m., presumably to kidnap him.
1292	Simple Wish, A (1997)	Children's, Fantasy	Carriage driver Oliver Greening aspires to perform on Broadway and, despite an outstanding audition for a new musical based on A Tale of Two Cities, he loses out to the seasoned Tony Sable, who is considered more bankable than the unknown Oliver.Later that night, Anabel, Oliver's young daughter, does not convince her brother Charlie that fairy godmothers exist, and after they fall asleep, she awakens to find Murray, a male fairy godmother, in her room. Murray, who is treated with disdain for being a man in a female-dominated profession, agrees to grant Anabel's wish that her father get the part so that her family will not have to move to Nebraska, hoping that by doing so he will be taken seriously.Hortence, the head fairy godmother, oversees the North American Fairy Godmothers Association (NAFGA)'s annual meeting. All participants must turn in their wands so that no trouble occurs. The evil witch Claudia, who was banished from the NAFGA for her selfish use of magic, sneaks in and turns Hortence into paper with a curse. She then steals all the collected wands; Murray arrives late to the conference and does not check his wand in, making it the only one she does not have.Seeing Murray accidentally left his wand behind in his rush to make it to the conference, Anabel plans to return it to him. However, Charlie breaks it. Anabel glues the broken pieces together and gives it to Murray, only to wind up in Nebraska after the former botches a spell for instantaneous travel. Duane, an angry local threatens them, and Murray tries to turn him into a tiny rabbit but instead transforms him into a giant rabbi. Before the giant stomps on them, Murray casts the travel spell again, and they wind up in the Central Park zoo just as Oliver arrives in his carriage with Charlie.Anabel begs Murray to grant her wish, but he accidentally turns Oliver into a statue. To fix it, the three go to ask Hortence for help, only to find her still under Claudia's curse. While Murray fixes his wand with Charlie's help, Hortence reveals that, in keeping with the rules governing fairy godmothers, Anabel must break Murray's spell by midnight, or Oliver will be a statue forever. Claudia, meanwhile, realizes that Hortense had secretly given her wand to Murray so as to keep her from regaining her full power.At the theatre, Anabel asks Murray to try sabotaging Sable's audition. First, he tries to make it rain on the stage, but the weak downpour is dismissed as a simple technical problem, and the audition continues. Then she asks him to give Sable a "frog in his throat" to impair his singing. Murray takes this literally, and frogs start hopping out of Sable's mouth, shocking everyone.Nevertheless, Sable is given the part as the director Lord Richard refuses to wait for Oliver and wants to get the show into production. Boots, Claudia's dog-turned-human servant, finds them. Murray and Anabel trick Boots into taking them to Claudia by begging her not to. Claudia demands that they hand over her wand, and when they refuse, she resorts to torture by enchanting them to dance for her amusement until they are worn out.Anabel keeps Claudia distracted while Charlie attempts to give Murray the wand, but Boots manages to grab it. Murray then plays on Boots being unhappy with the way Claudia treats her to convince her that he should have the wand instead of her mistress. Claudia attacks him, but Murray tricks her into casting a spell that traps her within her own magic mirror, which he shatters to keep her imprisoned for eternity.Murray, Charlie, and Anabel return to Central Park and restore Oliver just in time for him to be given the part of Sable's understudy. To grant Anabel's wish, Murray appears backstage and causes Sable to slip on a bucket and twist his ankle. The resulting temper tantrum gets him fired and Oliver, his understudy, takes over. Charlie and Anabel watch the show with Murray and the other fairy godmothers.
1293	Star Kid (1997)	Adventure, Children's, Fantasy, Sci-Fi	The life of a shy, seventh-grader Spencer Griffith, who has a crush on a schoolmate named Michelle Eberhardt, changes one night when he sees a mysterious meteorite, as it crashes down into a nearby junkyard. Sneaking out of his house to investigate, he discovers the meteorite to actually be a small rocket carrying a "Cybersuit", a prototype exoskeletal-suit with artificial intelligence from another galaxy. He decides to try it on and melds with it, but requires some time to adjust to the experience, including the new speed and strength, and then starts testing out its various primary functions and abilities, deciding to call it "Cy".He proceeds to go around town doing whatever he wants, starting with getting back at bully Manfred "Turbo" Bruntley, then saving Michelle and her friends from a damaged Rock-O-Plane and ordering food from a fast-food restaurant drive-thru. He also endures the hilarious antics of trashing part of his house after getting his head stuck inside the refrigerator, discovering the unappealing way that it will allow him to eat his take-out food, and finding a way to pee when it won't let him out to do so.Meanwhile, Earth is visited by a Broodwarrior, a member of an alien race of world-conquering insectoids that are currently waging a war against Cy's creator, Tenris De'Thar, and his fellow Trelkins, who developed it as a weapon to turn the tide of the war, but was forced to launch it into space due to a Broodwarrior attack. The Broodwarrior's mission is to find and capture it so his race can analyze it. After first encountering the Broodwarrior, Spencer escapes, forces Cy to let him out, and abandons it, afraid he might not "live to see his next birthday" if he "engages" the Broodwarrior. Back home, after looking over one of his comic books titled MidKnight Warrior and thinking about what the title character, in his situation, would do, he goes back out to find Cy. He unexpectedly finds himself accompanied by Turbo, who gradually becomes his friend, only to find the Broodwarrior has taken Cy. They head to the junkyard, where it is about to be taken off-world by the Broodwarrior, and create a plan to distract it long enough to allow Spencer to rescue Cy. Spencer does so and begins battling the Broodwarrior.During the battle, the Broodwarrior gets the upper hand, and Cy is bashed multiple times by the Broodwarrior's mace, severely damaging it, and forcing it to eject Spencer before it goes completely offline. Spencer covers it with scrap metal to hide it from the Broodwarrior, takes a piece of it, and continues to fight the Broodwarrior, who had started trying to chase down Turbo. Spencer confronts the Broodwarrior before getting chased himself and is suddenly cornered inside a junked ice cream truck. Just when the Broodwarrior is about to dispose of Spencer, Turbo finds a control panel and activates the car crusher the truck is sitting in, revealing the chase into it to be part of a trap. Spencer escapes while the truck is compressed into a solid metal cube, killing the Broodwarrior.With the Broodwarrior now destroyed, Spencer and Turbo return to Cy but it appears that they were too late to save it. Just as Spencer begins to lose hope, Tenris De'Thar and a small group of Trelkin soldiers appear from a giant UFO orbiting Earth and quickly repair Cy, reviving it. After Spencer says goodbye to Cy, the head alien soldier gives him a badge for his bravery and courage before their departure back to their home-world, and the long, eventful night finally comes to an end. The next day at school, a now confident Spencer, encouraged by Turbo, starts up a conversation with Michelle.
1294	Ayn Rand: A Sense of Life (1997)	Documentary	Ayn Rand: A Sense of Life is a 1996 American documentary film written, produced, and directed by Michael Paxton. Its focus is on novelist and philosopher Ayn Rand, the author of the bestselling novels The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged, who promoted her philosophy of Objectivism through her books, articles, speeches, and media appearances.
1295	Kicked in the Head (1997)	Comedy, Drama	Redmond is a young guy who can't seem to find what exactly he wants to do with his life. When his uncle, Sam, gives him the bag to deliver to some uptown connection, he fails to do so, and it gets them in trouble with Jack, a low-key criminal. After that, tough guy Stretch wants Redmond to take part in his illegal beer business, but before Redmond gets involved, the business ends in a bad way. Redmond is also found having an affair with flight attendant Megan.
1296	Indian Summer (1996)	Comedy, Drama	The story follows a self-involved and very focused ballet dancer, Tonio, who has just lost his lover to AIDS, and his best friend Ramon is in the hospital being treated for AIDS. After Ramon dies, Tonio and the other company members decide to revive a dance originally performed by Ramon, called Indian Summer, with Tonio taking on the lead role.After a rehearsal one night, Tonio encounters Jack at a club, a former therapist of Ramon. When Jack comes on to Tonio, he discloses his HIV status. Despite this, Jack continues to pursue Tonio, leading to a dinner date, a shared night, and the beginning of a steady relationship.Jack convinces Tonio to join him on a holiday to Greece, where they have a good time, but when they return to London, Tonio starts to focus on dance rehearsals, which leads to a strain in their relationship. Tragedy strikes when Tonio wakes up to find himself paralysed the day of the performance. The dance troupe comes up with the idea that the ballet will go on, with Tonio still performing, with support from the other dancers. It turns out to be a brilliant performance, after which Tonio regains his ability to walk. The rift between Jack and Tonio finally begins to improve at last.
1297	Love Affair (1994)	Drama, Romance	On a flight to Sydney, sports announcer and former football star Mike Gambril meets singer Terry McKay, each of them engaged. Their plane malfunctions and is forced to make an emergency descent, during which Mike and Terry comfort each other. The plane manages an emergency landing on a remote atoll, and the passengers wait to be rescued by nearby ships.As Mike gets himself accustomed to the boat he selected, a Russian cruise boat, Terry arrives aboard as well as her ship was being redirected elsewhere. As the passengers get more and more drunk with the Russian crew, Mike and Terry almost have an encounter but it is curtailed by party revelers. She reconsiders and runs to her room.The next day, with a hangover, Terry says she doesn't want to make a "mess" of her life with an affair and tries to push Mike off the topic. Instead, Mike invites Terry to visit his elderly aunt, Ginny on the isle of Moorea during a routine stopover. During the visit, Terry sees a different side of Mike as they have lunch with his aunt and play music together. The romantic setting kindles their romance and, instead of taking a more convenient jet back to their respective destinations, they continue their romance on the boat for a few more days.Finally, on the way home on the return flight to New York, they agree to reunite at the top of the Empire State Building in three months' time to test their convictions and current relationships. Terry breaks up with her fiancé Ken Allen, as does Mike with his fiancée, Lynn Weaver.Terry finds work as a singer, mostly in advertisements. Mike, to the chagrin of his agent, is having an existential crisis about his TV career and ruminates about returning to his hobby painting. He quits his job in TV and works as the head coach at a small college. One of his primary pieces is a portrait of Terry in prayer from their idyllic day on the island, wearing his aunt's hand-made shawl.Months later, on the way to the rendezvous, Terry is struck down by a car while crossing a street jaywalking. Gravely injured, she is rushed to the hospital. Mike, waiting for her at the observation deck at the top of the building, is unaware of the accident. After many hours, in the rain, he finally concedes at midnight that she has rejected him.Now unable to walk as a paraplegic, Terry refuses to contact Mike and let him see her in her paralyzed condition. Instead, she finds a job as a music teacher in a small elementary school. Six months after the accident, she sees Mike with his former fiancée at a holiday concert featuring Ray Charles, which Terry is attending with her former boyfriend, Ken. Mike does not notice her condition because she is seated. Each can only manage a terse hello, with Mike looking irritated.Christmas Eve arrives and Mike makes a surprise visit, claiming to have come across her address while looking up another name in a telephone directory. Although he steers the conversation to make her explain her actions, Terry merely dodges the subject, never leaving the couch on which she rests. Mike mentions his aunt, now deceased, had left the shawl for her in her will. His aunt had taken a liking to Terry and secretly hoped the two would marry and straighten out Mike's life. Mike mentions, that he "made a painting of you with that shawl." Mike had left it in disgust at the hotel previously and the hotel manager had the restaurant display it.About to leave her life for good, Mike remarks that the painting was given to a woman recently who very much admired it. He is about to point out that the woman was in a wheelchair when he suddenly pauses, realizing that Terry isn't moving in her couch and making no effort to get up to say goodbye. Mike walks into Terry's bedroom, opens the door and sees his painting hanging on the wall. He now knows why she did not keep their appointment.
1298	Band Wagon, The (1953)	Comedy, Musical	Tony Hunter, once a famous star of musical comedies on stage and later on screen, is largely forgotten after three years without appearing in a film. He returns from Hollywood to New York. At Grand Central Terminal, he is recognized but almost ignored by reporters who are there by chance as Ava Gardner is on the same train. However, he is greeted enthusiastically by his good friends Lester and Lily Marton, and they tell him they have written a stage show, a light musical comedy, that will be a perfect comeback for Tony. They will also act in it, and they already have caught the interest of Jeffrey Cordova, who they say can do anything: Currently he is starring in, as well as directing, a new adaptation of Oedipus Rex that he wrote based on the original Greek story.As soon as Jeffrey hears Lily outline the play, he declares it to be a brilliant reinterpretation of the Faust legend, which should star Tony and himself as the characters corresponding to Faust and the Devil. The Martons are delighted that he will be acting as well as directing, but Tony is dubious about the Faust idea. Jeffrey declares that the boundaries between genres in the theater are artificial, and "Bill Shakespeare" and Bill Robinson are all parts of the same whole. Tony agrees, and Jeffrey has the Martons rewrite the play as a dark, pretentious musical drama (when Lester also becomes dubious, Lily insists that one person must be in charge and Jeffrey can succeed at anything).Jeffrey does succeed in arranging for the beautiful and talented ballerina Gabrielle "Gaby" Gerard to join the production, along with Paul Byrd, who is her boyfriend, choreographer, and manager—even though he always insisted that a musical play would be beneath her. When Tony and Gaby meet, they become sarcastic and hostile to each other, but this is actually because they are insecure: Each of them feels much less talented than the other.Eventually, it all proves too much for Tony, and he walks out. Gaby follows to meet him privately. In his hotel room, she comments that the paintings by famous artists on the wall are better reproductions than usual in a hotel; he says they are his own property, and are originals. She recognizes a painting of ballerinas as an early Degas. Tony and Gaby put their troubles aside, go for a horse-drawn carriage ride, dance together, and realize they can work together after all. They also begin to fall in love.When the first out-of-town tryout in New Haven proves disastrous, Tony demands that Jeffrey convert the production back into the light comedy that the Martons had envisioned. Jeffrey says that while they will have to find new backers because the original ones have walked out, he will be happy to appear in that show—if Tony is in charge of it. Tony accepts, using his art collection to finance the production.  Paul says the show is no longer suitable for Gaby and walks out, expecting her to follow, but she is pleased to stay and work with Tony.After some weeks on tour to perfect the new lighthearted musical numbers, the revised show proves to be a hit on its Broadway opening. Gaby professes her love to Tony.
1299	Penny Serenade (1941)	Drama, Romance	The film charts the meeting, courtship and marriage of Julie Gardiner (Irene Dunne) and Roger Adams (Cary Grant) through the playing of popular songs relevant to each time period. After their spur-of-the-moment marriage on New Year's Eve and a night in Roger's train compartment en route to San Francisco, a pregnant Julie rejoins Roger in Tokyo, where he has a stint as a reporter. Julie loses their unborn child in the 1923 Tokyo earthquake and returns with Roger to California. They are despondent until their friend Applejack Carney (Edgar Buchanan) encourages them to adopt a child. While Roger struggles to keep a newspaper going in the fictional California town of Rosalia, Julie keeps house and fits out the nursery.They apply at an adoption agency for a two-year-old boy, and receive a call from Miss Oliver (Beulah Bondi) that a five-week-old baby girl is available. Though Roger would have preferred a boy, he falls in love with the baby, and he and Julie care for her during their one-year probation period. At the end of that time, Roger has lost the newspaper, and the law prevents him from adopting the baby without an income. Roger appears before the judge and delivers an impassioned plea to keep the child, whom he considers his own. The judge awards custody, and Roger returns home to Julie with their daughter.Years later, Roger and Julie swell with pride as their daughter, Trina, not yet old enough to play an angel in the Christmas play, plays the "echo" instead. The following Christmas, Julie writes to Miss Oliver that Trina has died from a sudden illness. The child's death sends Roger into a deep depression, and Julie resolves to leave him, believing he no longer needs her. Just as she is about to leave for the train station, the couple receive a phone call from Miss Oliver, saying that a two-year-old boy has just become available for adoption. Roger and Julie embrace, ready to rebuild their marriage with a new child.
1300	'Til There Was You (1997)	Drama, Romance	Gwen Moss has spent the better part of her life waiting for the man of her dreams, unaware she briefly bumped into him at school as children and has had several close encounters ever since. She aspires to have a life like her longtime friend Debbie, a successful doctor with a beautiful home but a marriage that may not be as perfect as it seems on the surface.Gwen is hired to ghostwrite the autobiography of former child star Francesca Lanfield, whose career virtually ended following her stint on a long-running Partridge Family-Brady Bunch hybrid sitcom. Francesca owns La Fortuna, a picturesque vintage apartment complex. Architect Nick Dawkan's boss Timo wants to buy and demolish the complex so his firm can construct a modern condominium development in its place. Francesca agrees to the sale as long as Nick is in charge of the project, and the two embark on a somewhat tempestuous relationship. Both are damaged emotionally; Francesca has overcome an addiction to drugs but still craves the spotlight, while Nick is dealing with the memory of a father who failed as a songwriter and became a hopeless alcoholic. Meanwhile, Gwen is shocked to discover her father Saul never loved her mother, Beebee, and is devastated when the two decide to divorce. Her parents' story of how they met in her childhood turns out to be false: Saul got stood up by his date that night and Beebee thought he was interested in her. They only married to "avoid an argument", as Saul puts it.Gwen moves into La Fortuna and finds herself surrounded by an assortment of odd but lovable neighbors who have created a family of their own. When the tenants are presented with eviction notices, they decide to fight back. Having discovered the property was designed by Sophia Monroe, one of the first female architects of note (and coincidentally Nick's mentor during the early stages of his career), and served as home to silent film star Louise Brooks, Gwen hopes she can have it declared an historical landmark with the assistance of Jon Haas, the city councilman she is dating. Nick is prepared to fight for his firm until he sees La Fortuna and learns its history and decides it might be worth preserving after all.  Though ultimately unsuccessful in preserving La Fortuna, they finally meet at the Nicotine Anonymous meeting, are then happily married, and have a daughter together.
1301	Stripes (1981)	Comedy	In the course of one day, Louisville, Kentucky cab driver John Winger loses his job, his apartment, his car, and his girlfriend Anita, who has grown tired of his immaturity. Realizing his limited prospects, he decides to join the Army and persuades best friend Russell Ziskey, a vocational ESL teacher, to join as well. The two visit a recruiting office and are sent to basic training.Upon arrival, they meet their fellow recruits and their drill sergeant, Sergeant Hulka. Following in-processing, the recruits introduce themselves and explain their reasons for enlisting. One of them, the overweight Dewey "Ox" Oxberger, wants to slim down and be respected. John irritates Hulka with his slacker attitude, and he and Russell become romantically involved with MPs Louise Cooper and Stella Hansen.After Hulka discovers that John and Russell have briefly gone AWOL, Russell confesses his mistake, but John keeps silent. Hulka orders Russell to scrub garbage cans for 24 hours and gives the rest of the platoon two weeks of KP duty. That night, Russell catches John attempting to desert and stops him, angrily reminding John that it was his idea that they both enlist. Louise and Stella find them fighting and drive them back to their barracks without reporting them.As graduation approaches, Hulka is injured when Captain Stillman, the recruit company's commanding officer, orders a mortar crew to fire without first setting target coordinates. Later, members of Hulka's platoon sneak off base and visit a mud wrestling bar. When MPs and police raid the club, Stella and Louise help John and Russell escape. The rest of the platoon are returned to base, where Stillman reprimands them for being arrested and threatens to report them to the base commander, General Barnicke, and make them repeat basic training.John and Russell have sex with Stella and Louise, then return to base. John motivates the disheartened platoon with a speech and begins preparing them for graduation. After a night of practice, they oversleep and wake up an hour late for the ceremony. They rush to the parade ground, where John leads them in an unorthodox but highly coordinated drill display. Impressed upon learning that they completed their training without a drill sergeant, Barnicke assigns them to a secret project in Italy.Upon arrival in Italy, the platoon is reunited with a recovered Hulka and tasked with guarding the EM-50 Urban Assault Vehicle, an armored personnel carrier disguised as a recreational vehicle. John and Russell steal it to visit Stella and Louise, who are stationed in West Germany. When Stillman finds the vehicle missing, he launches an unauthorized mission to retrieve it.Stillman inadvertently leads the platoon across the border into Czechoslovakia. Hulka jumps from their truck before the Soviet Army captures it and sends out a radio distress call that John and Russell hear. John, Russell, Stella, and Louise take the EM-50 and infiltrate the Soviet base where the platoon is being held, rescuing them with aid from Hulka.Upon returning to the US, John, Russell, Louise, Stella, and Hulka are hailed as heroes and are each awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. Hulka retires from the Army and opens a fast food restaurant; John, Russell, Ox, Stella, and Louise are featured on magazine covers; and Stillman is reassigned to a weather station in Nome, Alaska.
1302	Late Bloomers (1996)	Comedy	Brendan Gill (October 4, 1914 – December 27, 1997) was an American journalist. He wrote for The New Yorker for more than 60 years. Gill also contributed film criticism for Film Comment, wrote about design and architecture for Architectural Digest and wrote fifteen books, including a popular book about his time at the New Yorker magazine.
1303	Getaway, The (1994)	Action	Carter "Doc" McCoy and his wife Carol are taking target practice with pistols when Rudy arrives to propose they break a Mexican drug lord's nephew out of jail for a $300,000 payment. The job is successful, but it turns out the drug lord wanted his nephew free to kill him.Rudy is waiting with a getaway plane, but he sees police cars and leaves Doc behind. After a year in a Mexican jail, Doc sends Carol to mob boss Jack Benyon, who is looking to put together a select team of experts to rob a dog track in Arizona. Benyon agrees to get Doc released from prison, in exchange for sexual favors from Carol.Doc gets out and meets the men Benyon has hired. One is Rudy, along with Hansen, who seems inexperienced. Rudy extends a hand and says "No hard feelings" but is punched by Doc and warned not to double-cross him again.At the track, while Doc is breaking into the vault, a guard pulls a gun and is shot by Hansen in a panic. The thieves escape by creating a diversion with a bomb under a gas truck and leave with the cash, totaling over one million dollars. The plan was for Doc and Carol to meet Rudy and Hansen later to split the money. On the road, Rudy kills Hansen and pushes him out of the car.Doc arrives at the rendezvous point, where Rudy again pulls a gun. Doc expected this and is ready with his own weapon, shooting Rudy and leaving him for dead. Doc and Carol drive off with all the money, unaware that Rudy was wearing a bulletproof vest.A wounded Rudy drives to a local clinic, where he holds veterinarian Harold and his wife Fran hostage, forces them to treat his wounds and drive him to El Paso. An attraction develops between Rudy and Fran and they taunt her meek husband. At a motel, Rudy has sex with Fran after tying Harold to a chair. Hearing his wife's moans and her laughter at him, a heart-broken Harold commits suicide by hanging himself. Fran barely looks back as she accompanies Rudy to El Paso.Doc and Carol go to Benyon's house with the money. Benyon drops broad hints about what Carol did to get Doc out of jail. Carol approaches with a gun, unseen by Doc as he counts the money. Benyon clearly expects her to shoot Doc, but she kills him instead.Doc is upset, but Carol says she did what she had to do to help Doc and assumes he would have done the same if their situations were reversed. There continues to be tension between the pair, particularly when Carol loses the money to a con man at a train station in Flagstaff. Doc has to board the train, find the man and subdue him to retrieve the money.They proceed to the rustic Border Hotel in El Paso, owned by Doc's friend Gollie, to get new passports and identities so they can escape to Mexico. Rudy is already there waiting with Fran. Benyon's men, led by Jim Deer want the money and arrive in El Paso.Rudy sets a trap and Doc is startled to see him alive. He knocks out Rudy but resists killing him in cold blood. A long and bloody gunfight ensues with Doc and Carol shooting it out with Benyon's men in the halls and stairwells of the hotel.Rudy comes to his senses just as the last of Benyon's men die. He makes one more attempt to get the money, but after a hand-to-hand fight, he is killed by Doc in an elevator when the latter shoots the cables, sending the elevator plummeting down to ground level, where his body is discovered by a screaming Fran. Doc and Carol make their way out of the hotel just as the police arrive, and hijack a pickup truck driven by "Slim", an old cowboy, forcing him to drive them to the border. After safely crossing into Mexico, they buy Slim's truck from him and drive southward, making their getaway.
1304	New York Cop (1996)	Action, Crime	Cop Shoot Cop was a noise rock group founded in New York City in 1987. They disbanded in 1996. The band were frequently classified as industrial rock, but were often quite different from many bands so dubbed: having a distinctive instrumental lineup that encompassed twin bass guitars, found metal percussion, and no lead guitar. The group had little mainstream success (scoring a few hits on college radio), despite tours with Iggy Pop and music videos on MTV's Headbangers Ball and 120 Minutes (notably for "$10 Bill", featuring a number of little people). They retain a cult following—their out-of-print releases sometimes sell for large amounts.
1305	National Lampoon's Senior Trip (1995)	Comedy	At Fairmount High School, Ohio in the suburbs of Dayton, a group of teenage students begin their school day with an assembly featuring a band called "High on Life". As the band continues to play onstage, Mark "Dags" D'Agastino and Reggie Barry decide to sabotage the assembly by exposing the band for lip syncing. After a typing class (during which the teacher suffers a heart attack and dies), the seniors cut school and throw a party at Principal Moss' house. Moss finds out about the party from student body president Steve Nisser. He returns home and catches them, then gives the group detention, during which he forces them to write a letter to the President of the United States, explaining what is wrong with the education system.The next day various newspaper station vans show up at the school with the announcement that the President, amazingly, enjoyed their letter, and has invited them to Washington, D.C. to discuss it. In reality, the invitation is a plot devised by the corrupt U.S. Senator Lerman to humiliate the President.The trip underway, the bus stops at a convenience store, where Dags and Reggie lock Moss in a flooded washroom, and they steal alcoholic beverages. They are pursued by Travis, a crazed Star Trek fan and crossing guard, who hitches a ride with an Asian family. Principal Moss falls into a deep sleep after taking pills given to him by bus driver Red. With Moss passed out, the students throw a party on the bus, and Carla Morgan, the school slut, applies makeup to the unconscious Moss.The next day, as the bus is pursued by Travis and the police, Red, the driver, dies from an apparent drug overdose, and the bus nearly plows into a lake. Dags manages to stop the bus in time, but the pursuers' car lands in the water and Travis escapes.Arriving at Washington, the group checks into a hotel and decides to take a class photo at a cemetery. Miosky lights a fart on J. Edgar Hoover's flame to distract Travis. That night, the seniors secretly lace a box of chocolates with tequila and give it to the chaperone, Miss Milford. Under the influence, Milford seduces Moss. The students seize this opportunity to crash a party at the hotel next door. When Steve Nisser threatens to blow the whistle, Dags orders Miosky to "take care of him". While the other students enjoy the party, Lisa Perkins takes Dags to the rooftop where she seduces him. The next day, she discovers the plot to use the students to embarrass the President.Senator Lerman surprises Moss and Milford, who wake up, shocked at finding themselves in a room together. When they go to collect the group for their meeting with the President, they find only a trussed-up Steve Nisser. Moss and Milford locate the missing students, and are informed of Lerman's plot. The senator kidnaps Miosky and takes him to the White House with the others in hot pursuit. At the White House, when the senator makes insulting remarks about the seniors, Principal Moss, in spite of everything, unexpectedly stands up for them. The senator's plot is exposed, and the seniors return home. The film ends with a montage of the characters, telling where they end up in later life.
1306	Delta of Venus (1994)	Drama	Set in Paris, France, in 1940 in the early days of World War II before the German invasion and conquest of France, Elena Martin is a young American writer struggling to get by in Paris while searching for inspiration for her first novel. Elena meets and has a sordid affair with a fellow American expatriate named Lawrence Walters. With some encouragement from her friends, her lover, and her publisher, Elena gets involved in nude modeling and progresses onward through many other forms of voyeuristic and participatory sexual adventures as she further researches for inspiration to write her book and become an author of erotic fiction.
1307	Carmen Miranda: Bananas Is My Business (1994)	Documentary	Carmen Miranda: Bananas is My Business is a 1995 documentary filmed and directed by Helena Solberg. This documentary chronicles the life and career of Carmen Miranda, Hollywood's symbol of Latin American spirit in the 1940s. The documentary tells her life story in a series of stages, beginning with her roots and rise to stardom in her home country of Brazil, her transition and development as a performer in the United States, first on Broadway in New York City, then in the film industry after she signed with 20th Century Fox in Los Angeles, and her later years in life, before her death and her return to Brazil. Helena Solberg uses two different film styles, biography and directorial reverie, in which Solberg uses actor Erick Barretos to “resurrect Carmen Miranda in several fantasy sequences. Helena Solberg's attitudes shift throughout the documentary from awe-struck child to empathetic and forgiving Brazilian woman, which she uses to represent the contradictory subplots of Carmen Miranda's life. Alongside the fantasy like resurrection of Miranda, Solberg accompanies her documentary with multiple interviews with Carmen Miranda's friends and family, like her sister, her first boyfriend, the guitarist Laurindo Almeida, samba song-writer Synval Silva, Cesar Romero, and Alice Faye.
1308	Babyfever (1994)	Comedy, Drama	A woman finds herself caught between her present partner and the sudden reappearance of a former flame.
1309	Very Natural Thing, A (1974)	Drama	The film begins as a mini-documentary of New York City's 1973 Gay Pride parade and rally, with a young lesbian unabashedly declaring, "being gay is a very natural thing." The action cuts to the protagonist, David (Robert Joel), going through the ritual of being released from his vocation as a monk in a monastery. He then is seen as a public school teacher of English Literature in the New York City area, who spends his time off driving into the city to be with his "oldest friend from Schenectady," Alan (Jay Pierce) at a gay bar. One evening at the bar, David is singled out to dance by Mark (Curt Gareth), who portrays a businessman. They end up spending the night together, which at first seems like a one-night stand until David says he'd like to see Mark again, and Mark agrees. Not long after, the pair begin a monogamous relationship, and David moves in with Mark. But when Mark wants to have sex with other men, the relationship starts to break down. He rejects the idea of modeling a gay relationship on heterosexual marriage, and he is irritated that David wants to "keep pushing this romantic thing." Mark would rather have an understanding that either of them can have sex with other men when they feel like it, but this ends up alienating them from each other. Mark refuses to say, "I love you" until David playfully wrestles with him and tells him, "Say it...again...once more for good measure." After a year, though, David realizes that the two of them are just marking time. The two go to Fire Island for a weekend in an attempt to spice up their relationship, and although David tries to please Mark by entering an orgy, he can't go through with it. After a fight, David temporarily moves in with his friend Alan, who gives David an objective perspective on what happened. In a later encounter with Mark at Coney Island, David finally realizes that there can't be a reconciliation, as Mark is more interested in sex than a romantic relationship.After a season of loneliness, David meets a divorced photographer named Jason (Bo White) at the 1973 Gay Pride rally which began the film. David and Jason go to Jason's apartment and talk. In Jason, a divorced dad, we meet another member of the gay community, one who was living a heterosexual life prior to coming out. He still socializes with his ex-wife, who goes with him on photo shoots. On a parental visit with their toddler son (P.J.) Jason tells his ex-wife that he is now seeing someone with whom he would be spending the upcoming Labor Day holiday. It appears that in Jason, David has found someone willing to pursue a romantic, committed relationship with him. Jason takes pictures of David while telling him things to say other than "cheese', and the film ends by showing the two men together splashing naked in the surf on Cape Cod.
1310	Walk in the Sun, A (1945)	Drama	In 1943 during WWII, the lead platoon of the Texas Division is delivered by landing craft to a beach near Salerno, Italy. They make their way to a nearby wooded area, by which time their lieutenant and platoon sergeant have been killed, leaving in command Sergeant Eddie Porter, assisted by Sergeants Tyne and Ward.Their mission is to blow up a bridge and occupy a farmhouse, six miles away.  They are wary of enemy tanks and planes, and have some encounters. Sgt. Porter has a mental breakdown and Tyne takes command.They reach a stone wall within sight of the farmhouse, which they discover is occupied by the enemy. Tyne sends two patrols, led by Sgt. Ward and Pvt. Windy Craven, down to the river to get past the farm to the bridge, while the rest of the platoon keeps the enemy occupied at the front of the farmhouse. When the bridge is blown up, the entire platoon charges the farmhouse and overwhelms the enemy.During the film there is some combat, but much of the story takes place between skirmishes, within the interactions and banter of the soldiers.
1311	Waiting to Exhale (1995)	Comedy, Drama	Four friends (Savannah, Robin, Bernadine, and Gloria) get together frequently to support one another and listen to each other vent about life and love. They each want to be in a romantic relationship, but they each have difficulties finding a good man.Successful television producer Savannah "Vannah" Jackson believes that one day her married lover will leave his wife for her. She later realizes that he won't, and that she must find her own man who will love her for who she really is.Bernadine "Bernie" Harris, abandoned her career and dreams of having a catering business, instead raised a family and supported her husband John in building his business. He announces he is leaving her for a white woman with whom he works, sending her into an emotional tailspin that culminates in the two fighting over their assets after she burns his car, clothes and some of his other belongings, and then sells the rest of his things for a dollar each, and he retaliates by draining their bank accounts.Robin Stokes is a high-powered executive and the long-time mistress of married Russell. After dumping him, she has problems finding someone suitable.Beauty salon owner Gloria "Glo" Matthews is a single mother. Her ex-husband and the father of her son tells her that he was always bisexual and now realizes he is gay. Gloria eventually falls in love with a new neighbor, Marvin King.The situations all resolve themselves for the better. Savannah ends up permanently dumping her married lover. Bernadine gets a large divorce settlement from her ex-husband and finds love with a married civil rights attorney who has a terminally ill wife at home, but encourages her to pursue her catering dream. Robin ends up pregnant by her married lover, but dumps him, and chooses to raise the baby on her own. Gloria apologizes to her neighbor for snapping at him when he suggested that she should let her son grow up and experience the world. She learns not to be so protective of her son and lets him go on an "Up with People" trip to Spain. She finds love while learning to take care of herself rather than being self-sacrificing in her devotion to her son and her business.
1312	Pompatus of Love, The (1996)	Comedy, Drama	The film revolves around four friends and their relationships with women. Set to the background of upscale Manhattan bars, lofts and apartments, the guys engage in sharp banter and one-upsmanship.The men spend much of their time trying to decipher the word "pompatus," from the Steve Miller song, wondering whether they are mis-hearing the lyrics: "Prophetess"? "Impetus"? "Profitless"? "Impotence"? "Pompous Ass"? "Pom-pom tits"? "Poconos"?The characters, Mark, a therapist (Jon Cryer); Runyon, a playwright (Tim Guinee); Josh, a playboy (Adrian Pasdar) and Phil, a plumber (Adam Oliensis), try (generally unsuccessfully) to sort out their troubled love-lives.Mark and his girlfriend Natasha (Kristen Wilson) who met on a blind date, are hung up over moving in together. They go to apartment after apartment, never agreeing on one they simultaneously like. She is getting more and more claustrophobic, having a dream that she is a field mouse that a bird of prey with Mark's face is closing in on her. They close on a half-finished house, and Tasha bails on him.Runyon is hung up over his old girlfriend Kathryn (Dana Wheeler-Nicholson), who has moved to Los Angeles. He flies there, with the excuse of seeking a producer for his screenplay. He goes so far as to sneak into her bedroom in the middle of the night to see her. He at least has a dinner date with someone new for FridayThe womanizing Josh is hung up on Phil's sister, Gina (Paige Turco), who has an abusive husband. He meets Cynthia, single woman (Mia Sara) who he bumps into while going down a staircase. After a nice lunch he seems to genuinely like her so offers to make her dinner. Even though they have good chemistry, when Gina shows up earlier, they end up in bed together and he blows Cynthia off. He contacts Cynthia again and says he wants to go slow.Phil, who is married with children, finds himself attracted to an older English interior designer (Kristin Scott Thomas) who is coming on to him regularly. He finds out about Gina and Josh, so storms by Josh's to pick her up. He confronts the designer, telling her he can't cheat on his wife.The film finishes with the four friends again discussing the meaning of the Steve Miller song. Mark's relationship is over; Runyon has closure; Josh for once is going to try to have a relationship; and Phil is maintaining his marriage.
1313	Palmetto (1998)	Film-Noir, Mystery, Thriller	Harry Barber is serving a prison sentence after being framed in a corruption scandal.Before his arrest, he worked as a reporter for a Florida newspaper and uncovered widespread corruption within the local government. After rejecting a bribe that would have ensured his silence, Harry discovers the funds deposited into his bank account and is promptly arrested. Two years later, he is released following testimony from a former police officer that clears his name.Despite his bitterness toward the town officials, Harry returns to Palmetto with his girlfriend Nina, who has waited for him patiently. Unable to find employment, he spends his days lounging in a local bar. Enter Rhea Malroux, the attractive wife of the town's wealthiest man, who offers Harry a job: assist her and her daughter Odette in scamming her husband out of $500,000 through a fake kidnapping scheme, with Harry receiving 10% of the cut.Tempted by Rhea’s seductive charms and the promise of quick cash, Harry decides to participate in the plan. First, he visits the Malroux mansion to verify Rhea’s identity. Then, he meets privately with Rhea to discuss the details and later with Odette to confirm her involvement. After these checks, Harry agrees to proceed.When Odette goes missing, part of the plan involves her staying out of town for a few days until her father pays the ransom, the story leaks to the police. They approach Harry with a proposal. His brother-in-law, a top detective, knows Harry’s background in journalism and believes he could help manage the press while keeping them from interfering with the investigation. Harry thus becomes involved both in the kidnapping scheme and the police investigation.When Harry returns to his bungalow one day to find Odette dead, he realizes he is in deep trouble. Harry uses a tape recording he made during his negotiations with Rhea Malroux to blackmail her. In response, Rhea sends her boyfriend to dispose of Odette’s body. However, the real Odette later appears in Harry’s bungalow, also dead, complicating the situation further. This time, the police discover the truth.This leads Harry to cooperate with the police to apprehend Rhea Malroux and her boyfriend. Harry confronts Rhea’s husband and reveals everything, only to discover that the woman impersonating Rhea is actually the gardener. She and her boyfriend, Donnelly, kidnap Harry from the Malroux home and take him to a garage where Nina is also being held. They intend to kill them both by lowering them into a barrel of acid, but Harry is wearing a wire, and the police intervene. Donnelly falls into the acid barrel, and the woman posing as Rhea Malroux is arrested.Despite his role in capturing the real criminals, Harry is arrested for his involvement in the kidnapping conspiracy. He serves a brief prison sentence during which he writes a novel based on his experiences, hoping it will be adapted into a film.
1314	Surviving the Game (1994)	Action, Adventure, Thriller	Jack Mason, a homeless man from Seattle, Washington, loses his only friends—his pet dog and fellow vagrant Hank—within a day of each other. The dejected Mason attempts to commit suicide but is saved by Walter Cole, a soup kitchen-worker. Cole refers him to businessman Thomas Burns, owner of Hell's Canyon Outfitters. Burns offers Mason a job as a hunting guide. Despite his misgivings, Mason accepts.Flying to a remote cabin surrounded by acres of woods, Mason meets the rest of the hunting party, all of whom paid $50,000 for the privilege of being there. In addition to Burns and Cole, the party includes: Ted "Doc" Hawkins, a retired Central Intelligence Agent and psychiatrist who's also the founder of HCO; Texas oil magnate John Griffin; and wealthy father-and-son Wall Street executives Derek Wolfe Senior and Junior. On the first night, all the men chat over dinner. Mason receives cigarettes from Hawkins, who relays a story from his childhood...about how his father forced him to fight and kill his own dog, as a lesson in being a man.The following morning, Mason is awakened with a gun in his face by Cole...who explains that the men are not hunting any animals, but rather Mason himself. Mason is given a head start with only the time it takes the others to eat breakfast. After fleeing the area, Mason gets an idea and turns back. The hunters finish their meal and go after him. The younger Wolfe is horrified at the thought of committing murder, but is pushed into it by his father. The hunters race off into the forest after Mason, who has surreptitiously returned to the cabin in search of weapons. Instead he finds a trophy room, filled with the preserved heads of victims from previous hunts.Mason rigs the entire cabin as a boobytrap, using aviation fuel from a nearby shed. While he is doing this the hunters, realizing Mason has returned to the cabin, arrive. The elder Wolfe rushes into the cabin just as Mason ignites the fuel. Outside, Mason engages Hawkins in a fist fight, while the others are rescuing Derek Senior. Hawkins is knocked back into the cabin's trophy room just as the preserving agent explodes, killing him. Derek Junior saves his father, and spots Mason fleeing. The hunt for Mason—armed only with his wits—resumes. Using lit cigarettes, Mason lures Griffin away from the others and takes him hostage.Over the night, Mason learns why Griffin is taking part in the hunt. Months before, his daughter was killed by a homeless man; ever since, Griffin has been venting his rage...which was triggered earlier when Mason joked about killing his own family. However, Mason meant they died in an apartment fire and he could not save them. Griffin realizes that Mason blames himself for the tragedy. Griffin is freed; returning to the group, he proclaims his decision to not continue the hunt. In response, Cole murders Griffin to prevent any legal conflicts. Mason sabotages Cole's ATV by sticking the ignition-wires into the gas-tank. The resulting explosion rips off most of Cole's lower body, mortally wounding him. Burns then mercy-kills Cole by applying pressure to Cole's jugulars with his fingers. Pursuing Mason, the younger Wolfe takes a fatal fall while crossing a ravine; his father vows revenge.That night, the elder Wolfe fights Mason to the death; Mason emerges victorious...while Burns flees to the ruined cabin. Thinking he has killed Mason, Burns departs for the city. Days later, back in Seattle, Burns prepares to leave his current identity...thus escaping the legal fallout from the failed hunt. When Burns' car refuses to start, he continues his escape on foot. Suddenly Mason, who has also returned from the forest, engages him in a fight. At last, Mason gets the upper hand, commandeering Burns' gun. But instead of shooting him, Mason unloads the gun and discards it, then walks off. Burns recovers and reloads his gun, then prepares to pick Mason off...without noticing that Mason has jammed the barrel with wadded cigarettes. When its trigger is pulled, the gun backfires explosively and kills Burns instead.
1315	Inventing the Abbotts (1997)	Drama, Romance	Inventing the Abbotts is a 1997 American period coming-of-age film directed by Pat O'Connor, and starring Liv Tyler, Joaquin Phoenix, Billy Crudup, Jennifer Connelly and Joanna Going. The screenplay by Ken Hixon is based on a short story by Sue Miller. The original music score was composed by Michael Kamen. The film focuses on two brothers and their relationship with the wealthy Abbott sisters.
1316	Horse Whisperer, The (1998)	Drama	In Lake Luzerne, New York, teenager Grace MacLean and her best friend Judith go out early one winter's morning to ride their horses, Pilgrim and Gulliver. As they ride up an icy slope, Gulliver slips and hits Pilgrim. Both horses fall, dragging the girls onto a road, and get hit by a tractor-trailer. Judith and her horse Gulliver are killed, while Grace and Pilgrim are both severely injured.Grace, left with a partially amputated right leg, is bitter and withdrawn after the accident. Meanwhile, Pilgrim is traumatized and uncontrollable to the extent that it is suggested he be put down. Grace's mother Annie, a strong-minded and workaholic magazine editor, refuses to allow it, sensing that somehow Grace's recovery is linked with Pilgrim's.Desperate for a way to heal both Grace and Pilgrim, Annie tracks down a "horse whisperer", Tom Booker, in the remote Montana mountains. Tom agrees to help, but only if Grace also takes part in the process. Grace reluctantly agrees, and she and Annie go to stay at the Booker ranch where Tom lives with his brother and his brother's family.As Pilgrim and Grace slowly overcome their trauma, Annie and Tom begin to develop a mutual attraction. However, they are both reluctant to act on these feelings – Annie is married and Tom had his heart broken before (his wife left him because she belonged in the city). Tom also asks Grace to tell him what happened with her and Pilgrim to understand what Pilgrim is feeling. At first, Grace is reluctant, but eventually gathers up her courage, and tearfully describes the accident.The status quo between Annie and Tom is broken when Robert MacLean, Grace's father and Annie's husband, unexpectedly shows up at the ranch. Annie is increasingly torn between her feelings for Tom and her love for her family. Soon, with Tom's help, Grace finally takes the last step to heal herself and Pilgrim – riding Pilgrim again. As the MacLeans get ready to leave the ranch, Robert tells Annie that he knows he loved her more than she loved him, and that if he could be a better father, husband, or lawyer then it didn't matter, he did it all for the love he had for her. He felt that he didn't need more, he knew she was not sure how she felt about him, and now he wants her to make a choice, and not to come home until she is sure.Although Annie wishes she could stay with Tom on the ranch, she also knows that she belongs to the city, just like Tom's wife. Annie departs, driving away from the ranch, while Tom watches her go from the top of a hill.
1317	Journey of August King, The (1995)	Drama	The Journey of August King is a 1995 American drama film directed by John Duigan based on the 1971 novel of the same name by John Ehle, who also wrote the screenplay. It stars Jason Patric and Thandie Newton. The film had its world premiere as the closing film of the 52nd edition of the Venice Film Festival on September 9, 1995; it was later screened at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 14, 1995, and at the Chicago International Film Festival on October 13, 1995. It was released in theaters in the United States on November 10, 1995.
1318	Catwalk (1995)	Documentary	The film depicts model Christy Turlington and her friends Naomi Campbell, Yasmin Le Bon, Kate Moss, Helena Christensen, Gail Elliott and Carla Bruni as they jetted between Milan, Paris, and New York City during Spring 1994 Fashion Week. Turlington is featured walking in shows and attending fittings for Chanel, Versace, Dior, Giorgio Armani, Jean Paul Gaultier, Karl Lagerfeld, John Galliano, Anna Sui and finally Isaac Mizrahi. Between shows, Turlington is shown shooting a cover for W, socialising with her friends and attending a photo exhibition for Bruce Weber. In the final scene, Turlington is depicted being drawn by artist Francesco Clemente. The film was shot in black and white and color and incorporated behind-the-scenes footage of many designers at work, including Lagerfeld, Valentino Garavani, Azzedine Alaia, a young John Galliano, and Gianni Versace four years before his death.
1319	Neon Bible, The (1995)	Drama	The Neon Bible is John Kennedy Toole's first novel, written at the age of 16. The novel is a bildungsroman about a callow youth named David in rural Mississippi during the late 1930s to early 1950s. He learns of religious, racial, social, and sexual bigotry in the narrator's ten strongest memories, one memory per chapter. The memories begin with David on a train, escaping the past, hoping for freedom. The book is told entirely in the first person.
1320	Homage (1995)	Drama	The film opens with Archie holding a gun over Lucy and shooting her dead while her mother Katherine looks on in horror at the ranch they are all at. Archie is arrested and many headlines are made over Lucy's tragic death. Archie while in jail, plots his strategy with his lawyer. He taunts the deputy watching him with racial slurs and stereotypes. The movie flashes back to Archie first showing up at the ranch looking to apply for the farmhand position. Katherine considers herself lucky to get Archie and hires him immediately. He finds out Katherine's daughter is Lucy Samuel from the TV show "Banyon's Band" and is shocked. She comes and Archie immediately sees the hostile estranged relationship Lucy and Katherine have. He tries to mend the burned bridges between them and get Lucy interested in him. He writes a tailor-made star-vehicle screenplay for her entitled "The Journey to Galaxy Sixteen". She finds it schlocky and perverted and refuses. She rebuffs him. One morning when she is using the toilet, Archie is taking down the screens down to clean them and sees her. The relationship is more strained. Lucy tells Katherine. Archie angrily confronts Lucy and they fight. Deputy Gilbert and Lucy have a romantic history and she runs into him one night at the local honky-tonk called "Cowboys" where the bar welcomes Lucy back to town. They dance together. She takes Deputy Gilbert out into the field at the ranch and dances seductively for him. She goes home and drops bit of cookies into her mouth and opens up to Archie, while drunk. She acts semi-flirtatious and asks Archie to rub her belly. His hand travels up her sweater and she snaps out of it and walks off. Archie reads Lucy's diary and begins stripping off his clothes and mastorbates, fantasizing she is with him. Lucy and Katherine make up. Archie feels threatened and interferes. He confesses that he read Lucy's diary. He quotes an angry hateful passage he read in Lucy's journal and she informs her mother. Katherine asks him to leave the ranch as well as Lucy and Katherine. Archie is crestfallen. But she also asks to take the job offer Archie has received. Archie pulls a gun on Lucy and demands she give herself to him. She runs off, he chases her and shoots her dead. Katherine attempts to intervene, but Archie does not comply. Archie pleads with Katherine to think of him as "her future", but she walks off in disgust. Archie is sure he will get off on a plea of insanity. Deputy Gilbert is worried that Archie will as well and opens the cell, throws Archie his keys and shoots Archie dead to make it look like self-defense and an attempted jailbreak. Archie's former lawyer Smith remarks he knows what happened--giving up Deputy Tellez's testimony, but knows the truth. Katherine goes back to teaching to take her mind off all the tragedy and move on with her life.
1321	Open Season (1996)	Comedy	The film follows three Vietnam veterans who are stimulated by violence, and by the subjugation and debasement of those they victimize. Every year they go on vacation in the wilderness, where they engage in a spree of brutality and violence. They choose unsuspecting pairs of victims and hunt them down like wild animals. This year, they decide to kidnap a middle-aged man and his young mistress. After enduring an intense period of sexual manipulation, beatings, and humiliation, the two victims are eventually given time to try and escape after which they will be tracked down and killed. Both make a break, separately, but are found and killed by their tormentors. At the end, one by one, the killers themselves are eliminated by an unknown stalker. He is revealed to be the father of a girl who was raped by the group prior to their military service, and who subsequently committed suicide after giving birth.
1322	Metisse (Café au Lait) (1993)	Comedy	Lola, a young West Indian Métis woman, is pregnant. However, she does not know which of her two lovers is the father: Felix, a poor Jewish bicycle courier, or Jamal, the son of affluent African diplomats. When she refuses to get a paternity test, the two men fight to prove to her that they would be a better father.
1323	Wooden Man's Bride, The (Wu Kui) (1994)	Drama	Set in the 1920s during China's Warlord Era, The Wooden Man's Bride is a romance film between two unlikely people from different classes. A young woman, known only as "Young Mistress" (Wang Lan), is on her way to meet her future husband for the first time when her procession is attacked by sword-wielding bandits in the desert. A servant, Kui (Chang Shih) recklessly takes off after the bandits who have kidnapped the young mistress and taken her back to their lair. When he arrives, Kui impresses the chief of the bandits (Kao Mingjun), who allows Kui to take the Young Mistress back.Meanwhile, word has reached the Young Mistress's fiancé of her capture. Preparing to engage in a thrilling rescue, the hapless young man accidentally sets off an explosion, killing him. When Young Mistress finally arrives, she faces her fiancé's imperious mother (Wang Yumei), who forces the young woman to undergo arcane tests of purity to determine whether she is worthy to marry the (now dead) bridegroom. When Young Mistress passes these tests, she is forced to marry the titular "wooden man", a wood-carved statue of her late fiancé.Forced into a life she does not want, Young Mistress tries and fails to escape from her new home. She finds solace in her growing friendship with her one-time hero, Kui, a friendship that soon blossoms into an illicit love affair. When the affair is discovered, Kui is banished from the mill, and Madame Liu has the Young Mistress's legs broken to prevent escape. Kui, however, is determined to rescue his love once more. He returns to the bandit's lair to find the chief dead, and becomes the bandits' new leader.A year after he leaves, Kui returns with the bandits to claim Young Mistress. He allows Madame Liu to commit suicide by hanging herself, then burns the house down, taking Young Mistress away with him.
1324	Loaded (1994)	Drama, Thriller	Loaded is a 1994 mystery thriller drama film written and directed by Anna Campion and starring Thandiwe Newton and Catherine McCormack.
1325	August (1996)	Drama	1996 (MCMXCVI) was a leap year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar, the 1996th year of the Common Era (CE) and Anno Domini (AD) designations, the 996th year of the 2nd millennium, the 96th year of the 20th century, and the 7th year of the 1990s decade. 1996 was designated as: International Year for the Eradication of Poverty
1326	Boys (1996)	Drama	Backstreet Boys is the debut studio album by American boy band Backstreet Boys, first released in Germany on May 6, 1996, by Jive Records. The first single released from the album was "We've Got It Goin' On". Further singles from the album were "I'll Never Break Your Heart", "Get Down (You're the One for Me)", "Quit Playing Games (with My Heart)", and "Anywhere for You". The album has sold over 10 million copies worldwide. While the single "We've Got It Goin' On" was a success in Europe, it was not a hit in the United States. As a result, Backstreet Boys was only initially released outside of the country. Following the success of "Quit Playing Games (with My Heart)" in the United States, the album was reissued in 1997 under the same name and released as their debut in the country. The reissue also includes songs from the band's second album release Backstreet's Back (1997).
1327	Captives (1994)	Drama	After the break-up of her marriage to Simon (Peter Capaldi), dentist Rachel Clifford (Julia Ormond) throws herself into work by taking an extra assignment at a local British prison. One of her patients is Philip (Tim Roth), a man nearing the end of a ten-year sentence for a crime he refuses to reveal. She later sees him on the street when he is released to attend his college class. They form a friendship that eventually turns into a secret relationship. Their relationship becomes strained when Rachel realises Philip is serving time for the murder of his wife.Another inmate, Towler (Colin Salmon), sells drugs within the prison. He uncovers Rachel and Philip's relationship and uses his associate Kenny (Mark Strong) to intimidate her into smuggling a gun into the prison. She ultimately cannot go through with it and Philip, realising that she is out of her depth, reveals their relationship to the authorities in order to secure her help. When Kenny confronts Rachel in a diner, she uses the gun to shoot him as the police arrive.In the aftermath, Rachel is found to have shot Kenny in self-defense and Philip is transferred to another prison. In spite of everything that has occurred, she indicates that she would like to continue her relationship with him.
1328	Of Love and Shadows (1994)	Drama	Irene is a magazine editor living under the shadow of the Pinochet dictatorship in Chile. Francisco is a handsome photographer and he comes to Irene for a job. As a sympathizer with the underground resistance movement, Francisco opens her eyes and her heart to the atrocities being committed by the state.
1329	Low Life, The (1994)	Drama	Low was an American indie rock band from Duluth, Minnesota, formed in 1993 by Alan Sparhawk (guitar and vocals) and Mimi Parker (drums and vocals). The band was a trio from 1993 to 2020, having featured four different bassists. Low disbanded following the death of Parker in 2022.
1330	An Unforgettable Summer (1994)	Drama	The film's plot, which develops as a flashback narrated by Dumitriu's young son, opens with what American film magazine Variety called "a mad gallop, with the camera in the saddle, giving viewers a crash course in regional rivalries circa 1925." In the opening scenes, Romanian authorities are shown to be frantically engaged in shutting down a brothel, whose presence they believe would embarrass local high society at a time when a grand ball is set to take place. The scandalized prostitutes include the Hungarian Erzsi, who is also a communist sympathizer, and who irritates the officials by shouting insults and mooning them through a window. During the latter scene, John Simon notes, Land Forces officers are shown staring up "in mixed horror and admiration at the familiar globe whose owner they promptly identify." As she is beaten up by the soldiers, Erzsi continues to defy her aggressors by shouting up revolutionary slogans coined under the Hungarian Soviet Republic.The film then centers on the gala, which is attended by the Dumitrius and offers the setting for Von Debretsy's rejection of General Ipsilanti's advances. The characters' backgrounds are explained through the gossip of Madame Vorvoreanu, a distant relative of Von Debretsy, who is attending the event. The spectators are thus told that Von Debretsy is the daughter of a Romanian boyaress and a member of the Hungarian aristocracy, and that she is held in contempt by the local notabilities. In parallel, Ipsilanti himself is shown to be not just a military commander, but also as a prince.Film historian Anne Jäckel describes the story as dealing with "the slow descent into Hell of two honest, liberal people." The two persons are the short and monocled Captain Dumitriu and his sophisticated wife. Confronted with the general's spiteful decision, they find themselves isolated to a garrison in a land frequently raided by Macedonian komitadji, in rebellion against Romanian rule. Initially shocked by the cultural clash, Von Debretsy, a mother of three, attempts to adapt her aristocratic lifestyle to the new requirements, but manages to make herself stand out when she continues to seek a life of luxury. French critic Sylvie Rollet argues that this attempt to "tame the world" by erecting "frontiers" is a central aspect of An Unforgettable Summer.While Petre Dumitriu is motivated by his pursuit of discipline, his wife preserves her sophistication, reading the works of Marcel Proust, playing the harpsichord, employing a nanny to educate her children, and comparing the surrounding landscape with Japan's Mount Fuji. Variety calls her "sensitive-yet-flamboyant in the mold of Zelda Fitzgerald". To her husband's assurance that they were not going to spend long in Southern Dobruja, she replies: "I like it here." In pursuing this path, she only manages to widen the gap between her and most other characters. This rift is made apparent by a number of omens: unknown attackers throw rocks into the Dumitrius' house, while the vegetables she planted in the garden prove unpalatable. Confronted with these signs, Von Debretsy still attempts to make the best of the situation; online film critic James Berardinelli notes: "[She] does her best to make a happy home for her family, despite stray bullets that shatter mirrors." Bulgarian locals, taken as hostages by the military, are made to work on the garden. Their labor brings immediate improvement to the crop, and, upset by their condition, Marie-Thérèse decides to pay them out of her own pocket, serves them tea and eventually befriends them. In a scene that provided the original title for Petru Dumitriu's book chapter ("The Salad"), she invites Ipsilanti and other officers to dinner, and they are all shown to be enjoying the salad provided by Bulgarian labor. However, the episode also renews tensions between Ipsilanti and his Hungarian host, when she expresses her appreciation of her servants' work and attempts to intervene on their behalf.As a result of one Macedonian incursion, during which border guards are killed, Dumitriu is ordered to round up and execute a number of his Bulgarian prisoners. Horrified by this random reprisal, Marie-Thérèse strives to have them pardoned and released, but her plea only serves to irritate her husband's superiors. Her husband alienates his superiors further when he asks for the execution order to be ratified through official channels, whereas they would prefer an extrajudicial killing. The resulting toll on Dumitriu's career means that they are forced to leave Southern Dobruja, shortly before which the captain's colleagues make public their resentment of the couple. The captain feels dishonored when an angry General Tchilibia draws a comparison between Von Debretsy and the prostitute Erzsi and stresses that, as Hungarians, both women are natural suspects in Romania. It is a result of this that Dumitriu decides to commit suicide, unable to decide whether to shoot himself in the mouth or in the temple, but is ultimately unable to do so and begins to weep uncontrollably. This episode, Simon points out, was not present in the original text, and was invented by Pintilie to underline the degradation his character undergoes in order to survive. In what is one of the closing scenes, Marie-Thérèse is nearly stoned by the Bulgarian women whose husbands had been executed.
1331	Last Klezmer: Leopold Kozlowski, His Life and Music, The (1995)	Documentary	Klezmer (Yiddish: קלעזמער or כּלי־זמר) is an instrumental musical tradition of the Ashkenazi Jews of Central and Eastern Europe. The essential elements of the tradition include dance tunes, ritual melodies, and virtuosic improvisations played for listening; these would have been played at weddings and other social functions. The musical genre incorporated elements of many other musical genres including Ottoman (especially Greek and Romanian) music, Baroque music, German and Slavic folk dances, and religious Jewish music. As the music arrived in the United States, it lost some of its traditional ritual elements and adopted elements of American big band and popular music. Among the European-born klezmers who popularized the genre in the United States in the 1910s and 1920s were Dave Tarras and Naftule Brandwein; they were followed by American-born musicians such as Max Epstein, Sid Beckerman and Ray Musiker. After the destruction of Jewish life in Eastern Europe during the Holocaust, and a general fall in the popularity of klezmer music in the United States, the music began to be popularized again in the late 1970s in the so-called Klezmer Revival. During the 1980s and onwards, musicians experimented with traditional and experimental forms of the genre, releasing fusion albums combining the genre with jazz, punk, and other styles. By the 1980s and 1990s the American revival spread to Europe and inspired a new interest in the genre in places such as Germany, France, Poland and Russia. A parallel tradition has also continued in Israel with such figures as Moussa Berlin.
1332	My Life and Times With Antonin Artaud (En compagnie d'Antonin Artaud) (1993)	Drama	After nine years of being locked up, Antonin Artaud (Sami Frey) is released from the asylum at Rodez, and returns to Paris with his friends. One of his friends, Jacques Prevel (Marc Barbé) is a young poet, and follows Artaud in his wanders between the nursing home at Ivry and Saint Germain-des-Prés, while pursuing the same quest for poetry, drugs, and the absolute. Prevel becomes a disciple, pusher, and companion toward Artaud, whose story he relates in a chronicle that leads up to his death two years later. In post-war Paris where he lives sometimes in misery and suffering, Prevel shares his life between two women, Rolande (Valérie Jeannet) and Jany (Julie Jézéquel), while at the same time continuing his attachment to Antonin Artaud, the man who is his only friend.
1333	Midnight Dancers (Sibak) (1994)	Comedy, Drama	The story revolves around the lives of three brothers who work as strippers in a gay bar in Ermita, Manila. The oldest, Joel, has a wife and a boyfriend. Dennis, the middle brother, steals car radios with his friends. The youngest, Sonny, dropped out of college and has a transsexual lover.
1334	Somebody to Love (1994)	Drama	Mercedes (Rosie Perez) is a taxi dancer who wants to be an actress. She's involved with a married man named Harry (Harvey Keitel), who considers himself to be respected actor. Ernesto (Michael DeLorenzo) is in love with Mercedes, but he doesn't dance or have money.
1335	American Buffalo (1996)	Drama	Donny runs a junk shop in a sparsely populated and decaying neighborhood. Teach, who has no visible means of support, spends many hours a day at the shop, as does Bobby, a young man who is eager to please Donny in any way he can.Teach comes up with a scheme to rob the home of a man whose safe is said to contain rare coins. Bobby is often sent on errands for food or information. Teach's nerves are already on edge when Bobby suddenly returns to say that a third man involved in that night's robbery cannot go through with it because he is in the hospital. Donny mistrusts what he is hearing, and is unable to locate the man in the hospital, whereupon Teach angrily turns on Bobby.
1336	Kazaam (1996)	Children's, Comedy, Fantasy	In the story, a wrecking ball demolishes an abandoned building, causing a magic lamp inside to fall onto a boombox. The genie inside, named Kazaam, decides to reside in the boombox. Meanwhile, a boy named Max Conner goes to school and faces various challenges. He deals with bullies who retaliate against him for a failed robbery attempt. Max seeks refuge in the abandoned building and accidentally releases Kazaam from the boombox. Kazaam becomes Max's genie and demonstrates his powers before disappearing.Max notices his father during his journey home and discovers that his mother plans to marry a fireman named Travis O'Neil. Max resents Travis and confronts his mother about hiding the truth about his real father's whereabouts. Determined to find his father, Max encounters Kazaam again, who pesters him into making a wish. Max eventually reunites with his father, Nick Matteo, a musical talent agent involved in unauthorized music. Although Max initially does not care about his father's profession, he is happy to see him and is introduced to the employees of Nick's agency.Max shares the news with Kazaam and they have a bike race in Max's hideout, where Kazaam showcases his powers. Kazaam persuades Max to make his first wish, causing junk food to rain from the sky. Max realizes that he has control over Kazaam until he uses his last two wishes. They visit Nick again and attend a show where Kazaam's genie abilities impress Malik, the nightclub owner who desires to control Kazaam.Kazaam stays at Max's home, pretending to be his tutor. Max confides in Kazaam about his strained relationship with his father, and Kazaam shares a rap about his own genie origins. Max tries to wish for his parents to rekindle their love, but Kazaam cannot grant this wish since he is not a djinn.Later, Max witnesses his father being attacked by Malik and his hitmen over a stolen master tape, which Max was pressured into by his bullies.  Max seeks help from Kazaam, who hesitates due to his newfound success as a rapper. Max uses his second wish to conjure a replacement tape, causing a rift between him and Kazaam. Nick confronts him about the stolen tape, leading to their separation.That night, Max is kidnapped by Malik, who takes control of Kazaam's boombox. Nick is also held captive. Malik tries to force Kazaam to do his bidding, but Kazaam breaks free from the boombox's control and defeats Malik and his minions. Kazaam transforms Malik into a basketball and dunks him into a garbage disposal. However, Kazaam discovers Max's lifeless body and regrets not being able to grant Max's wish for a second chance with his father.In his grief, Kazaam becomes a djinn, granting him the power to bring Max back to life and grant his third wish for his father to have a second chance to escape his criminal life. Kazaam saves Max and carries him out of the burning building, where Travis rescues him. Nick expresses his desire to rebuild their relationship before leaving with the authorities. Kazaam, now a djinn, walks away, facing the lighthearted annoyance of his new girlfriend, who pressures him into getting a job, while unaware of the concept of a job. Max watches Kazaam walk away with a smile.
1337	Larger Than Life (1996)	Comedy	The film opens at a convention of recliner salesmen, where Jack Corcoran gives a motivational speech based on his book Get Over It. Jack shares the example of his father dying before he was born as a difficult circumstance that must be overcome to succeed. At Jack's engagement party, his agent Walter updates him on all of his upcoming speaking engagements, and the pair hope that one of the engagements is high profile enough to lead to an infomercial.As the party winds down, Jack reads telegrams from well wishers. One of the telegrams is from an attorney in Baltimore about the large estate of his recently deceased father Kirby. Jack's mother shortly admits that she lied about his father passing away when he was born. In truth, she left him because she felt he would be a bad example for Jack.The attorney in Baltimore shows Jack a contract which mentions $35,000. Thinking this is the size of his father's estate, Jack signs the contract. In fact, it is the amount of property damage that the attorney has suffered because of Vera, Kirby's elephant. Vera and Kirby were a traveling circus act, and she is a highly trained elephant. Kirby left a note for Jack that instructed him to call "Blockhead" in Kansas City if there are any problems with Vera. Jack contacts Mo at the San Diego Zoo, who happens to be transporting a herd of elephants to Sri Lanka in a few days. She helps Jack ascertain that Vera is a breeding age female, and she agrees to pay $30,000 for the elephant.Jack and Vera board a train bound for San Diego, but the conductor insists on a bribe. Jack's $600 only gets them as far as Kansas City, where he looks up Blockhead, who is an old circus buddy of Kirby's. Blockhead shows Jack the extent of Vera's training, including a photo of Vera standing on her hind legs, which was a trick that she would only do for Kirby. He puts Jack onto an animal trainer in Los Angeles named Terry Bonura who works in show business. Terry offers Jack $40,000 for Vera. So, he and Blockhead attempt to drive to Los Angeles, but his truck breaks down. Jack rents a semi-truck and continues on his own. With no experience driving a big rig, Jack blows out the transmission.Stuck at a truck stop, he encounters Tip Tucker who is a fast-talking, deeply paranoid trucker bound for Los Angeles. Jack slips outside to call Tip's mobile phone, and he tricks Tip into thinking his load has been canceled. Tip agrees to take Jack and Vera to Los Angeles instead. Along the way, Tip makes a phone call and realizes he has been tricked by Jack. He attacks Jack with a tire iron, but Vera intervenes and saves Jack from a beating. Tip drives off threatening to come back with the police.Jack and Vera walk into New Mexico to evade Tip. They stumble into a monsoon that is threatening to tear apart a village church. As the villagers struggle to hold the walls up, Vera intervenes, holding the wall up with her head. The wall still threatens to collapse, and Jack gets her to stand on her hind legs to brace the wall for good. The villagers help Jack and Vera board a train that will finally take them to Los Angeles.As he is about to sign the contract to sell Vera to Terry, Jack realizes that she subjects her animals to a grueling workload, and he witnesses one of Terry's trainers abusing another elephant with an electric goad. He steals one of Terry's trucks and drives to San Diego. Tip found Terry's business card in the cab of his truck, and he arrives just as Jack leaves.At the San Diego airport, Mo is loading her elephants onto a C-5 Galaxy cargo plane. The tarmac security guard will not let Jack and Vera in because they are not on the manifest. Jack pulls the truck into the passenger drop-off in front of the airport and races through the terminal with Vera. At gate security, Tip finally catches up to them, waving Terry's electric goad. Jack convinces the security guards that Tip is more of a threat than Vera, and they deal with Tip while Jack and Vera catch up to Mo on the tarmac.Mo explains that she has spent her entire budget and has no money for Vera. Jack confesses to Mo that he will miss Vera, but he knows she would be better off with other elephants. The film ends with a series of captions that indicate Jack left his fiancee for Mo, and the couple witnessed the birth of Vera's first calf in Sri Lanka together. Jack's ex-fiancee married his agent and Jack's mother ran their life. Tip Tucker also managed to get away and is still roaming the roads of America. The captions conclude by saying that Get Over It never made it to a 2nd printing, but Jack's memoir of his cross-country trip with Vera was a runaway besteller.
1338	Two Deaths (1995)	Drama	On the eve of the 1989 revolution in Romania, Dr. Daniel Pavenic sits down to dinner with some friends and discusses his past and his obsession with his housekeeper. His shocking honesty eventually leads to his guests also disclosing some of their own secrets.
1339	Stefano Quantestorie (1993)	Comedy, Drama	Stefano, forty years old, is looking back at his past and the lost opportunities to live it in a different way: if at seventeen he had moved to America, if he had become an aviator, if he had graduated and had become a professor, if he had become a police officer... destiny will give him a chance to meet all his doppelgangers.
1340	Crude Oasis, The (1995)	Romance	The Crude Oasis is a 1995 American drama film written and directed by Alex Graves. The film stars Jennifer Taylor, Aaron Shields, Robert Peterson, Michael Sibay, Lynn Bieler and Roberta Eaton. The film was released on July 7, 1995, by Miramax Films.
1341	Hedd Wyn (1992)	Drama	Hedd Wyn (born Ellis Humphrey Evans, 13 January 1887 – 31 July 1917) was a Welsh-language poet who was killed on the first day of the Battle of Passchendaele during World War I. He was posthumously awarded the bard's chair at the 1917 National Eisteddfod. Evans, who had been awarded several chairs for his poetry, was inspired to take the Bardic name Hedd Wyn ([heːð wɨ̞n], "blessed peace") from the way sunlight penetrated the mist in the Meirionnydd valleys. Born in the village of Trawsfynydd, Wales, Evans wrote much of his poetry while working as a shepherd on his family's hill farm. His style, which was influenced by romantic poetry, was dominated by themes of nature and religion. He also wrote several war poems following the outbreak of war on the Western Front in 1914.
1342	Convent, The (Convento, O) (1995)	Drama	The film opens when a Paris-based American professor Michael Padovic and his elegant French wife Hélène arrive at an ancient Portuguese convent in Arrábida where he believes the documents needed to prove his theory might be in its archives: Shakespeare was born in Spain named Jacques Perez, and was Jewish.The couple is greeted by an enigmatic stranger who refers to himself as Baltar; he is the guardian of the monastery. Baltar introduced them to Berta, the housekeeper and his assistant Baltazar. For his research work, Padovic spends most of his days in the library with the beautiful librarian Piedade, while Hélène is accompanied by Baltar who eventually professes his love towards the elegant lady.As the tension increases to its dramatic climax, the film ends with an epilogue in the form of on-screen text from a fisherman's report. Baltar and Piedade went missing after a forest fire; Michael and Hélène "left immediately" and are leading a normal life in Paris; Michael abandoned his research on Jacques Perez and is studying occult sciences instead. It nevertheless warns the audience that the fisherman's report might not be reliable.
1343	Lotto Land (1995)	Drama	The picture combines the storylines of two single-parent households in a poor, racially-diverse part of Brooklyn. One story concerns a young black man, who would like to remove himself from his drug-using friends. The young man falls in love with a Latina girl, who is intending to go to university on a full scholarship. The second story entwines the lives of those characters' parents: the mother of one character works in the local liquor store; the father of the other works for the telephone company. The narrative unfolds as a winning lottery ticket worth twenty-seven million dollars is sold to a local customer at the liquor store.
1344	Story of Xinghua, The (1993)	Drama	Jiang Wenli (Chinese: 蒋雯丽, born 20 June 1969) is a Chinese actress, director, producer, and screenwriter. A native of Tianjin, she graduated from the Beijing Film Academy in 1992. Li ranked 52nd on Forbes China Celebrity 100 list in 2014. In 2008, she became the first Chinese actress to win the "Grand Slam", after winning "Best Actress" trophy at the three biggest Chinese-language television awards including the Feitian Award, the Golden Eagle Award, and the Magnolia Award.
1345	Day the Sun Turned Cold, The (Tianguo niezi) (1994)	Drama	''
1346	Dingo (1992)	Drama	The dingo (either included in the species Canis familiaris, or considered one of the following independent taxa: Canis familiaris dingo, Canis dingo, or Canis lupus dingo) is an ancient (basal) lineage of dog found in Australia. Its taxonomic classification is debated as indicated by the variety of scientific names presently applied in different publications. It is variously considered a form of domestic dog not warranting recognition as a subspecies, a subspecies of dog or wolf, or a full species in its own right. The dingo is a medium-sized canine that possesses a lean, hardy body adapted for speed, agility, and stamina. The dingo's three main coat colourations are light ginger or tan, black and tan, or creamy white. The skull is wedge-shaped and appears large in proportion to the body. The dingo is closely related to the New Guinea singing dog: their lineage split early from the lineage that led to today's domestic dogs, and can be traced back through Maritime Southeast Asia to Asia. The oldest remains of dingoes in Australia are around 3,500 years old. A dingo pack usually consists of a mated pair, their offspring from the current year, and sometimes offspring from the previous year.
1347	Ballad of Narayama, The (Narayama Bushiko) (1958)	Drama	The film is set in a small rural village in 19th century Japan. According to tradition, once a person reaches the age of 70, he or she must travel to a remote mountain to die of starvation, a practice known as ubasute. The story concerns Orin, who is 69 and in sound health. However, she notes that a neighbor had to drag his father to the mountain, so she resolves to avoid clinging to life beyond her term. She spends a year arranging all the affairs of her family and village, severely punishing a family hoarding food and helping her younger son lose his virginity.The film contains harsh scenes depicting the brutal conditions faced by the villagers. Interspersed between episodes in the film are brief vignettes of nature—birds, snakes, and other animals hunting, watching, singing, copulating, or giving birth.
1348	Every Other Weekend (1990)	Drama	Camille is an actress who has seen better days. After her divorce, her ex-husband was granted custody of their two children. She only gets to see them every other weekend, and this happens to be one of those weekends. However, she has an important obligation to attend a gala at the Rotary Club in Vichy. With no other option, she decides to take her son and daughter along. When her ex-husband finds out, he’s furious and plans to come retrieve the children. Camille, desperate, takes off, heading south with the kids, hoping to build a closer relationship with them—especially with her precocious and distant son, Vincent, who has a passion for astronomy. Camille then discovers that a rare meteor shower is expected in Spain a few days later. She proposes to Vincent that they go...
1349	Mille bolle blu (1993)	Comedy	Mille bolle blu ("A thousand blue bubbles") is a 1993 Italian comedy film written and directed by Leone Pompucci. It was screened in the Italian Panorama section at the 50th Venice International Film Festival. For this film Leone Pompucci won the David di Donatello for Best New Director.
1350	Crows and Sparrows (1949)	Drama	In the winter of 1948, the Kuomintang of China (KMT) is losing in the Huai Hai Campaign with Chinese Communist Party (CCP) during the Civil War. Kuomintang government officials started to persecute the people more severely to upkeep their luxurious lifestyles. At a Shanghai shikumen house, Mr. Hou, a former Japanese collaborator, now a Section chief at the Kuomintang Ministry of Defense, is planning to sell the house which he seized from the owner Kong Yuwen and then fly to Taiwan.  He appoints his mistress, Yu Xiaoying or so-called Mrs. Hou, to give an ultimatum to the rest of the tenants to move out.The house is tenanted by three families: Mr. Kong, a proofreader in a newspaper agency, whose son joined the New Fourth Army; Mr. and Mrs. Xiao, foreign goods vendors with their three kids; and a schoolteacher, Mr. Hua, his wife and their daughter Wei Wei. When Mr. Xiao proposes they should band together, others disagree and want to find alternative solutions. Mr. Kong and Mr. Hua try to find a place to stay at their workplaces respectively, while Mr. and Mrs. Xiao hope to invest in black market gold in order to buy the apartment building from Mr. Hou.However, things don't go as they expected. The employer is unwilling to provide Mr. Kong with accommodation. Mr. Hua is arrested by KMT agents for signing a letter protesting the school administration permitting for police to unjustly arrest its employees. Mr. and Mrs. Xiao found their scheme of wealth accumulating go bad after the gold price rose sharply due to the government's manipulation. What's worse: they're beaten by the crowd who are also waiting to trade yuan   notes for gold at the central bank. Meanwhile, desperate as she is, Mrs. Hua resorts to asking Mr. Hou to bail her husband out of jail. However, Hou only wants to make her his mistress. Infuriated, Mrs. Hua rejects him and rushes home, while her daughter falls desperately ill. With generous help from Mr. Kong and Ah Mei (Mrs. Hou's kind-hearted maid), Wei Wei and Mr. and Mrs. Xiao fully recover from their illness and injuries.The tenants finally decide not to move out in a showdown with Mr. Hou. Soon, Hou receives a phone call, telling him that the defeated KMT is about to abandon its capital, Nanjing and retreat to Taiwan. Early the next morning, he and his mistress sneak out of the house and prepare to flee to Taiwan. The KMT agents release Mr. Hua while his fellow teachers are executed. As the remaining KMT members all run off from Mainland China, the tenants celebrate Chinese New Year in 1949, promising to improve themselves in the face of the coming new society.
1351	Lover's Knot (1996)	Comedy	The term true lover's knot, also called true love knot or simply love-knot amongst others, is used for many distinct knots. The association of knots with the symbolism of love, friendship and affection dates back to antiquity (although the term itself is attested from the late 1300s). Because of this, no single knot can be labeled the true "true love knot". In practical terms, these knots are generally shown as two interlocked overhand knots made in two parallel ropes or cords. The variations are in the ways in which the overhand knots interweave and in the final arrangement of the knot or knots. The true lovers' knot is a motif in several British folk songs, including "Barbara Allen", "Lord Thomas and Fair Annet", "Lord Lovel", and "Fair Margaret and Sweet William". The knot, made of a rose growing from one lover's grave and a brier from the other's, is described at the end of the ballad. It symbolises their fidelity in love even after death. Modern Western knotting literature has the name for these related knots deriving from stories or legends in which the knots symbolize the connection between a couple in love. Many examples feature sailors separated from their beloveds. Ashley notes that it was once a common style in sailors' wedding rings, where gold wire was wrought to incorporate the "true lovers" knot, creating a ring containing two tori, inseparable, yet flexible and able to move about each other.
1352	Shadow of Angels (Schatten der Engel) (1976)	Drama	Shadow of Angels (German: Schatten der Engel) is a 1976 Swiss drama film directed by Daniel Schmid. It was entered into the 1976 Cannes Film Festival. The film is based upon the play Der Müll, die Stadt und der Tod by Rainer Werner Fassbinder.
1353	1-900 (1994)	Romance	1-900 or 06 is a 1994 Dutch erotic romantic drama film directed by Theo Van Gogh. The screenplay was based on a stage play by Johan Doesburg. The film depicts a relationship based on telephone sex which gets out of hand. The film was selected as the Dutch entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 67th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
1354	Venice/Venice (1992)	Drama	Venice ( VEN-iss; Italian: Venezia [veˈnɛttsja] ; Venetian: Venesia [veˈnɛsja], formerly Venexia [veˈnɛzja]) is a city in northeastern Italy and the capital of the region of Veneto. It is built on a group of 118 islands that are separated by expanses of open water and by canals; portions of the city are linked by 438 bridges. The islands are in the shallow Venetian Lagoon, an enclosed bay lying between the mouths of the Po and the Piave rivers (more exactly between the Brenta and the Sile). As of 2025, 249,466 people resided in greater Venice or the Comune of Venice, of whom about 51,000 live in the historical island city of Venice (centro storico) and the rest on the mainland (terraferma). Together with the cities of Padua and Treviso, Venice is included in the Padua-Treviso-Venice Metropolitan Area (PATREVE), which is considered a statistical metropolitan area, with a total population of 2.6 million. The name is derived from the ancient Veneti people who inhabited the region by the 10th century BC. The city was the capital of the Republic of Venice for almost a millennium, from 810 to 1797. It was a major financial and maritime power during the Middle Ages and Renaissance, and a staging area for the Crusades and the Battle of Lepanto, as well as an important centre of commerce—especially silk, grain, and spice, and of art from the 13th century to the end of the 17th. The then-city-state is considered to have been the first real international financial centre, emerging in the 9th century and reaching its greatest prominence in the 14th century. This made Venice a wealthy city throughout most of its history. For centuries, Venice possessed numerous territories along the Adriatic Sea and within the Italian peninsula, leaving a significant impact on the architecture and culture that can still be seen today. The Venetian Arsenal is considered by several historians to be the first factory in history and was the base of Venice's naval power. The sovereignty of Venice came to an end in 1797, at the hands of Napoleon. Subsequently, in 1866, the city became part of the Kingdom of Italy. Venice has been known as "La Dominante" ("The Dominant" or "The Ruler"), "La Serenissima" ("The Most Serene"), "Queen of the Adriatic", "City of Water", "City of Masks", "City of Bridges", "The Floating City", and "City of Canals". The lagoon and the city within the lagoon were inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987, covering an area of 70,176.4 hectares (173,410 acres). Venice is known for several important artistic movements – especially during the Italian Renaissance – and has played an important role in the history of instrumental and operatic music; it is the birthplace of Baroque music composers Tomaso Albinoni and Antonio Vivaldi. In the 21st century, Venice remains a very popular tourist destination, a major cultural centre, and has often been ranked one of the most beautiful cities in the world. It has been described by The Times as one of Europe's most romantic cities and by The New York Times as "undoubtedly the most beautiful city built by man". However, the city faces challenges, including overtourism, pollution, tide peaks, and cruise ships sailing too close to buildings. Because Venice and its lagoon are under constant threat, Venice's UNESCO listing has been under constant examination.
1355	Infinity (1996)	Drama	In 1924, Richard and his father Melville walk through the woods where Melville shows his scientific inspiration for Richard.In 1934, Richard and Arline are in high school and their romantic relationship starts.The story jumps to his college years and Arline getting sick with lymphatic tuberculosis.It continues to his move west to Los Alamos National Laboratory in Los Alamos, New Mexico, where Arline follows him later to a hospital in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where she dies.The film ends with Feynman crying at the sight of the red dress Arline had pointed out.
1356	Ed's Next Move (1996)	Comedy	After being dumped by his girlfriend, twentysomething scientist Eddie decides to uproot himself from his home state of Wisconsin and takes a job in New York City. In the Big Apple, Eddie's new roommate Ray encourages him to start dating again. Eddie has little luck with women until he meets Lee, a bohemian musician. The two appear to be opposites on the surface, but Eddie is determined to make things work with her.
1357	For the Moment (1994)	Romance, War	In the summer of 1942, something is dramatically changing for the small community of Brandon, Manitoba as hundreds of young men from all over the world descend on this sleepy hamlet. In this newly found excitement of meeting newcomers, Lill (Christianne Hirt), a young prairie farm wife whose husband is already overseas for two years, and LAC Lachlan Curry (Russell Crowe), a gallant Australian airman are fated to meet. He has come to train at the Royal Canadian Air Force air base nearby to become a pilot. His friend, LAC Johnny Crouch (Peter Outerbridge) who has struck up a relationship with Lill's younger sister, Kate (Sara McMillan), introduces Lachlan to Lill.During a languid moment, Lachlan recites to Lill the poem, "High Flight" by fellow airman, John Gillespie Magee, Jr. which epitomizes what he is going through in his training. Lill recognizes the poem as it had been widely distributed after the death of the young airman who had penned it. The young lovers also have a kinship with another unlikely pairing, Betsy (Wanda Cannon), a bootlegging charmer who sells more than alcohol and also has a husband away in the army and two children to look after, and Zeek Williams (Scott Kraft), the flying station's chief flight instructor from Chicago.The short period that they have together is punctuated by the strain of dangerous wartime training and their inevitable realization that there is little time left for them. Lachlan has to deal with death from all sides, first when "Scotty" (Robert G. Slade), the trainee who bunks next to him, commits suicide. More devastating is the death of Lill's brother, Dennis (Kelly Proctor) that leads her to a fateful decision to end their relationship, and her sister to cancel wedding plans. When Zeek crashes on the edge of the field, he extracts a cruel promise from Lachlan who later seeks out Betsy to tell her what he had to do. At the wings parade, a farewell to the trainees who have earned their wings who will be shortly sent off to war, Lachlan and Lill are unable to reconcile, but Kate remains true to Johnny, saying she will be there when he comes back. Across the parade square, Lachlan and Lill share a final moment, saying goodbye quietly, with a phrase he has taught her, "Fair dinkum." 
1358	The Deadly Cure (1996)	Action	Since the characters inception in the 1960s, Spider-Man has appeared in several forms of media, including standalone novels and book series.
1359	Boys in Venice (1996)	Drama	Venice High School (VHS) is a public school located in the Westside area of Los Angeles, California and within the Local District West area of the Los Angeles Unified School District (LAUSD).
1360	Sexual Life of the Belgians, The (1994)	Comedy	Philippe or Filip (born 15 April 1960) is King of the Belgians. He is the eldest child of King Albert II and Queen Paola. He succeeded his father upon the former's abdication for health reasons on 21 July 2013. He married Mathilde d'Udekem d'Acoz in 1999, with whom he has four children. Their eldest child, Princess Elisabeth, is first in the line of succession.
1361	Search for One-eye Jimmy, The (1996)	Comedy	Set in Brooklyn, New York, the movie is the story of a California film student Les (Holt McCallany) who returns to the town in which he grew up to shoot a film about it. The first individual he happens upon is Joe "Head" (so named because of the size of his head) played by Michael Badalucco. While interviewing him, they are told of a neighborhood man named "One-eyed" Jimmy (because of his glass eye) who has gone missing. They then decide to switch gears from a documentary to a docu-drama, filming the hunt for Jimmy as they go. They come across one quirky character after another, each one giving his account of where Jimmy was last, or where he could be. Jimmy's brother, played by Steve Buscemi, is not very interested in finding his brother. "Disco Bean", John Turturro's version of a disco-dancing freak stuck in an abandoned building dancing non-stop actually gives his account of how Jimmy lost his eye. "Colonel Ron", (Samuel L. Jackson), is a homeless, toothless, strange Vietnam veteran who catches fish in the Gowanus Canal, and may actually be the most intelligent one in the bunch. "Lefty" (Mancini) and "Junior" (Nick Turturro) constantly get into physical altercations because Junior, a kleptomaniac, is always stealing Lefty's car. Completely distraught, Jimmy's mother (Anne Meara) commissions an amateur sketch artist Ellen (Jennifer Beals) to craft a poorly drawn portrait of Jimmy on a "missing person" flyer from a photograph, rather than using the actual photograph itself. The group uncover a ransom note, but to meet the demands of the "kidnapper" (Junior sent the note, pretending to have captured Jimmy), they must borrow $10,000. They turn to local loan shark "The Snake" (Sirico), who thinks it is not worth the asking price to rescue Jimmy, who he calls a "bum". Snake was formerly known as "The Whale" but has just returned from six months in a health spa where he lost two hundred pounds. The gang pays a visit to a psychic (Aida Turturro), who assures them that Jimmy is nearby. Jimmy's mother decides to throw a "welcome home" party, and invites the zany characters that we have met along the way. They all show up, and have a great time, and Joe Head woos Ellen as he displays dance moves passed on to him by Disco Bean. Jimmy winds up making his way home after his mother calls an early end to the party. While doing laundry in the basement, the elevator broke down; unable to get back to the ground floor, he broke into the out-of-town superintendent's apartment, where he stayed alive by eating cat food. Shaking, he recounts a tale of not having any beer to drink during his disappearance and having to watch television without cable. Jimmy vows that he will never do laundry in the building again. Les leaves, disappointed about the anticlimactic end to his story, but parts with Joe as friends. Later on, Joe and Junior, claiming they now own the rights after a financial dispute, are seen pitching the story and signing a deal with a Hollywood executive. When they leave, Junior steals the executive's car.
1362	American Strays (1996)	Action	Red's Desert Diner Oasis, a dive in the middle of nowhere, becomes the focal point of three separate storylines. In the first, Dwayne (Savage), a homicidal vacuum cleaner salesman, may have met his match in Patty Mae (Tilly), a woman with an impressive collection of sweepers. The second story follows Johnny (Perry), a suicidal man who hires a sadistic hitman (Jones) to end his life anyway possible which includes beating the ever loving crap out of him. The third story follows an unemployed man (Roberts) and his family, two mobsters (Viterelli and Russo), and others as they travel across the emptiness of the American Southwest.
1363	Leopard Son, The (1996)	Documentary	The Chesapeake–Leopard affair was a naval engagement off the coast of Norfolk, Virginia, on June 22, 1807, between the British fourth-rate HMS Leopard and the American frigate USS Chesapeake. The crew of Leopard pursued, attacked, and boarded the American frigate, looking for deserters from the Royal Navy. Chesapeake was caught unprepared and after a short battle involving broadsides received from Leopard, the commander of Chesapeake, James Barron, surrendered his vessel to the British. Chesapeake had fired only one shot. Four crew members were removed from the American vessel and were tried for desertion, one of whom was subsequently hanged. Chesapeake was allowed to return home, where James Barron was court martialed and relieved of command. The Chesapeake–Leopard affair created an uproar among Americans. There were strident calls for war with Great Britain, but these quickly subsided. President Thomas Jefferson initially attempted to use this widespread bellicosity to diplomatically threaten the British government into settling the matter. The United States Congress backed away from armed conflict when British envoys showed no contrition for the Chesapeake affair, delivering proclamations reaffirming impressment. Jefferson's political failure to coerce Great Britain led him toward economic warfare: the Embargo of 1807.
1364	Bird of Prey (1996)	Action	The Boeing Bird of Prey is an American black project aircraft, intended to demonstrate stealth technology. It was developed by McDonnell Douglas and Boeing in the 1990s. The company provided $67 million of funding for the project; it was a low-cost program compared to many other programs of similar scale. It developed technology and materials which would later be used on Boeing's X-45 unmanned combat air vehicle. As an internal project, this aircraft was not given an X-plane designation. There are no public plans to make this a production aircraft. It is characterised as a technology demonstrator. The Boeing Bird of prey didn’t have any direct influence on the development of the F-22 raptor or the B-2 bomber, however it did influence Boeing’s knowledge regarding “stealth shaping” and manufacturing methods tested on the Boeing bird of prey, which later on influenced F-22 and B-2 production work
1365	Johnny 100 Pesos (1993)	Action, Drama	In 1990, Santiago de Chile saw the end of seventeen years of military dictatorship. Seven months into democracy, 17-year-old high school student Juan García García, aka "el Johnny" (Armando Araiza), joins a gang of small-time criminals, including members such as "el Loco," to carry out a robbery at a video store that is a front for money laundering.Initially, Johnny takes a bus with a gun in his backpack, accidentally firing a shot that prompts the driver to stop the bus and try to persuade him. Johnny escapes and heads to the location of the robbery, where much of the film's plot takes place.Johnny enters the apartment where movies are supposedly rented, and soon his accomplices arrive. The group quickly realizes that the money is kept in an office locked by Don Alfonso (Luis Gnecco) and his secretary/lover, Gloria (Patricia Rivera).Although the plan is perfect, the gang is forced to take the video store occupants hostage when they spot the police approaching. Consequently, the gang finds itself surrounded by law enforcement.The robbery quickly turns into a hostage situation, and the group is identified on television when some journalists find Johnny's identification card.The video store is located on the eighth floor of a building on Estado Street (downtown Santiago). As it is just steps away from La Moneda Palace, the government must take action. The Chilean police (Carabineros) become involved in the operation to sway public opinion and to prevent the government from being implicated in any deaths or injuries resulting from this criminal act.As the crime unfolds, Gloria tries to seduce Johnny, managing to hit him with a frying pan and steal his gun.The press of the time covers this assault and subsequent kidnapping live, causing a great uproar nationwide due to the news reports obtained by a news program, which are directed at Johnny's school and home.Finally, the robbers negotiate their arrest and detention with the police. When most of the gang surrenders, Johnny takes his gun and shoots himself. The movie ends with an image of Johnny inside an ambulance.
1366	JLG/JLG - autoportrait de décembre (1994)	Documentary, Drama	Jean-Luc Godard (UK: GOD-ar, US: goh-DAR; French: [ʒɑ̃ lyk ɡɔdaʁ]; 3 December 1930 – 13 September 2022) was a French and Swiss film director, screenwriter, and film critic. He rose to prominence as a pioneer of the French New Wave film movement of the 1960s, alongside such filmmakers as François Truffaut, Agnès Varda, Éric Rohmer and Jacques Demy. He was arguably the most influential French filmmaker of the post-war era. According to AllMovie, his work "revolutionized the motion picture form" through its experimentation with narrative, continuity, sound, and camerawork. During his early career as a film critic for Cahiers du Cinéma, Godard criticized mainstream French cinema's "Tradition of Quality" and championed Hollywood directors like Alfred Hitchcock and Howard Hawks. In response, he and like-minded critics began to make their own films, challenging the conventions of traditional Hollywood in addition to French cinema. Godard first received global acclaim for Breathless (1960), a milestone in the New Wave movement. His work makes use of frequent homages and references to film history, and often expressed his political views; he was an avid reader of existentialism and Marxist philosophy, and in 1969 formed the Dziga Vertov Group with other radical filmmakers to promote political works. After the New Wave, his politics were less radical, and his later films came to be about human conflict and artistic representation "from a humanist rather than Marxist perspective." He explained that "As a critic, I thought of myself as a film-maker. Today I still think of myself as a critic, and in a sense I am, more than ever before. Instead of writing criticism, I make a film, but the critical dimension is subsumed." Godard was married three times, to actresses Anna Karina and Anne Wiazemsky, both of whom starred in several of his films, and later to his longtime partner Anne-Marie Miéville. His collaborations with Karina in Vivre sa vie (1962), Bande à part (1964) and Pierrot le Fou (1965) were called "arguably the most influential body of work in the history of cinema" by Filmmaker magazine. In a 2002 Sight & Sound poll, Godard ranked third in the critics' top ten directors of all time. He is said to have "generated one of the largest bodies of critical analysis of any filmmaker since the mid-twentieth century." His work has been central to narrative theory and has "challenged both commercial narrative cinema norms and film criticism's vocabulary." In 2010, Godard was awarded an Academy Honorary Award. He was known for his aphorisms, such as "All you need to make a movie is a girl and a gun" and "A film consists of a beginning, a middle and an end, though not necessarily in that order." Some critics have claimed that Godard's films contain prevailing themes of misogyny and sexism towards women. Feminist film theorist Laura Mulvey, has agreed that "While trying to decode a deep-seated, but interesting, misogyny, I came to think that Godard's cinema knows its own entrapment...for feminist curiosity, it is still a goldmine."
1367	Faust (1994)	Animation	The story begins on the streets of Prague on a grey morning busy with commuters. A colourless figure (Petr Čepek) emerges from a metro station. On his way home, the man encounters two men handing out flyers. It is a map of the city with a location marked. He shrugs and discards it, returning to his lodging. As he opens the door, a black cockerel runs out. The man sits down to eat, cutting himself a slice of bread. He discovers an egg concealed inside the loaf. He cracks it open but it is empty. Suddenly the lights go out and the wind rises. Objects are thrown about the room. The commotion ceases; the man goes to the window and looks down to where the two men from earlier are staring up at him. One of them holds the cockerel. The man closes the blind and returns to the table, where he finds the map and traces out the location marked using his own map of the city,.The next day, he goes to the spot indicated and enters a dilapidated building just as a man rushes from it in fear. He continues into the interior and descends to a dressing room, where he finds a charred script, a robe embroidered with sigils, greasepaint, a wig with a beard and a cap. Sitting down, he addresses himself as "Faust" and speaks to himself (the first words spoken in the film) Faust's opening declaration of intent to follow black magic.As the opening curtain is signalled, Faust finds himself on a stage, a performance about to begin. Ripping off his costume, he breaks through the stage backdrop into a vault where an alchemist's laboratory is revealed; with the aid of a book of spells, he brings to life a clay child which grows horrifyingly into his own image before he smashes it. Warned by a marionette angel not to experiment further but encouraged by a demon to do as he pleases, he is sent by a wooden messenger to a café meeting with the two street-map men, identified as "Cornelius" and "Valdes", who gives him a briefcase of magical devices. Returning to the vault, he uses these to summon Mephisto, offering Lucifer his soul in return for 24 years of self-indulgence.At another café, Faust is entertained by Cornelius and Valdes, who provide a fountain of wine from a table-top. He watches as a tramp, carrying a severed human leg, is pestered by a large black dog until he throws the limb into the river. Faust finds a key in his food, uses it on a shop-front shutter, and is dragged back on stage by waiting stagehands. He mimes a scene from Gounod's opera, in which Mephisto returns and the pact with Lucifer is signed in blood. After the interval, Faust visits Portugal to demonstrate his supernatural powers to the King: when a requested restaging of the David and Goliath contest is poorly received, he drowns the entire Portuguese court.Faust is distracted from repentance by Helen of Troy, whom he seduces before realising she is a wooden demon in disguise. Lucifer arrives earlier than expected to claim his soul, and Faust rushes in panic from the theatre, meeting a newcomer in at the doorway as he bursts into the street. He is felled by a red car, and Cornelius and Valdes watch in amusement as a tramp carries away a severed leg from the scene of the accident. A policeman checks the car, but it is without a driver.
1368	Mina Tannenbaum (1994)	Drama	Mina Tannenbaum and Ethel Benegui are two Jewish girls living in Paris. They were born on the same day, 5 April 1958, at the Rothschild Hospital, Mina just before Ethel. They first meet when they are seven years old. As their religion makes them feel like outsiders at school, they form a friendship as a result, despite having nothing else in common. Ethel is extroverted and comes from a middle-class family, while Mina is introverted and comes from a lower-class background. Their friendship continues as they grow up, but as adults they start to drift apart. Mina becomes an artist and although she finds men attractive, she is afraid to approach them. Ethel meanwhile becomes a journalist specializing in popular culture, and finds herself in a string of relationships that prove unsatisfying. They soon realize how their differences have put a strain on their relationship.
1369	Forbidden Christ, The (Cristo proibito, Il) (1950)	Drama	Anna Maria Ferrero (18 February 1935 – 21 May 2018) was an Italian actress.
1370	I Can't Sleep (J'ai pas sommeil) (1994)	Drama, Thriller	Daiga (Yekaterina Golubeva), a woman from Lithuania, immigrates to Paris with little money but hopes to secure herself a job as an actor. When her plans fall through, she begins work as a maid in the hotel of a friend of her great-aunt.At the same time Theo (Alex Descas) is embroiled in a fight with his wife, as he wants to leave for Martinique with their young son while she wants to remain in Paris. He is infrequently visited by his brother, Camille.Meanwhile, the city is on edge because of a series of violent murders that have targeted elderly women living alone. The murders are being committed by Camille and his lover. The two live in the hotel run by Daiga's employer.Eventually Daiga begins to follow Camille around. She figures out that he is the murderer after spotting a police sketch of his face. After breaking into his room, she finds a bag of cash and steals it, leaving abruptly to go back to Lithuania.Camille is spotted by police after one of his victims recovers enough to give a description of him. Theo is brought to the police station for questioning but insists that, far from having anything to do with the murders, he remained unaware of what his brother was doing the entire time.
1371	Machine, The (1994)	Comedy, Horror	Rage Against the Machine (often abbreviated as RATM or shortened to Rage) was an American rock band formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1991. It consisted of vocalist Zack de la Rocha, bassist and backing vocalist Tim Commerford, guitarist Tom Morello, and drummer Brad Wilk. They melded heavy metal and rap music, punk rock and funk with anti-authoritarian, anti-capitalist, and revolutionary lyrics. As of 2010, they had sold over 16 million records worldwide. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2023. Rage Against the Machine released their self-titled debut album in 1992 to acclaim; in 2003, Rolling Stone ranked it number 368 on its list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. They achieved commercial success following their performances at the 1993 Lollapalooza festival. Their next albums, Evil Empire (1996) and The Battle of Los Angeles (1999), topped the Billboard 200 chart. Rage Against the Machine became a popular and influential band, and influenced the nu metal genre which came to prominence during the late 1990s and early 2000s. They were also ranked No. 33 on VH1's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock. In 2000, Rage Against the Machine released the cover album Renegades and disbanded after growing creative differences. After pursuing other projects for several years, they reunited to perform at Coachella in 2007. Over the next four years, the band played live venues and festivals around the world before going on hiatus in 2011. In 2019, Rage Against the Machine announced a world tour that was delayed to 2022 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and was ultimately cut short after de la Rocha suffered a leg injury. Wilk confirmed in 2024 that the band had disbanded for the third time.
1372	Stranger, The (1994)	Action	Stranger Than Fiction is the eighth full-length studio album and major label debut by American punk rock band Bad Religion, released in 1994. It was a major breakthrough for Bad Religion, being certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America and becoming the band's first album to chart on the Billboard 200, peaking at 87.
1373	Good Morning (1971)	unknown	"Good Morning Starshine" is a pop song from the musical Hair (1967). It was a No. 3 hit in the United States in July 1969, and a No. 6 hit in the United Kingdom in October 1969, for the singer Oliver.
1374	Falling in Love Again (1980)	Comedy	 Harry Lewis grew up in the Bronx, New York with grand ambitions. He married the most beautiful girl in school, Sue, and planned to become an architect.Years later, Harry and Sue, unhappy now and nostalgic for their past, are living in Los Angeles and running a garment business. An invitation to their high school reunion persuades them to return to their roots, and their lives together are recalled in flashback on the cross-country drive to New York.
1375	Cement Garden, The (1993)	Drama	In late 1970s England, Jack is a narcissistic 15-year-old boy living in a post-war era prefab house with his parents, his annoying 17-year-old sister Julie, 13-year-old sister Sue, and 6-year-old brother Tom. One day, while unloading large bags of cement to resurface the garden path of their home, the father collapses from a heart attack and dies. Only a few months after this tragedy, Jack's mother takes ill and becomes bedridden and frail, prompting Jack and Julie to take control of the household.Though Jack and Julie initially clash due to Jack's immaturity and selfishness, the pair's tension gradually shifts to a romantic one as Jack develops an incestuous crush on Julie. In their new roles as the parental figures in the family, Jack finds himself escorting Sue and Tom to and from school, while Julie takes up the cooking and cleaning duties.Jack's mother informs him that her illness has become worse and she will have to go to the hospital for a couple of months. She tells Jack and Julie not to tell anyone about her absence, or else the remaining family members will be forced into foster care and their home will be torn down. Shortly afterwards, the mother dies at home of her illness. In an attempt to conceal their mother's death from authorities and thus evade placement into foster care, Jack and Julie entomb their mother's body in the basement, in a cement sarcophagus made from the leftover bags of cement that Jack's father had bought.The children become more withdrawn and their mental states further disintegrate as time passes with no adult supervision following their mother's death. Though Jack slowly matures, he stops bathing. Sue becomes more introverted, distancing herself from her siblings and confiding only in her diary. Julie forms a relationship with an older man named Derek, whom Jack starts to view with jealousy and hostility. Tom, attempting to remodel himself as a girl, takes up cross-dressing, then later regresses to an infantile state, sleeping in Julie's room in a crib and drinking from a bottle.When Derek becomes suspicious of the unpleasant smell coming from the basement and investigates, Jack lies and tells Derek that the sarcophagus contains a dead dog, subtly alluding to his mother in the process. Jack is awakened by Tom's crying; Tom reveals that Derek has told him that the sarcophagus actually contains their mother. Jack realizes that Julie has exposed their secret. The next morning, Julie wakes Jack and confides to him that she and Derek are not physically intimate and that he is an immature adult who lives with his mother. Their conversation becomes more intimate, with Julie undressing and the two cuddling while contemplating the future now that someone else knows their family's secret. Jack is convinced that they will be taken into foster care, and their house will be torn down like the other prefabs in the area. He predicts that one day, someone will only find a few bricks among tall grass. Derek suddenly walks in on the two in bed together and expresses his disgust and horror at their incest. Unperturbed, Jack and Julie continue their conversation in bed, and conclude with the shared belief that their situation is natural. The pair make love as the sound of Derek demolishing the sarcophagus reverberates throughout the house. As Jack and Julie fall asleep together, police lights flicker against the walls.
1376	Meet Wally Sparks (1997)	Comedy	Wally Sparks is the host of a sleazy tabloid-style TV talk show who makes Jerry Springer seem gentle by comparison. His show has become so foul that he has alienated his not-especially-discriminating viewers, and his ratings are taking a nosedive.Lenny Spencer, head of the network carrying his show, gives Wally an ultimatum—he has a week to clean up the content and boost his ratings, or his show gets cancelled.Wally's producer, Sandy Gallo, comes up with an idea—Floyd Preston is the governor of Georgia and a staunch conservative known for his attacks on the lowbrow content of Wally's show, so what better way to demonstrate that Wally is trying to change his ways than to have Preston on the show as a guest?In order to persuade Preston to appear, Wally accepts an invitation to a reception at the Governor's Mansion, later learning that the Governor's young son is the fan who sent him the invitation. Wally makes the mistake of participating in a drunken game of strip poker with Preston's wife, Emily, while somehow involving himself in a plot to blackmail the Governor. Further complications ensue when Wally's son, Dean, begins a romantic relationship with the Governor's daughter.
1377	Hotel de Love (1996)	Comedy, Romance	Fraternal twin brothers meet a childhood crush at a rundown hotel and rediscover their love as they renew their competition for her affection.
1378	Rhyme & Reason (1997)	Documentary	Rhyme & Reason (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the soundtrack to Peter Spirer's 1997 documentary film Rhyme & Reason. It was released on January 14, 1997 through Priority Records. The album found a great deal of success, peaking at #16 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart in the United States.
1379	Love and Other Catastrophes (1996)	Romance	The story revolves around University of Melbourne film studies students and roommates Mia (Frances O'Connor) and Alice (Alice Garner), each of whom is experiencing various upheavals. Mia and Alice have just moved into a trendy apartment but are in desperate need of a housemate. Mia's girlfriend Danni (Radha Mitchell) is keen to move in, but Mia fears commitment.Obsessed with her favourite lecturer, Mia becomes embroiled in a war of paperwork with the university administration as she attempts to pursue him to his new department. She is hampered in her efforts to transfer by her current supervisor Professor Leach (Kym Gyngell). To add to her woes she then breaks up with her girlfriend, Danni. Danni pursues another love interest, in part to get back at Mia.Alice, a habitual perfectionist, is four years late with her thesis on 'Doris Day as Feminist Warrior'. She is looking for the perfect man but can't find anyone who fits her strict criteria. Frustrated, she falls for the most unsuitable male possible... Ari (Matthew Dyktynski), a classics student and part-time gigolo. However she is the object of desire of shy medical student, Michael (Matt Day).As the day ends and the party begins events begin to unscramble in unexpected ways. Omnia Vincit Amor... Love Conquers All.
1380	Hollow Reed (1996)	Drama	Oliver Wyatt lives with his mother, Hannah Wyatt, and her live-in boyfriend, Frank Donally, and spends occasional afternoons with his father Martyn Wyatt. After Oliver suffers a series of mysterious physical injuries, which he vaguely blames on neighbourhood bullies, suspicions are raised by his father, a medical doctor, against Hannah's boyfriend, Frank.While Martyn becomes firmly convinced Frank is abusing his son, Oliver keeps silent about the true source of his injuries, and Hannah refuses to believe Frank could be abusing her son. Martyn begins court proceedings to gain sole custody of Oliver, though his gay relationship with Tom Dixon is brought as evidence by Hannah's lawyer of the unsuitability of Martyn's home. Only after she catches Frank abusing Oliver does Hannah accept that her boyfriend is the source of Oliver's injuries, though she is swayed by Frank's pleas and agrees to remain quiet about the issue and promises Oliver that the abuse will end.In the climactic scene, Oliver attacks Frank and is saved from a terrible beating by his father, Martyn, who instead receives Frank's wrath. As Frank's savagery is witnessed not only by Hannah, Oliver, and Tom, but also by Hannah's neighbours, who in turn call the police, the film ends with Hannah visiting Oliver, who now resides with his father, and asking him if he'd like to return to her home on occasion, now that Frank no longer lives with her. It is implied that Frank is now serving a prison sentence for abusing Oliver. Her request is met with stony silence from Oliver.
1381	Losing Chase (1996)	Drama	Following a nervous breakdown and upon returning home following treatment, Chase Phillips (Helen Mirren) is hired a helper, Elizabeth (Kyra Sedgwick) by her husband, Richard (Beau Bridges). Chase is opposed to being given a helper and treats both her husband and Elizabeth with contempt. Chase snidely asks Elizabeth what she plans to do with the money she earns from being a helper; Elizabeth replies that she is not doing it for the money. Chase's two young sons, Little Richard (Michael Yarmush) and Jason (Lucas Denton), are returned to the family home the same day Elizabeth arrives. The youngest son, Jason, is eager to see his mother but Little Richard treats her with hostility.The following day after questioning her, Elizabeth tells the children that she has one sibling, a sister who is "unwell" and that her mother is dead. When asked what happened to her mother, Elizabeth states, "She had a hard time living." Jason later relays this information to Chase. The next day Richard befriends Elizabeth whilst she is planting tomatoes, which causes tension between him and Chase.Later Elizabeth takes a day off and flies to visit her sister Catherine who is in an institution. After a brief conversation Catherine suddenly becomes enraged at Elizabeth, accusing her of various things. After Catherine is escorted away by a nurse, Elizabeth returns to the Phillips residence, where she discovers Chase ripping up all the tomatoes she planted out of spite. Elizabeth lashes out at Chase, initially over Chase's behaviour however as her tearful rage continues she screams at Chase for committing suicide while Elizabeth and her sister were so young and for ruining their lives. Taken back, Chase manages to calm Elizabeth, telling her she is not her mother. Elizabeth realises what she has been saying, and sobbingly embraces Chase, who returns the hug.The following day Chase's attitude has improved, and she befriends Elizabeth. Richard announces that he will be returning to working away from home, leaving Elizabeth to continue caring for Chase and the children. Chase accompanies Elizabeth and the boys and leaves the house for the first time since returning from treatment. Chase and Elizabeth's friendship grows; Chase tells Elizabeth how the expectations to get married and conform to small-town life caused her original breakdown.As the days go by closeness grows between Elizabeth, Chase and the children. Chase gives her old car to Elizabeth as a gift for everything Elizabeth has done for her. Chase laments that Elizabeth will be leaving when summer is over.At a day on the beach Chase watches Elizabeth go swimming as she naps. When she awakes she cannot see Elizabeth in the water and immediately panics. Chase frantically tries to get Little Richard to help her search for Elizabeth. Elizabeth, who had finished swimming and has been preparing lunch, hears the argument between Little Richard and Chase and comes to investigate. As Elizabeth walks away with Chase, trying to figure out exactly why Chase is so upset, Chase kisses her on the lips. Elizabeth initially kisses her back, but then states she cannot do it and runs away. Little Richard sees the kiss.As Chase and Elizabeth deny their feelings for each other tensions grow between both of them and Little Richard. Elizabeth contemplates leaving. Little Richard calls his father in distress. Richard returns and confronts his wife. Chase confesses she is in love with Elizabeth, who has made her feel alive again in a way that he never could. Richard takes Elizabeth home the next morning whilst Chase is still sleeping. Chase races to the dock to be able to say goodbye, and insists that Elizabeth take the car she previously gave to her. Chase and Elizabeth embrace before Elizabeth leaves.Chase narrates an epilogue. She breaks up with Richard, though they remain on good terms and share custody of the children. She states she still sees Elizabeth in her dreams. She concludes with the line, “It was one hell of a storm. Will there be others? There usually are. You just have to wait and see."
1382	Bonheur, Le (1965)	Drama	François, a handsome young joiner working for his uncle, lives a comfortable and happy life in the Parisian suburb of Fontenay-aux-Roses with his pretty wife, Thérèse, who is a dressmaker, and their two young children, Gisou and Pierrot. The family loves going on outings to the woods outside town. Although deeply happy with his life and devoted to his wife and children, one summer François falls for Émilie, an attractive single woman who works at the post office, has a flat of her own, and closely resembles Thérèse. During a picnic in the woods, after putting the children down for a nap, Thérèse asks François why he has seemed particularly happy lately. He explains that his love for her and the children remains unchanged, but has been enhanced by the new happiness he has found with Émilie over the past month. Initially confused and upset, Thérèse soon claims to accept this, and they make love. François falls asleep, but, upon waking, finds Thérèse gone. Desperately searching, he discovers her drowned body, which anglers have retrieved from a small nearby lake.After Thérèse's funeral, François, his children, his brother's family, and his uncle and aunt go to the Loire for an extended vacation. When they return, François seeks out Émilie, and, before long, she moves into his house and begins to look after him and the children, taking over all of the tasks formerly performed by Thérèse. By fall, François once again has a happy family, and continues to enjoy outings to the woods.
1383	Second Jungle Book: Mowgli & Baloo, The (1997)	Adventure, Children's	10-year-old Mowgli has been raised amongst a wolf pack as well as Baloo the bear and Bagheera the panther in the Jungles of India. Mowgli is the target of the notorious bandar-log (monkey people) who frequently attempt to kidnap him to teach them the ways of man. However, his greatest enemy is Shere Khan the tiger, who killed the boy's father.Mowgli is soon spotted by an American traveler named Harrison, who wishes to take the man-cub to his circus in America. Mowgli escapes from Harrison and brings along Timo, the pet monkey of Harrison's companion named Chuchundra. Harrison enlists the help of a wealthy man named Buldeo to help him find Mowgli. Buldeo is none other than Mowgli's paternal uncle - Mowgli is the rightful heir to his father's inheritance. For this reason, Buldeo seeks a snake charmer named Karait who owns Kaa the python, in order to kill Mowgli, pretending to use the snake to simply track the boy.Mowgli is banished by the wolves for bringing home Timo, who is believed to be a cousin of the bandar-log. Timo is later kidnapped by the bandar-log - Baloo and Mowgli arrive at the Ancient City, the home of the bandar-log to save Timo but Baloo is trapped in the process. Harrison, Buldeo, Karait and Chuchundra successfully capture Mowlgi and bring him to their camp. At night, Shere Khan attacks the camp and Mowgli escapes when fighting him off. However, he is ambushed by Buldeo who attempts to kill him but fails thanks to Harrison's intervention. Baloo escapes from the bandar-log and rescues Mowgli. The two then return to the Ancient City and manage to save Timo whilst encountering King Murphy who wishes to make Mowgli king. The four men arrive at the Ancient City and split up to find Mowgli. Harrison attempts to help Mowgli, along with Timo who are down in a temple with cobras, after having escaped from King Murphy and the Bandar-log, but is injured by Buldeo who finally reveals his true intentions of wanting to murder his nephew. He prevents Mowgli's escape from the temple by cutting the rope that he used to attempt to climb out, leaving his helpless nephew alone to face the cobras.Buldeo is confronted by Baloo and Bagheera who arrive to help Mowgli with the wolves. He hides in a canon which is lit by the bandar-log, being sent to the other side of the jungle where he is killed by Shere Khan. Meanwhile, Mowgli is rescued by Harrison Karait who used Kaa to get the boy out of the cobras' temple and returns Timo to Chuchandra. King Murphy realizes that Mowgli is leaving and he tells him that because he can't stay with him, the whole city can be his and he finally understood that it belongs to the jungle and says goodbye to him telling him that one day he will find his place in the world. Harrison offers to take Mowgli back to raise him as his own by offering him a home in the United States, having changed his mind about wanting the boy to be living in a circus. Mowgli instead decides to run with the wolves with Harrison and Chuchandra bidding him farewell.
1384	Squeeze (1996)	Drama	Squeeze are an English rock band that came to prominence in the United Kingdom during the new wave period of the late 1970s, and continued recording in the 1980s, 1990s and 2010s. In the UK, their singles "Cool for Cats", "Up the Junction", and "Labelled with Love" were top-ten chart hits. Though not as commercially successful in the United States, Squeeze had American hits with "Tempted", "Black Coffee in Bed", and "Hourglass", and were considered a part of the Second British Invasion. In the vast majority of their material, lyrics are written by Chris Difford and music by Glenn Tilbrook, who are guitarists and vocalists in the band. The duo were hailed as "the heirs to Lennon and McCartney's throne" during the band's initial popularity in the late 1970s. The group formed in Deptford, London, in 1974, and first broke up in 1982. Squeeze then reformed in 1985, and disbanded again in 1999. The band were also noted as a launchpad for the successful careers of their keyboard players, Jools Holland and Paul Carrack. The band reunited for tours through the United States and United Kingdom in 2007. In 2010, they issued Spot the Difference, an album of newly recorded versions of older material. The band's first album of all-new material since 1998, Cradle to the Grave, was released in October 2015, followed by another album, The Knowledge, in October 2017.
1385	Roseanna's Grave (For Roseanna) (1997)	Comedy, Romance	Roseanna is dying of a heart condition, and all she wants is to be buried next to her daughter, in a cemetery that is getting full fast. The cemetery can't expand because Capestro, the man who owns the land next to the cemetery, won't sell. While Marcello is doing good deeds to make sure no one dies, Roseanna thinks of Marcello's future.
1386	Tetsuo II: Body Hammer (1992)	Sci-Fi	Yatsu - known as "The Metal Fetishist" or "The Guy" - holds out his index finger like a gun and fires at a man, killing him.Taniguchi Tomoo, a salaryman married and with a son named Minori, does not have any memories before his adoption at eight years old. On a trip out, two skinheads use an injection gun to inject him with an unknown substance and kidnap Minori. After a chase, they retreat, leaving the boy unharmed. Rattled by the encounter, during which he thought his son was killed, Tomoo starts working out and is suddenly capable of enormous feats of strength.Later, Minori is kidnapped again from his house. Tomoo chases the kidnappers to a roof where he again finds himself hanging on the edge, close to death. However, this time he manages to pull himself up, only to be told the skinhead already threw Minori off. Enraged, Tomoo unconsciously transforms his arm into a cannon. He shoots at the skinhead, who holds Minori in front of him, causing Tomoo to kill his own son. The skinhead escapes, leaving a distraught Taniguchi and his wife, who saw everything.The skinheads arrive at their hideout, where their accomplices work out lifting enormous weights. They meet the Mad Scientist, return the injection gun, and report the result of the experiment. The skinheads kidnap Tomoo, and the Mad Scientist manipulates his memories, furthering his change from man to machine. Yatsu, the leader of this cult, informs the Mad Scientist that his only goal is destruction and that every cult member will get an injection. Believing the injection gun is complete, Yatsu kills the Mad Scientist. Before he can kill Tomoo, he escapes.All cult members inject themselves and rapidly transform. One cult member pursues Taniguchi. In an abandoned factory, the skinhead tells Tomoo that they all want to be made into gods by Yatsu. The cult member taunts Tomoo by mentioning his son's death, causing him to transform and kill him. Later, it is revealed that the injection gun is imperfect and all cult members' bodies are rapidly rusting.Taniguchi's wife, Kana, discovers that Tomoo's injection was actually blocked by his pocket organizer and that he has had this ability all along. When he gets home, she panics and flees the house, only to be kidnapped.Yatsu tells Kana about her husband, who possesses incredible power but chooses not to use it unless he's pushed. Tomoo eventually finds the cult's hideout. Yatsu talks to Taniguchi, then seemingly kills Kana. Her death pushes Tomoo completely over the edge and he fully transforms. Yatsu and Taniguchi fight and Tomoo eventually gains the upper hand. Yatsu shoots a cable into Tomoo, linking their minds.Tomoo and Yatsu are actually brothers, whose father wanted to create the perfect human weapon. He trained his sons with guns, then made the guns part of them. The boys witness their father killing their mother in a bizarre sex ritual involving the woman sucking on a gun. Tomoo lost his mind, transformed his arm into a cannon and repeatedly shot at his parents while grinning. He had been repressing all memories of his past because of this traumatizing experience.Tomoo and Yatsu merge into a giant half-human, half-metal creature. Tomoo begs Kana to inject him with the gun that will make him rust to death, but she refuses to harm him. The Tomoo/Yatsu creature merges with the cultists and turns into an armoured vehicle that moves through the city. Kana holds on to the side of the machine as it travels down a highway.An unknown amount of time later, Kana, Tomoo - in his human form - and his son are walking through the desolate ruins of a city. Kana remarks on how peaceful the place has become.
1387	Fall (1997)	Romance	Michael Shiver (Eric Schaeffer) is a cab driver in New York City. One day, supermodel Sarah Easton (Amanda de Cadenet) enters his taxi and they have a brief but intense exchange. A few days later, at a restaurant having dinner with his two close friends, he sees her by chance and they have a short interaction.The story continues with the two of them becoming interested in each other, discussing their intense attraction and falling in love, all while Sarah's husband is away in Rome. Michael writes her love poems (narrated in Michael's voice) and sends them by fax, and surprises her with romantic gifts such as a thousand roses delivered to her hotel room in Spain, while Sarah is there for a modeling assignment and to visit her husband.Near the end of the film, Sarah is conflicted, causing a rift between the lovers. Sarah says Michael can't understand her life and that everything happens on his terms. Michael reveals that he was once a successful writer with a novel on the best-seller list, and he had known that life, but did not feel fulfilled by it so he walked away and became a cab driver. Sarah goes back to her husband and Michael sends her his best-selling book, along with a last letter, with Michael reflecting on their affair. The film ends with Michael's narration.
1388	Gabbeh (1996)	Drama	The film derives its name from a type of Persian rug. It begins by showing an elderly couple, carrying their gabbeh, walking towards a river hoping to wash it. When the rug is spread upon the ground, a girl, referred to as Gabbeh, magically comes out of it. The film follows her story and the audience learn about her family, her uncle who is hoping to find a bride, and, most importantly, her longing for a young man she hopes to marry.
1389	Mondo (1996)	Drama	After witnessing the destruction of the Command Center, the powerless Rangers discover the Zeo Crystal intact in the rubble—apparently dropped by Goldar and Rito Revolto. The Crystal guides them to a portal which takes them deep underground to the Power Chamber where they find Zordon and Alpha 5 waiting for them. The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers become the Zeo Rangers, a new team of Rangers powered by the Zeo Crystal. The four remaining Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, Tommy Oliver, Adam Park, Rocky DeSantos and Katherine Hillard become Zeo Ranger V — Red, Zeo Ranger IV — Green, Zeo Ranger III — Blue and Zeo Ranger I — Pink respectively and Tanya Sloan joins the team as Zeo Ranger II — Yellow, while Billy Cranston chooses to become their technical advisor rather than continuing as a Ranger.The Machine Empire, led by King Mondo and Queen Machina, enters Earth's solar system, seeking to conquer Earth, with the Zeo Rangers serving as the only opposition. Many, even Rita Repulsa and Lord Zedd, are forced to flee to the M51 Galaxy under the threat of destruction. Unbeknownst to anyone, Rito and Goldar – now amnesiac – are left behind on Earth. They are taken in by Bulk and Skull, who have them serve as butlers. Meanwhile, Bulk and Skull continue to be members of the Junior Police Force until Lt. Jerome Stone is dismissed when Bulk tries to win the heart of the chief's daughter. Quitting as a show of respect for Stone, they join him at his new detective agency.Over time, the Machine Empire wears down the five Zeo Rangers, but they are rescued by the mysterious Gold Ranger. Though his identity is unknown, it quickly becomes clear he is there to help the Rangers. After he is injured in battle, it is revealed that the mysterious Gold Ranger is an alien, Trey of Triforia. Split into three separate selves, Trey is forced to temporarily pass his powers to a worthy warrior while healing. They attempt to transfer Trey's powers to Billy, but as Billy acquired excess negative energy during the Command Center's destruction, he is unable to do so. Ultimately the successor is Jason Lee Scott, the first Red Power Ranger and team leader. This event also sees the introduction of the more powerful Super Zeo Zords, which are used against a tougher generation of machines. The Super Zeo Megazord is powerful enough to later destroy King Mondo, creating a power vacuum in the Machine Empire.Secretly returning from the M51 Galaxy, Lord Zedd and Rita seek to take power again. Operating out of an RV with Finster, they restore Goldar and Rito's memories, retrieving the pair in the process. After King Mondo's death, they launch their first plan, to use Louie Kaboom to take over the Machine Empire. Though he succeeds, he breaks free of Zedd and Rita's control. He embarks on his own plans to conquer Earth and destroy the Zeo Rangers. Louie is eventually killed by King Mondo's first-born son Prince Gasket and his wife Princess Archerina, who rule until King Mondo's reconstruction is complete, which causes them to flee.When Billy begins rapidly aging as a side-effect of restoring his proper age before undoing Master Vile's spell in the last series, the Zeo and Aquitian Rangers race to help him and fend off monsters from King Mondo as well as Zedd and Rita. Billy leaves Earth for treatment on Aquitar and chooses to stay to be with Cestria. Soon after, it is discovered the Gold Ranger powers are leaving Jason and draining his life force in the process as the alien powers were not meant for a human. Trey is still in recovery, but a risky gamble with the Zeo Crystal heals him, restoring his powers. Rita and Lord Zedd finally get revenge on the Machine Empire by crippling their leaders with a bomb.
1390	Innocent Sleep, The (1995)	Crime	The Innocent Sleep is a 1996 British thriller film directed by Scott Michell and starring Rupert Graves, Michael Gambon and Franco Nero. In the film, a homeless man witnesses a gangland killing and becomes a target himself; the film is inspired by the Roberto Calvi murder.
1391	For Ever Mozart (1996)	Drama	The film is divided into four parts, which Godard has subsequently given by name.
1392	Locusts, The (1997)	Drama	In 1955, drifter Clay Hewitt wanders into a small Kansas town seeking employment to finance a visit to his older brother in California. He develops a relationship with local beauty queen Kitty and befriends farmhand Earl, who gets him a job at a local cattle farm owned by wealthy widow Delilah Ashford Potts, known for maintaining sexual relationships with her young employees. Delilah's husband committed suicide after catching her cheating on him. Clay rejects Delilah's advances, and quickly develops a rivalry with her latest lover, Joel Carter.Clay befriends Delilah's sensitive and introverted son, Joseph "Flyboy" Potts, who has just returned from a psychiatric institution and whose only companion is his late father's aging pet bull. Flyboy was institutionalized for eight years after finding his father's corpse as a child, and is constantly emasculated by Delilah by being forced to cook and clean for the farmhands, who frequently mistreat him. Clay takes Flyboy under his wing and confides to him that his older brother died in an accident two years prior. At Clay's suggestion, Flyboy asks Delilah to be allowed to work with the animals at the farm. Delilah responds by having Joel tie up Flyboy and force him to watch as she castrates Flyboy's pet bull, which bleeds to death. Horrified by Delilah's cruelty, Joel ends their romance and leaves the farm, and Delilah departs soon afterwards for a business trip.Clay admits to Kitty that he is on the run from the authorities after being wrongfully blamed for the death of an old girlfriend in his hometown – they were having sex in a pool when she slipped and broke her neck. He plans to skip town, and enlists her help to teach Flyboy how to stand up for himself before leaving. Kitty sets Flyboy up with one of her friends, but when she attempts to get intimate, Flyboy breaks down and admits to Clay that Delilah sexually abused him when he was a child and arranged for his father to catch them, driving him to suicide, for which Flyboy blames himself. Disgusted, Clay decides to take Flyboy with him.While Flyboy and Kitty wait for him at the lake, Clay returns to the farm to retrieve his payment and is confronted by Delilah, who has learned about the criminal charges against him. Delilah reveals that she became pregnant from being raped by her father, whom she killed in a fit of rage. Her husband, an old friend of her father, agreed to marry her and raise Flyboy as his own child to spare her the shame, but Delilah could never bring herself to love either of them, and instead sought to destroy them. She blackmails Clay into having sex with her in exchange for not turning him in. Flyboy returns to the farm to search for Clay and finds him in bed with Delilah, as she had intended. Heartbroken, Flyboy commits suicide in the same manner as his father did. An enraged Clay goes after Delilah, but she shoots herself before he gets to her. Kitty arrives and comforts Clay as he mourns Flyboy's death, and they then leave town together.
1393	Stag (1997)	Action, Thriller	At Ken's bachelor party, a group of men are partying with two stripper sisters named Serena (Taylor Dayne) and Kelly (Jenny McShane). Serena steals one of the men and makes love to him, while a group of men party with her sister Kelly. Kelly accidentally falls onto the stone floor and dies. Another person, her bodyguard, also dies in an accident. Arriving and witnessing the accidental deaths of Kelly and her bodyguard, Serena begins crying and confronts a group of men, who give a weak apology.Two of the men then kidnap Serena and hold her hostage upstairs. A group of men cover their tracks and eliminate the bodies of the two deceased people. A rescuer frees Serena, but he and Serena are kidnapped by their captors. He and Serena are later rescued. Grabbing the two guns in her hands, Serena shoots and murders her kidnappers.The reason the wild party began was to turn the tables on Ken, who had always made others the subject of his pranks.
1394	Swept from the Sea (1997)	Romance	Yanko Góral, a Ukrainian peasant, is swept ashore on the coast of Cornwall, England, after his emigrant ship sinks on its way to the United States in 1888. The bodies of his fellow passengers wash ashore and are soon buried in a mass grave. Yanko makes his way to the Swaffer farm, where his dishevelled appearance frightens the family. Amy Foster, however, is not frightened by the stranger. Amy is a loner who visits her parents, Mary and Isaac Foster every Sunday, despite receiving very little love from them. Her father calls her a "queer sort" who collects things that wash ashore, and blames her for his scandalous marriage—Mary was already pregnant before they were married. Amy attends to Yanko—washing, feeding, and caring for him. The next morning, Yanko is taken away by the townspeople to work as slave labour.A few months later, Dr. Kennedy and Mr. Swaffer are playing chess when Yanko approaches and shows the men a series of brilliant chess moves. Dr. Kennedy soon determines that the man is in fact Ukrainian. Having gained a newfound respect for the stranger, the Swaffers take him in, start paying him for his labor, and give him normal working hours. Yanko learns from the doctor that Miss Swaffer, on the eve of her wedding day, had a horse-riding accident and broke her spine. The doctor also reveals that he lost his wife and son to typhus "many lifetimes ago." The doctor's fatherly affection for Yanko is evident in their meetings, where Yanko learns English and the doctor learns chess. Yanko purchases a new suit of clothes with the wages he's saved up, which gives him the courage to visit Amy and ask her to walk out with him.When Mr. Swaffer learns of Yanko's interest in Amy, he tries to dissuade her from any romantic involvement. Amy's parents also urge her to stay away—her mother warning her that love is "God's trick upon women." When Yanko goes to church, he encounters a hostility in the congregation that bewilders him. "Their eyes are like glass," he later tells Amy, who finds him at the obelisk memorial for the ship's dead. There he learns for the first time what happened to his fellow passengers. To escape the hate, Amy takes Yanko to her secret cave filled with treasures she found on the shore, which she calls "gifts from the sea." Yanko and Amy dance and embrace in the cave.Soon after, while walking alone in town, Yanko is set upon by Amy's father and his thuggish friends, beaten up, and nearly drowned before being saved by Amy, who takes care of him in the coming days. Meanwhile, Dr. Kennedy has little sympathy for Amy, whom he considers "a little strange" and "slow of the mind". Kennedy chastises the father and his thuggish friends for their actions. Amy's father, however, retains his hatred for Amy whom Mary reveals to be in fact the child of his father, saying, "Not a tear. Bad you were conceived and bad you've remained." Mary had been employed by Isaac's father.After someone sets fire to Amy's cave, Miss Swaffer arranges for the cottage to be given to Amy and Yanko, who are soon married in church. Afterwards, they make love in the cave pool, with Yanko saying, "We are the lucky ones." Later that year they have a son, who is delivered by the doctor. Amy asks Yanko to show the child the sea, and he does, while the doctor looks on approvingly. Amy's new-found happiness, however, is soon cut short by the town's children who taunt her and call her a witch. When Yanko learns of this, he is angry and shares his feelings with Dr. Kennedy, who tries to console him. Believing he cannot leave because Amy has found a home in Cornwall, Yanko's greater concern is for his child and his future. Yanko tells the doctor, "I want him to be like you ... I want him to have the learning of great men. I want him to love the mystery of our universe." The doctor pledges to help his son.One day Yanko becomes sick with a fever. Dr. Kennedy arrives and treats him, gives Amy medicine to give to Yanko, and urges her to stay with him while the doctor continues his rounds. Unfortunately, Yanko's condition worsens and he becomes delirious—seeing a vision of his sinking ship. Unable to understand what he's saying, Amy doesn't know what to do, and when Yanko loses control and the medicine bottle smashes, Amy flees the cottage with the child in a rainstorm in search of help. Her first stop is at her parents' house, but her mother turns her away. On the road she stops a neighbor and pleads for help, but is also rejected. Finally, she makes it to the Swaffers' house, and Miss Swaffer agrees to watch the baby while Mr. Swaffer accompanies Amy back to her cottage. Meanwhile, Dr. Kennedy returns to the cottage and discovers Yanko lying on the floor near death. Shortly after, Amy arrives and takes her dying husband in her arms as he says, "I would change nothing, my love, my gold—we are the lucky ones."Years later, Dr. Kennedy complains to Miss Swaffer about Amy not having shown appropriate grief for her deceased husband. He wonders how she could wipe Yanko's memory from her mind so easily, but Miss Swaffer points out that the doctor has wiped from his memory his own ghosts of his dead wife and son. Soon after, Dr. Kennedy visits Amy and apologizes for wronging her, asks to be forgiven, and the two embrace. Amy declares, "I will love him until the end of the world." Dr. Kennedy concludes his story to Miss Swaffer saying, "He came across the world to love and be loved by Amy Foster."
1395	Hurricane Streets (1998)	Drama	14-year-old Marcus Frederick resides in Manhattan's Lower East Side with his grandmother, Lucy. His mother Joanna has spent the last nine years of Marcus's life in prison for smuggling undocumented people into New Mexico, while his father presumably died in a car accident when Marcus was five. Lucy owns and operates her own bar called Lucy's, which gives Marcus a lot of unsupervised time to spend with his four friends Chip, Benny, Louis, and Harold. The group spends their time committing petty theft and hanging around in their underground clubhouse near the waterfront. Chip has grown tired of the small-time crime and wants to move into more serious theft, such as robbery. Meanwhile, Marcus has aspirations to move back to his home state of New Mexico and live on a ranch with his uncle Billy, who had promised to mail Marcus an airplane ticket.While selling stolen merchandise to elementary school children one day, Marcus meets 14-year-old Melena. Marcus invites Melena to his fifteenth birthday party, but she declines because her father Paco, an abusive tow truck driver, doesn't approve of her staying out late. That night, Melena sneaks out of her apartment and meets Marcus in front of the bar where she gives him her ski mask as a gift before leaving.The next morning, Marcus receives a flight ticket to New Mexico in the mail and relays this information to Lucy. Unbeknownst to Marcus, the ticket was actually sent by Mack, a regular patron at the bar who believes it would do Marcus well if he left the city.Marcus, Benny, and Louis are subsequently introduced to Justin and Shane, Chip's drug-dealing friends from Miami. Marcus tells Melena about his plans to move to New Mexico and asks her to join him, but she turns it down because she knows her father would never approve and she is not able to afford the ticket.When Marcus is hauled to the police station for continuing to sell stolen goods, he learns from a detective named Hank that his mother is actually in prison for murder, not smuggling undocumented immigrants like she had told him. Marcus visits Joanna and tells her about Melena and his plans to travel to New Mexico. When Marcus confides that he knows she's in prison for murder, Joanna explains that his father was abusive towards her and young Marcus and she didn't know how to tell her son without upsetting him. She also discloses her parole hearing isn't until another four years, but promises Marcus they will go to New Mexico once she is out.Marcus' friends plan on breaking into a policeman's apartment and stealing his valuables, but Marcus refuses to get involved after his run-in with the police. Paco drives to the group's clubhouse where Melena and Marcus congregate regularly. Paco finds the pair and harshly disciplines Melena before leaving with her. A vengeful Marcus rides his bicycle to Melena's apartment and knocks Paco out cold.Marcus and Melena run away and camp out in a tent for the day. They plan to meet at Penn Station at noon the next day to catch the train after Melena agrees to travel to New Mexico with him. In order to procure the money for the train fare, Marcus joins his friends in the robbery plot. Meanwhile, in his search for Melena, Paco sneaks back to the clubhouse. When he hears the group approaching, he hides in the closet.When Chip insults Harold's ability to play darts, Harold pulls out a stolen gun and jokingly shoots the target on the dartboard to show off. Unknowingly, Harold has shot and killed Paco, whose body falls from the closet. Marcus takes the keys to Paco's tow truck and uses the crane to lift and release Paco's body into a shallow grave. Harold's guilt prompts Marcus' fears that he may go to the police.On the day Marcus and Melena are supposed to leave New York, Marcus visits the ruins of a building where he keeps a hidden stash of money, only to find that it is missing, along with the loot from the robbery. While Marcus is riding his bicycle downtown, he sees Chip showing off a brand new Diamondback bicycle to a crowd of onlookers. Marcus punches him in the face, accusing Chip of stealing the robbery loot and his money stash to pay for the bike. Justin and Shane accost Marcus before the former reveals he is the one who stole the money, not Chip. Justin, Shane, and Chip then mercilessly beat Marcus to the ground before leaving.Marcus returns to the clubhouse and takes the gun before noticing an unmarked car and a police cruiser pull up. It is revealed that Benny reported Paco's murder to the police. Two police officers question Lucy on Marcus's whereabouts. Soon after, Chip is arrested by police. Running out of time and desperate for cash, Marcus enters a convenience store and robs the cashier, Duane, at gunpoint. Marcus races to Penn Station where he reunites with Melena. The two board the train and Melena, not knowing her father is dead, remarks that her dad is going to kill her when he finds out she has left. Marcus, knowing the truth about her father, doesn't respond.
1396	Stonewall (1995)	Drama	Matty Dean, a young gay man, arrives in New York City and heads for Greenwich Village. He falls in with crossdressing sex worker La Miranda and friends, who take him to Stonewall Inn. There is a police raid and Matty and La Miranda are arrested. They are bailed out by Bostonia, the African-American "mother" of the queens who hang out at Stonewall, and the secret lover of Vinnie, the deeply closeted mafioso who runs Stonewall. Matty and La Miranda go back to her place where she receives her draft notice. Matty attends a meeting of the Mattachine Society, where he meets Burt and Ethan. The group is planning a picket at Independence Hall in Philadelphia. Matty later witnesses an initiation of sorts as a young man named José becomes the persona Camelia. After the ceremony they return to La Miranda's place and have sex.Matty spends time with Ethan, who is a writer under a pseudonym for a homophile magazine. La Miranda reports to the induction center in full drag and is ordered to go for psychological evaluation. La Miranda is terrified because of former bad experiences with psychiatrists, so Matty dons her clothes and meets with the doctor in her place, securing a rejection from military service for her as a "sexual deviant." On the subway ride home, La Miranda tells Matty that she’s never had a hero before and asks if he loves her, to which he replies that it’s his turn to be scared.At a Mattachine meeting, Matty is disgusted by the guest speaker, a psychiatrist who discourses on the then-current disease model of homosexuality, and leaves. After the meeting Burt, Ethan and Matty argue about it on their way to meet with a reporter and photographer from the Village Voice newspaper. The group stages a "sip-in," trying to illustrate discriminatory alcohol service laws by being refused service but no one refuses to serve them until they go to Stonewall. At the bar La Miranda and Ethan meet and Ethan treats her mockingly. La Miranda realizes that Matty hasn't told his Mattachine friends about her and storms out. Matty follows and they argue about La Miranda's refusal to conform and Matty's feeling the need to be with more masculine men. Matty seeks out Ethan and they begin an affair.Vinnie points out a clinic he calls the "Palace of Dreams" and tells Bostonia that he wants her to have sex reassignment surgery so that they can marry, but she is opposed to the idea.Following the Philadelphia picket, Ethan takes Matty to Fire Island. Given the choice between Ethan's acceptance of discrimination and La Miranda's defiance, Matty chooses La Miranda and they reconcile.It is the day of Judy Garland's death. Bostonia watches the television coverage. To cheer her up, Vinnie takes her out in full drag in public for the first time. They have ice cream at a fancy restaurant, their open affection drawing disapproving stares, and they are asked to leave by the manager.As they wake up together the next morning, Vinnie asks Bostonia if he's ever told her that he loves her. She says no. Vinnie suddenly commits suicide with a bullet through the head and Bostonia becomes hysterical. Vinnie has left her a large amount of cash and scrawled "I LOVE YOU" on a mirror in lipstick.That night at Stonewall there's another raid. Several of the queens are arrested, including Bostonia. She smashes a police officer in the face and is attacked by other cops. Then other queens fight back, touching off the riots that marked the beginning of the gay community's militant advocacy movement for its rights.
1397	Of Human Bondage (1934)	Drama	Sensitive, club-footed artist Philip Carey is a Briton who has been studying painting in Paris for four years. His art teacher tells him his work lacks talent, so he returns to London to become a medical doctor, but his moodiness and chronic self-doubt make it difficult for him to keep up in his schoolwork.Philip falls passionately in love with tearoom waitress Mildred Rogers, even though she is disdainful of his club foot and his obvious interest in her. Although he is attracted to the anaemic and pale-faced woman, she is manipulative and cruel toward him when he asks her for a date. Her constant response to his romantic invitations is "I don't mind", an expression so uninterested that it infuriates him – which only causes her to use it all the more. His daydreams about her distract him from his studies, and he fails his medical examinations.When Philip proposes to her, Mildred declines, telling him she will be marrying Emil Miller (a loutish salesman) instead. The self-centred Mildred vindictively berates Philip with nasty insults for becoming romantically interested in her.Philip begins to forget Mildred when he becomes involved with Norah, an attractive and considerate romance writer working under a male pseudonym. She slowly helps him resolve his painful addiction to Mildred. However, just when it appears that Philip is finding happiness, Mildred returns, pregnant and claiming that Emil has abandoned her.  Philip provides a flat for her, arranges to take care of her financially, and breaks off his relationship with Norah. Norah and Philip admit how interpersonal relationships may amount to bondage (Philip was bound to Mildred, as Norah was to Philip, and as Mildred was to Emil).  Philip's intention is to marry Mildred after her child is born, but a bored and restless Mildred is an uninterested mother, and she  hands the baby's care to a nurse.At a dinner party celebrating their engagement, one of Philip's medical student friends, Harry Griffiths, flirts with Mildred, who somewhat reciprocates. After Philip confronts Mildred, she runs off with Griffiths to Paris. A second time, Philip again finds some comfort in his studies, and with Sally Athelny, the tender-hearted daughter of one of his elderly patients in a charity hospital. The Athelny family is caring and affectionate, and they take Philip into their home.Once again, Mildred returns with her baby, this time expressing remorse for deserting him. Philip cannot resist rescuing her and helping her recover from another failed relationship. Things take a turn for the worse when Mildred moves in, spitefully wrecks his apartment, destroys his paintings and books, and burns the securities and bonds he was given by an uncle to finance his tuition. Philip is forced to quit medical school. Before he leaves the institution, an operation corrects his club foot. The Athelnys take Philip in when he is unable to find work and is locked out of his flat, and he takes a job with Sally's father as a window dresser.As time progresses, a letter is sent to Philip which informs him that his uncle has died, leaving a small inheritance. With the inheritance money, Philip is able to return to medical school and pass his examinations to become a physician.  Later, Philip meets Mildred, now sick with tuberculosis, destitute, and — the movie obliquely hints — working as a prostitute. Her baby has died, and she has become distraught. Before Philip can visit her again, she dies in a hospital charity ward. With Mildred's death, Philip is finally freed of his obsession, and he makes plans to marry Sally.
1398	Anna (1996)	Drama	Anna Sergeyevna Kournikova Iglesias (née Kournikova; Russian: Анна Сергеевна Курникова; Russian: [ˈanːə sʲɪrˈɡʲejɪvnə ˈkurnʲɪkəvə] ; born 7 June 1981) is a Russian model and television personality, and former professional tennis player. Her appearance and celebrity status made her one of the best known tennis stars worldwide. At the peak of her fame, fans looking for images of Kournikova made her name one of the most common search strings on Google Search. Despite never winning a singles title, she reached No. 8 in the world in 2000. She achieved greater success playing doubles, where she was at times the world No. 1 player. With Martina Hingis as her partner, she won Grand Slam titles in Australia in 1999 and 2002, and the WTA Championships in 1999 and 2000. They referred to themselves as the "Spice Girls of Tennis". Kournikova retired from professional tennis in 2003 due to serious back and spinal problems, including a herniated disk. She lives in Miami Beach, Florida, and played in occasional exhibitions and in doubles for the St. Louis Aces of World TeamTennis before the team folded in 2011. She was a new trainer for season 12 of the television show The Biggest Loser, replacing Jillian Michaels, but did not return for season 13. In addition to her tennis and television work, Kournikova serves as a Global Ambassador for Population Services International's "Five & Alive" program, which addresses health crises facing children under the age of five and their families.
1399	Stranger in the House (1997)	Thriller	John Sawyer was once a brilliant defence lawyer but his life has taken a downturn. He has become an alcoholic, his wife has left him, his sister is ashamed of him, while his daughter Angela, who still lives in his increasingly shabby large house, despises him. She follows her own life with a wild group of friends led by two rich boys, one of whom is her cousin, Desmond. Two poor boys are also part of the gang: an American criminal on the run called Barney and a Cypriot immigrant called Jo. Angela falls for Jo. After a vicious fight with Jo, Barney is immobilised and Angela hides him in the attic of her house, where he is shot dead by an intruder. The murder weapon is planted on Jo, who is arrested and put on trial. Nobody in town wants to defend him, so Angela begs her father to do so. John does not believe the case against Jo and starts his own investigation, through which he gradually gets his own life back together. Through careful observation and questioning, he works out who wanted Barney dead. It was his nephew Desmond, whom Barney humiliated when he hired him a whore. John confronts Desmond in his parents' house and, reading Dostoyevsky to him, makes him see that his only course is to confess. As John leaves the house, a proud and thankful Angela takes his arm.
1400	Picture Bride (1995)	Drama, Romance	In 1918, Riyo is a young Japanese woman who becomes a picture bride for a man who works as a field hand on a sugarcane plantation in Hawaii. It is Riyo's aunt who facilitates the match as Riyo's father has long been deceased. Riyo is shown a picture of the handsome Matsuji, her husband-to-be in Hawaii. When Riyo arrives in Honolulu, she discovers that Matsuji is actually twenty years older than her, and had sent a photo that was taken of him when he was a young man. Riyo is disappointed but goes through with the wedding in a mass ceremony with other "picture couples".She joins Matsuji on a wagon that takes her to her new home, a ramshackle house in the sugarcane plantation. As she walks past the darkened fields to their home, Riyo hears a faint sound on the wind of a woman singing. When she asks about it, Matsuji half-jokes that the ghosts of the canefields have come to welcome her. That night, they sleep on the same mat, but Riyo fights off his attempts at intimacy and hides beneath a blanket.The next day, Riyo is given an ID tag to wear around her neck and goes to work in the sugarcane fields. She is unfamiliar with farm work and slows the other workers down, leading her to be harassed and ridiculed by Antone, the luna (field supervisor). Yayoi, who leads the women workers, prompts Kana, another picture bride who arrived several years before, to mentor Riyo. Over time, Riyo and Kana become friends. Riyo learns that Kana's husband Kanzaki frequently beats her and goes out gambling. To escape the abuse, Kana goes out to the fields at night with her baby, where she sings and sleeps.Riyo agrees to help Kana with her side business of doing laundry for the workers. She saves her earnings from her laundry work and farm work in a tin can, determined to earn her passage back to Japan. Matsuji begins drinking and gambling, telling Riyo he intends to win enough money to get another bride. Kana advises Matsuji to become romantic and to take Rudolf Valentino as a role model to win Riyo's heart.Meanwhile, Yayoi departs with her family for Honolulu, asking Kana to take care of the other women caneworkers. Antone the luna becomes more exacting on the workers to meet the harvest in time. One day, he has the workers set fire to the cane fields to burn off the leaves for harvesting, but in a hurry to get the job done, he does not let the women locate their children first. To Kana's horror, she cannot find her baby daughter Kei, who has wandered into the fields. She rushes into the burning field to find her daughter, but neither mother nor daughter returns.After this tragedy, the workers talk about waging a strike. Matsuji asks Riyo to contribute some of her earnings to help with the strike, but she refuses, still nursing the hope she can use the money to return to Japan. One night, Riyo continues to hear the sound of a woman singing in the fields and leaves the house to follow the sound. Matsuji pursues her and accuses her of having a secret lover. As they sit under a tree, Riyo discloses that when she was a child, both of her parents died of tuberculosis, which at that time carried tremendous social stigma. Although Riyo was healthy, her matchmaker aunt lied to Matsuji about his bride-to-be's status. That night, when Riyo tentatively reaches out to him as they lie in bed, he brusquely turns away.Feeling betrayed, the next day Riyo gathers her savings and a few belongings and runs away, eventually finding herself at the ocean. After falling asleep on the shore, she is awakened by the sound of singing and glimpses a woman walking among the shoreline rocks. She runs after the vision and encounters Kana, who says she is leaving for Japan. When Riyo asks to accompany her, Kana gently says, "Who waiting for you there?" As Yayoi had done when she left the plantation, Kana hands her neck tag to Riyo and tells her to "take care of the girls." Kana turns to walk toward the sea and fades out of sight.Riyo awakens with Kana's neck tag in her hand. She returns to the plantation and to her house, where she finds Matsuji drunk. She puts him to bed, and he looks at her, saying, "I thought I was all alone again." Later that night, she hesitantly reaches out to touch his hand, and he reaches back; they embrace and consummate their relationship.The next day, Riyo surprises the other workers when she begins singing in the fields, as Kana and Yayoi had done. Though Antone tries to make fun of Riyo, she continues to sing with the realization that she has picked up the mantle of leadership. Matsuji makes a gift of a Buddhist altar to Riyo to honor her parents, and she is touched at his acceptance of her past.The film ends as Riyo, Matsuji, and the other workers dance in a circle at a lively Obon Festival. In a closing voiceover by Nobu McCarthy, an older Riyo describes how she imagines at times that she hears a woman's voice singing and realizes it is the voice of her own daughter singing to her children.
1401	M. Butterfly (1993)	Drama	The first act introduces the main character, René Gallimard, a civil servant attached to the French embassy in China. In a prison, Gallimard is serving a sentence for treason. Through a series of flashbacks and imagined conversations, Gallimard tells an audience his story about a woman that he loved and lost. He falls in love with a beautiful Chinese opera singer, Song Liling. Gallimard is unaware that all female roles in traditional Beijing opera were actually played by men, as women were banned from the stage. The first act ends with Gallimard returning to France in shame and living alone after he asks his wife, Helga, for a divorce, admitting to her that he's had a mistress.It is revealed in act 2 that Song had been acting as a spy for the Chinese government, and she is actually a man who has disguised himself as a woman to seduce Gallimard and extract information from him. They stay together for 20 years until the truth is revealed, and Gallimard is convicted of treason and imprisoned. Unable to face the fact that his "perfect woman" is a man, he retreats deep within himself and his memories. The action of the play is depicted as his disordered, distorted recollection of the events surrounding their affair.In act three, Song reveals himself to the audience as a man, without makeup and dressed in men's clothing. Gallimard claims he only loved the idea of Butterfly, never Song himself. Gallimard throws Song and his clothing off the stage, but holds onto Butterfly's kimono. In scene three, the setting returns to Gallimard's prison cell, as he puts on makeup and Butterfly's wig and kimono. Then he stabs himself, committing suicide just as Butterfly does in the opera.
1402	Ciao, Professore! (1993)	Drama	Marco Tullio Sperelli is a professor of Italian language for children from the region of Liguria in northern Italy. Due to a failure of the Ministry of Education, he is transferred not to another northern town, but instead a similar-sounding town near Naples, in southern Italy. There he finds a school where the students, teachers and parents deal with the poverty of the south in a resigned and practical manner that he feels are unworthy of the morality, ethics and education children should learn. (For example, most of the children avoid school because they must work for a living to help support their families.)Initially contemptuous of the attitudes in the south, and linking them to the underlying poverty, Marco Tullio requests a transfer back north. In the meantime, things are brought to a head by Raffaele, a student registered to his class who only shows up to recruit other children into the gangster lifestyle. Marco Tullio slaps Raffaele for threatening him with physical violence, and is then appalled when – instead of being scandalized by the event – the principal, children and even the boy's mother are encouraged by it because it means he may do what needs to be done to set the children on the right path. Marco Tullio attempts to withdraw his request for a transfer. Eventually, Raffaele grows respect for Marco Tullio after he helps save Raffaele's mother, who has become ill and needs transport to the hospital.In the end, Marco Tullio is transferred (it is implied that the principal, who does not like him for his arrogance, pushed the transfer through). As his train pulls away, he reads Raffaele's homework essay – the first homework he has handed in – which discusses the end of the world, and how many people will go to Hell, but some may yet enter Heaven. He ends with, "as for me, let's hope I make it" (hence the Italian version of the film title), implying that his improved behavior will not end with Marco Tullio's departure. The film ends as the teacher, watching through the window, sees the boy riding away on his moped.
1403	Caro Diario (Dear Diary) (1994)	Comedy, Drama	Caro diario (lit. 'Dear diary') is a 1993 Italian-French semi-autobiographical comedy film written, directed and co-produced by Nanni Moretti, who also stars as himself. The film is structured in three anthological episodes, presented as the chapters of Moretti's open diary, in which he describes his thoughts about various slice of life situations. The film was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival, where Moretti won the Best Director Award.
1404	Withnail and I (1987)	Comedy	In September 1969, two unemployed young actors, flamboyant alcoholic Withnail and contemplative, neurotic Marwood, live in a squalid flat in Camden Town, London. Their only regular visitor is their drug dealer, Danny. One morning, the pair squabble about housekeeping and then leave for a stroll. In Regent's Park, they discuss the poor state of their acting careers and the desire for a holiday; Marwood proposes a trip to a rural cottage near Penrith owned by Withnail's wealthy uncle Monty. They visit Monty that evening at his luxurious Chelsea house. Monty is a melodramatic aesthete, who Marwood infers is homosexual. The three briefly drink together as Withnail casually lies to Monty about his acting career. He further deceives Monty by implying that Marwood attended Eton College ("the other place"), whilst a lithograph of Harrow School seen earlier in the flat suggests that both Monty and Withnail were educated there. Withnail persuades his uncle to lend them the cottage key and they leave.Withnail and Marwood drive to the cottage the next day but find the weather cold and wet, the cottage without provisions and the locals unwelcoming—in particular a poacher, Jake, whom Withnail offends in the pub. Marwood becomes anxious when he later sees Jake prowling around the cottage and suggests they leave for London the next day. Withnail in turn demands that they share a bed in the interest of safety but Marwood refuses. During the night, Withnail fears that the poacher wants to harm them and climbs under the covers with Marwood, who angrily leaves for a different bed. Hearing the sounds of an intruder breaking into the cottage, Withnail again joins Marwood in bed. The intruder turns out to be Monty, with supplies.The next day, Marwood realises Monty's visit has ulterior motives when he makes aggressive sexual advances upon him; Withnail seems oblivious to this. Monty drives them into town and gives them money to buy Wellington boots but they go to a pub instead, and then to a small cafe where they cause a disturbance. Monty is hurt, though he forgets the offence as the three drink and play poker. Marwood is terrified by the thought of Monty's further sexual overtures and wants to leave immediately, but Withnail insists on staying. Late in the night, Marwood tries to avoid Monty's company but is eventually cornered in the guest bedroom as Monty demands sex. Monty also reveals that Withnail, during the visit in London, lied that Marwood was a closet homosexual. Marwood lies that Withnail is the closeted one and that the two of them are in a committed relationship, which Withnail wishes to keep secret from his family and that this is the first night in six years that they have not slept together. Monty, a romantic, believes this explanation and leaves after apologising for coming between them. In private, Marwood furiously confronts Withnail.The next morning, they find Monty has left for London, leaving a note wishing them happiness together. They continue to argue. A telegram arrives from Marwood's agent with a possible offer of work and he insists they return. As Marwood sleeps in the car, Withnail drunkenly speeds most of the way back until pulled over by the police who arrest him for driving under the influence. The pair return to the flat to find Danny and a friend named Presuming Ed squatting. Marwood calls his agent and discovers he is wanted for the lead part in a play but will need to move to Manchester to take it. The four share a huge cannabis joint but the celebration ends when Marwood learns they have received an eviction notice for unpaid rent, while Withnail is too high to care. Marwood—with new haircut—packs a bag to leave for the railway station. He turns down Withnail's offer of a goodbye drink, so Withnail walks with him to the station. In Regent's Park, Marwood reciprocates Withnail saying that he will miss him, and then leaves. Alone with bottle of wine in hand, Withnail performs "What a piece of work is a man!" from Hamlet to the wolves in a London Zoo enclosure, and then turns to walk home in the rain.
1405	Boy's Life 2 (1997)	Drama	Boys Life is a compilation of three 30-minute short subject films about being gay in America. Pool Days (1993, directed by Brian Sloan; starring Josh Philip Weinstein and Nick Kokotakis): a high school student in finds excitement in his health club job. A Friend of Dorothy (1994; directed by Raoul O'Connell; starring Raoul O'Connell and Kevin McClatchy): a college freshman hopes his handsome roommate is also gay. The Disco Years (1991; directed by Robert Lee King; starring Matt Nolan and Russell Scott Lewis): Tom is crushed when the tennis player with whom he had a fling leaves him for a girl and joins an openly homophobic crowd.
1406	When Night Is Falling (1995)	Drama, Romance	Camille Baker (Pascale Bussières) is a university literature professor at a religious college in a long-term relationship with fellow professor Martin (Henry Czerny). When her dog runs away and she finds him dead on the street, she ends up crying in the middle of the laundromat where she is approached by Petra (Rachael Crawford), who comforts her. Later on Camille realizes that her laundry was mixed up with Petra's and finds a business card inside the laundry bag. Going to return Petra's clothes she finds that Petra is a circus performer, and when she goes to Petra's trailer to retrieve her clothes Petra tells her that she would like to sleep with her. Confused and uncomfortable, Camille grabs her clothes and leaves. Petra later tracks Camille down and shoots an arrow through her window with a picture of herself and her phone number attached. Camille invites Petra inside and ends up kissing her before running away.Camille and Martin are being groomed to take over for the university chaplain, with the chaplain hinting heavily that they must marry in order to be promoted. At the interview Camille refuses to denounce homosexuality as a sin, and when asked what she would do if a male student came to her for advice on being attracted to another man, Camille cannot answer the question. Martin believes that Camille is acting unusual on purpose because of her discomfort over their future marriage, and embraces her. They are seen by Petra, who was waiting outside Camille's office. Afterwards Camille goes to see Petra, ostensibly to ask Petra to stop following her, but instead ends up asking her to become her friend after telling her that the kiss was a mistake.Petra takes Camille hang-gliding, and though Camille is initially reluctant to participate, Petra urges her onward by telling her that night is falling and they will miss their chance if they don't hurry. While hang gliding Camille ends up injuring her knee. Petra takes her home and then massages her, with the massage quickly turning sexual as Petra unbuttons her blouse and takes off Camille's bra. They are interrupted by the university chaplain (David Fox) visiting Camille. Camille passes Petra off as an acquaintance, and when she refuses to leave, excuses her to the chaplain by saying she is a disturbed street kid. Petra leaves in anger and Camille goes to Martin's house, where she has sex with him. However, when Martin leaves to go to a conference, Camille cannot stop herself from fantasizing about Petra and goes to the circus to see her, where the two have sex.Camille goes to the chaplain seeking guidance, and he is more understanding than she anticipated. She goes to the circus where Petra and the rest of the performers are celebrating an invitation to Circumstance, a festival for Circus performers. She and Petra begin a relationship and they discuss the possibility of Camille joining Petra in the circus. Meanwhile, Martin, who has returned from his trip, waits for Camille in her home and finds the picture of Petra with her number written on it. He goes to the circus and sees Camille and Petra naked in the trailer. After Camille leaves without seeing him he introduces himself to Petra and then leaves, but not before hitting the outside of her trailer in anger, scaring Petra.Camille meanwhile heads home to break up with Martin, and is surprised to find him already there. He urges her to think before she speaks, telling her that they have a good relationship and suggesting that her passion for Petra will fade. Thinking things over, Camille heads into the woods to finally bury her dead dog, whom she had kept in the fridge until that point. After burying the dog, she begins drinking and passes out in a snowbank. She is found by the hang gliders who had joined her and Petra on their first outing as friends. They call Petra and she rushes to Camille's side, wrapping her body around her and trying to revive her. Once revived Camille joins Petra and the circus on their way to Circumstance. The director of the circus (Tracy Wright), who had dreamed of running away, stays in the city where she and Martin spot each other outside a café.
1407	Specialist, The (1994)	Action	In 1984, Captain Ray Quick and Colonel Ned Trent, explosives experts working for the CIA, are on a mission to blow up a car transporting a South American cocaine dealer. But when the car appears, a little girl is inside with the dealer. Ray insists they abort the mission, but Ned intends to see it through and allows the explosion to happen, and the child is subsequently killed, along with the dealer. Furious, Ray beats Ned, reports him to his superiors and resigns from the CIA.Years later, in Miami, Ray works as a freelance hit man. He answers ads placed by a woman named May Munro and speaks to her often to decide if he should take the job or not. She is the only child of parents who were killed by Tomas Leon and his men. Against his better judgment, and pushed by her insistence that she will infiltrate the gang with or without him, Ray is persuaded to accept the job. Even though he has agreed, May ingratiates herself into Tomas' world as Adrian Hastings.Ned now works for Joe Leon, Tomas' father and director of their organized crime syndicate. Once the hits on their lower level men begin, they contact the chief of police to place Ned in their bomb squad. May tolerates Tomas and plays along as his girlfriend to personally watch the hits one by one. It is revealed that May has actually been forced into a partnership with Ned, whose goal was to coax Ray out of hiding. After the job in South America went wrong, Ned was dismissed from the CIA and is intent on revenge.When a trap for Tomas is set, May is in the room; the resulting explosion appears to kill them both. Ned goes to Joe to pay his respects;  the grieving father lets Ned live only so he can find Ray and take him alive before Tomas is buried. Ray and Ned believe May is dead, yet Ray discovers bulletin board messages are still being posted. He responds to one, realizing that it is a trap set by Ned and the bomb squad, and baits Ned into an explosive tirade.At the funeral of Adrian Hastings, Ray finds that May is alive. She went there to see if Ray would attend. The two go to the Fontainebleau Hotel and have sex. She then leaves. Meanwhile, Ned has gone to the cathedral and learns that the person in the casket is not May. She runs into Ned in the hotel lobby and makes an excuse as to why she did not reveal that she was alive. A henchman is ordered to take her to the car, and en route, she asks to use the restroom. Once there, she calls to warn Ray. He rigs the hotel room to explode. When Ned's henchmen appear, it detonates, killing three of them.May is taken to Joe Leon but Ned insists on keeping her alive to lure Ray out. Ned listens in as Ray calls May, he refuses to meet with her and be "set up" again, but she convinces him that she truly does care about him. He arranges a meeting at a seafood restaurant and May uses secret coding to tell him it is a trap before hanging up. When Ned sends May inside, the restaurant explodes. Ray and May escape to his warehouse. Ned listens to the recording of Ray's call and tracks down his location. The next morning, May is preparing to leave to kill Joe Leon herself, but Ray tells her to let go of the past. Ned arrives with an army of police that surround the booby-trapped warehouse. Ray and May are cornered. While pursuing them, Ned steps on a mine. The warehouse explodes, killing Ned; Ray and May escape unseen through a tunnel.The next day, Joe opens his mail and finds a necklace. It contains a picture of May's parents and is rigged with a bomb, which kills Joe instantly. After hearing the necklace explode and knowing all responsible for her parents' death are dead, Ray asks how May feels, to which she responds, "Better". They drive off to start their life together.
1408	Gordy (1995)	Comedy	Kerry Ashby Gordy (born June 25, 1959) is a career music executive and fourth eldest child of the founder of Motown Records, Berry Gordy. Kerry is the chief executive officer of Kerry Gordy & Associates, Inc. LLC, KGIP Inc., and NuVintage, LLC., intellectual property and branding companies focused on entertainment.
1409	Swan Princess, The (1994)	Animation, Children's	King William and his friend Queen Uberta both have a child; Uberta has a son named Derek and William has a daughter named Odette. The two want their children to marry when they grow up so they can unite their two kingdoms forever. However, sorcerer Rothbart plans to take King William's kingdom for himself. William discovers his plans and Rothbart is banished. He swears revenge.Derek and Odette hate each other as children but when they reach adulthood, they do fall in love. However, when Derek can't think of anything he loves Odette for besides her beauty, she rejects him, disappointed. On her way home, she and her father are ambushed by Rothbart, who transforms into a "Great Animal", kidnapping Odette and fatally injuring William. The dying William tells Derek about the Great Animal and Odette. The kingdom assumes that she is dead, but Derek is determined to find her.Rothbart is keeping Odette captive at Swan Lake. To make her unable to leave, he casts a powerful spell that turns Odette into a swan during the day. She can temporarily return to her true form at night if she stands on the lake when the moonlight touches it. Rothbart's goal is to marry Odette so he can rule the kingdom. During her captivity, she befriends a turtle named Speed, a French frog named Jean-Bob, and an Irish puffin named Lieutenant Puffin.In the woods, Derek mistakes Odette for the Great Animal and tries to kill her. The ensuing chase leads him to Swan Lake, where he witnesses her reverting to a human. Odette tells Derek that to break the spell, he must make a vow of everlasting love. He invites her to the ball, hoping to declare to the world his love. Rothbart transforms his hag sidekick, Bridget, into a doppelgänger Odette to fool Derek into making his vow to the wrong woman, which will kill the real Odette. On the night of the ball, he imprisons Odette and Derek's friend Bromley.Odette's animal friends free her and she flies to the castle to warn Derek, but she is too late; Derek has made the vow. Realizing his mistake, Derek follows Odette back to Swan Lake, where she dies in his arms. A heartbroken Derek battles Rothbart and with the help of Bromley and Odette's animal friends, kills him.Derek confesses his love to Odette, realizing that it's the person Odette has become that he loves about her, and she comes back to life; the spell on her is broken by his love. Derek and Odette get married and they, along with his mother, Rogers, Bromley, King William's servants, and the animals move into Rothbart's castle.
1410	Harlem (1993)	Drama	The Harlem Globetrotters are an American exhibition basketball team. They combine athleticism, theater, entertainment, and comedy in their style of play. Over the years, they have played more than 26,000 exhibition games in 124 countries and territories, mostly against deliberately ineffective opponents, such as the Washington Generals (1953–1995, 2007-2015, 2017-present) and the New York Nationals (1995–2006). The team's signature song is Brother Bones' whistled version of "Sweet Georgia Brown", and their mascot is an anthropomorphized globe named "Globie". The team is owned by Herschend.
1411	Barbarella (1968)	Adventure, Sci-Fi	In an unspecified future,  space adventurer Barbarella is sent by the Earth's president to retrieve Durand Durand from the Tau Ceti planetary system. Durand is the inventor of a laser-powered weapon, the positronic ray, which Earth's leaders fear will cause mass destruction. Barbarella crash-lands on Tau Ceti's 16th planet and is knocked unconscious by two children. They bring her to the wreckage of a spaceship, where they bind and attack her using mechanical dolls with razor-sharp teeth. Barbarella is rescued by Mark Hand, the Catchman who patrols the ice looking for errant children. Hand tells her that Durand is in the city of Sogo and offers her a ride to her ship in his ice boat. When Barbarella offers to repay him, Hand asks her to have sex with him. Barbarella is confused since Earthlings no longer have intimate physical contact; instead, they take pills "until full rapport is achieved." Hand suggests having sex in his bed instead. Barbarella relents and enjoys it but admits that she understands why sex is considered primitive and distracting on Earth.Barbarella leaves the planet and crashes into a labyrinth inhabited by outcasts exiled from Sogo. She is found by Pygar, a blind angel who has lost the will to fly. Pygar introduces her to Professor Ping, who offers to repair her ship. Pygar flies Barbarella to Sogo, a den of violence and debauchery, after she restores his will to fly by having sex with him. Pygar and Barbarella are captured by Sogo's Black Queen and her concierge. The concierge describes the Mathmos: living energy in liquid form, powered by evil thoughts and used as an energy source in Sogo, which sits atop it. Pygar endures a mock crucifixion and Barbarella is placed in a cage, where hundreds of birds prepare to attack her. She is rescued by Dildano, leader of the local underground, who joins in her pursuit of Durand. Dildano gives her an invisible key to the Black Queen's chamber of dreams, where she sleeps.After returning to Sogo, Barbarella is promptly recaptured by the concierge. He places her in the "Excessive Machine" which induces fatal sexual pleasure. She outlasts the machine and makes it go haywire. The concierge, shocked at its destruction, reveals himself as Durand Durand. Barbarella is surprised since he is only 25 years old but has aged tremendously—a side effect of the Mathmos. Durand wants to overthrow the Black Queen and become Sogo's new leader, which requires using his positronic ray and gaining access to the Queen's chamber of dreams. Durand takes Barbarella to the chamber and locks her inside with the invisible key. She sees the Queen, who warns that if two people are in the chamber, the Mathmos will devour them. Durand seizes control of Sogo as Dildano and his rebels begin their attack on the city. The Black Queen retaliates by releasing the Mathmos to destroy Sogo. Because of Barbarella's innocence, the Mathmos form a protective bubble around her and the Black Queen and safely expels them. They find Pygar, who clutches them in his arms and flies off. When Barbarella asks Pygar why he saved a tyrant, he tells her that an angel has no memory of the past.
1412	Land Before Time III: The Time of the Great Giving (1995) (V)	Animation, Children's	Meteorites near the Great Valley cause a drought that threatens the inhabitants' lives. Mr. Threehorn becomes incredibly protective of the remaining water and mean to the inhabitants, forcing Littlefoot and the others to set out to find more water. The group is pursued by a trio of teenage dinosaurs consisting of a Hypsilophodon named Hyp, a Muttaburrasaurus named Mutt, and a Nodosaurus named Nod, who inadvertently cause Mr. Threehorn to think that Littlefoot is a bad influence. When Littlefoot and the others find a small lake, the bullies emerge and claim the waterhole for themselves, demanding Littlefoot and the others to keep silent about their discovery. Littlefoot and the others flee from the bullies but during the pursuit, the Hyp, Mutt and Nod are chased away by a wasp, and the children discover the reason behind the blockage of the water source.Before they can return and tell the other inhabitants the truth, lightning strikes a tree, igniting a wildfire that spreads throughout the Great Valley. The dinosaurs barely make it to safety at the edge of the Mysterious Beyond. When the children tell the adults of their discovery, disagreements about what to do erupts among the adults. Hyp, Nod, and Mutt set out into the Mysterious Beyond on their own to get to the water first. Anticipating danger that Hyp and his cohorts have gotten into and recognizing commonality with them, Littlefoot and the others follow to help if necessary. It becomes so when Hyp mistakes a tar pit for water and gets stuck in it. After Littlefoot and his friends haul Hyp out, the adults arrive and Hyp is harshly scolded by his father. Realizing that he has been acting no different than Hyp’s father and feeling sorry for Hyp, Mr. Threehorn kindly lectures Hyp's father on how Hyp is a bully from being mistreated. Afterwards, they all decide to work together to find the water.Before they can take further steps, the herd is attacked by a pack of Velociraptors. The pursuit leads to a dam of boulders created by the meteorites that caused the drought. As the raptors and the adults battle, the children, including Hyp and his cronies, work together to break the dam. They all watch as the freed water washes away the raptors. The water also puts out the fires which are still burning in the valley. Finally, they manage to survive and land on the opposite bank. The herd returns to the Great Valley, but they discover that the fire has destroyed most of their green food. Luckily, the dinosaurs find the spots in the Great Valley where green food still grows. They proportionately move from one verdant area to another and share everything they find. This pattern results in the event being called the Time of the Great Giving.
1413	Street Fighter (1994)	Action	In the Southeast Asian nation of Shadaloo, civil war occurs between the forces of drug lord-turned-General M. Bison and the Allied Nations led by Colonel William F. Guile. Bison captures 63 A.N. relief workers, and via a live broadcast, demands Guile secure a US$20 billion ransom in three days. Guile refuses and vows to track Bison down and place him on trial for his crimes. His assistant, Lieutenant Cammy White, is only partially able to pinpoint Bison's location to the river-delta region outside the city. One hostage is Guile's friend Sergeant Carlos "Charlie" Blanka, who Bison orders taken to his lab for his captive scientist, Dr. Dhalsim, to turn into the first of his supersoldiers. Though Charlie is severely disfigured by the procedure, Dhalsim secretly alters his cerebral programming to maintain Charlie's humanity.American con artists and martial artists Ryu Hoshi and Ken Masters attempt to swindle arms dealer Viktor Sagat by selling him fake weaponry. Sagat sees through the ruse and has Ryu fight his cage champion, Vega. However, Guile bursts in and arrests everyone present for violating a curfew. On the prison grounds, he witnesses Ryu and Ken fighting Sagat's men and recruits them to help him find Bison in exchange for their freedom, since Sagat is Bison's arms supplier. They are given a homing device and win Sagat's trust by staging a prison escape and faking Guile's death. News reporter Chun-Li Zhang, whose father was killed by Bison 20 years earlier, and her crew, former sumo wrestler Edmond Honda and boxer Balrog, who are out for revenge against Sagat for ruining their careers, stumble across the plan. Over Guile's objections, they attempt to assassinate Bison and Sagat at a party. To maintain the warlords' trust, Ryu and Ken stop the assassination, revealing the conspirators to Bison.Returning to his base, Bison inducts Ryu and Ken into his organization and orders Honda and Balrog imprisoned and Chun-Li taken to his quarters. Ryu and Ken break Balrog and Honda out of confinement and rush to confront Bison, who is fighting Chun-Li. Bison escapes and releases sleeping gas, sedating them all. Guile plans his assault on Bison's base. He is impeded by the A.N., who decide to pay Bison the ransom. Nevertheless, Guile and his loyal troops proceed with the mission. At the base, Dhalsim is found out by a security guard; during the ensuing fight, Charlie is released, and he kills the guard to protect Dhalsim. Guile arrives, sneaks into the lab, and encounters Charlie. Guile prepares to shoot Charlie to end his suffering, but Dhalsim stops him. Bison prepares to kill the hostages by unleashing Charlie on them, but Guile emerges and engages Bison's guards until the remaining A.N. forces arrive. After Bison makes it clear that he will not surrender peacefully, Guile orders his allies to rescue the hostages and engages Bison in a personal duel. As Guile and Bison fight, Ryu and Ken defeat Sagat and Vega. Bison's computer expert Dee Jay flees through a secret passage, joined by Sagat. Bison's bodyguard, Zangief, engages Honda in a fight until learning from Dee Jay that Bison was the true enemy of freedom and peace, and sides with Ryu and Ken to save the hostages.Guile gains the upper hand against Bison and kicks him into a bank of hard drives, electrocuting him. A revival system restores Bison, who reveals that his suit has advanced automatic first-aid mechanisms and electrical weaponry, including superconducting boots that enable him to fly. These gadgets allow Bison to gain the upper hand and beat Guile. As he moves to deal the death blow, Guile counters by kicking Bison into his monitor wall which explodes, apparently killing him and overloading the base's energy storage system. The hostages are rescued, but Guile stays behind to convince Dhalsim and Charlie to return with him. They refuse, with Dhalsim wishing to atone for his responsibilities in mutating Charlie. Guile flees the exploding base and reunites with his comrades.In a post-credits scene, Bison is restored once again when solar power reactivates his base's system, and his fist emerges through the rubble.
1414	Coldblooded (1995)	Action	Cosmo works as a bookie for Mafioso Max. He lives a dull life, residing in the basement of a retirement home, never having had a girlfriend or a date, but regularly seeing prostitute Honey.When Max dies, new Boss Gordon "promotes" Cosmo to hitman, against his wishes. He is shown the ropes by current hitman Steve, who soon notices that Cosmo is a natural talent: an excellent shot and very calm under pressure.When Cosmo feels remorseful and tense after his first murder, a delinquent debtor, Honey suggests Yoga. After class, Yoga teacher Jasmine comforts him when she sees him crying, which annoys her insensitive boyfriend Randy.When Cosmo talks to Steve about his feelings and tells him that he wants out, Steve confesses that he himself is haunted every night by his guilt and drinks heavily to dull the pain. During some of their next jobs, Steve seems to be affected by his alcoholism and makes mistakes, getting shot during one of them. He has to recuperate, leading Cosmo to perform some hits alone.Cosmo sees Jasmine cry over her boyfriend after class, comforts her and takes her out for a drink. They get along well and go on some dates. He talks to Steve about Jasmine and they conclude that he has fallen in love.When Jasmine dumps Randy, he arrives at her apartment while Cosmo is there. Cosmo suggests to Jasmine he talk with Randy while she hides, and she agrees. Cosmo pistol-whips and threatens him, then questions a bloody and visibly shaken Randy about Jasmine's preferences and desires, before successfully scaring him off. Jasmine, who did not see Cosmo's violence, is very thankful.Gordon requests Cosmo kill Steve, which upsets him. He declares his love for Jasmine and they have sex. Afterwards, he confesses to her that he is a hitman but promises to stop killing for her. Frightened, she throws him out.Cosmo visits Steve and again explains that he wants out. Having figured out that Cosmo is there to kill him, Steve tells him that he needs to kill Gordon and his associate John to get out. Cosmo agrees that this is a good plan but explains that he must first kill Steve to be able to get near Gordon, before shooting him. Later that evening, Cosmo goes to Gordon with a hidden gun and shoots him and John dead.Cosmo goes to Jasmine, explains that he is now finished with killing and reaffirms his love for her, but she rejects him. He tries to kill himself but cannot go through with it, then asks Jasmine to kill him, which she also cannot do. He then suggests murder–suicide. With Cosmo's gun pointed at her, Jasmine convinces herself that their relationship could work and they celebrate with Champagne.
1415	Next Karate Kid, The (1994)	Action, Children's	Mr. Miyagi travels to Arlington National Cemetery for a commendation for Japanese-Americans who fought in the 442nd Regimental Combat Team during World War II. He is referred to as  "Keisuke Miyagi" during the ceremony. While there he also meets Louisa Pierce, the widow of his commanding officer Jack Pierce, and they both listen to the opening speech given by Senator Daniel Inouye.At Pierce's home in Boston, Miyagi is also introduced to Pierce's granddaughter, Julie, a teen struggling with anger issues due to her parents' death in a car crash. Her behavior has led to friction between Julie and her grandmother, along with her fellow students and teachers. She sneaks into the school at night to care for an injured Harris's hawk named "Angel," which she keeps in a pigeon coop on the roof.Miyagi invites Louisa to stay at his house in LA to enjoy tending his garden while he remains in Boston as Julie's caretaker. At school, Julie meets and befriends Eric McGowen, a teenage security guard-in-training and a pledge for a shady school security fraternity, the Alpha Elite. The members are taught to enforce the school rules, mostly using physical force, by a self-styled colonel, Paul Dugan. His toughest and most aggressive student is the short-fused Ned Randall, who makes unwelcome sexual advances upon Julie.When Julie survives almost being hit by a car by jumping into a tiger position, she finally learns to confide in Miyagi when he recognizes her skill. She reveals she was taught karate by her father, who learned from her grandfather, Miyagi's student.While trying to feed Angel one night, Julie is detected by the Alpha Elite, who chase her through the school. Although she escapes them, she is arrested by the police and gets suspended for two weeks by Dugan.Miyagi uses this time to take Julie to a Buddhist monastery to teach her the true ways of karate and how to handle her anger issues. Julie learns through direct lessons about balance, coordination, awareness, and respect for all life. She befriends the monks, who eventually have a birthday party for her, giving her a cake and an arrow that Miyagi had caught in mid-flight in a demonstration of Zen archery. They also concede to her wish that they visit her in Boston, where they go bowling with Miyagi. A local player challenges them, loses the match, and accepts their tutelage in how to bowl a strike blind in the art of Zen Bowling.Upon returning to school, Julie discovers that Angel was found by Ned, who called animal control. Miyagi assists Julie in releasing the bird back into the wild, using the pain suppression technique from the first film to heal her broken wing.In preparation for the prom, Miyagi teaches Julie how to dance, and buys her a dress. Julie goes to the prom with Eric, but under Dugan's orders, the Alpha Elite bungee-jump in. When one of the members breaks his arm, Eric shows concern, but Ned tells him to stay out of it.Eric drives Julie home and kisses her. Ned follows them and smashes the windows of Eric's car with a baseball bat. Ned challenges him to a fight at the docks, and is joined there by Dugan and the Alpha Elite. They set fire to Eric's car and severely beat him, but he is saved by Julie and Miyagi.Ned tries to grab Julie, but she challenges him to a fight. She holds her own, using the karate she has learned, even when Ned throws mud in her face. Julie defeats Ned and turns her back on him. Dugan bullies the rest of the group to continue the fight, but they refuse. Miyagi challenges Dugan to a fight and wins, leading the Alpha Elite to abandon him. The film concludes with Angel flying freely above the water.
1416	No Escape (1994)	Action, Sci-Fi	In 2022, the penal system is run by corporations, and prisoners are seen as assets. Highly-trained ex-Marine John Robbins is imprisoned for life for murdering his commanding officer after being ordered to kill innocent civilians in Benghazi; having escaped from two Level 5 maximum security prisons, he is sent to a Level 6 facility. A fellow prisoner tells him about "Absolom", an island where they send the worst prisoners and is feared more than the prison. The Warden, after being held at gunpoint by Robbins, is convinced that he is a threat and exiles him to the island.On the island, Robbins is captured by a group of prisoners known as the Outsiders, led by a sociopath named Walter Marek whose only rule is The Law of the Jungle. The abandoned island resort, complete with dilapidated houses and a swimming pool, is where the Outsiders have established a base. Marek forces Robbins to fight one of his men for amusement and is impressed when Robbins kills his opponent in seconds. He offers him a position in his gang. Instead, Robbins knocks Marek into the pool, steals his rocket launcher, and flees the Outsiders' camp. He is pursued through the jungle and cornered at the edge of a high cliff before being shot in the neck by blowgun darts. After falling into the river below, another prisoner group called the Insiders retrieves him.Led by a terminally ill doctor called the Father, the Insiders have established a cooperative autonomous community with laws as opposed to the tyranny of the Outsiders. Robbins meets the Father; Hawkins, the head of security; King, a hypochondriac new-arrival helper; and Casey, a naïve young man given a life sentence for his minor role in a kidnapping which led to a dual felony murder when the hostages accidentally died. Robbins learns that the Insiders are heavily outnumbered by the Outsiders and that he is the only person to have ever escaped from Marek's camp. The weapon he stole is appropriated for the community.After helping repel an attack by the Outsiders, Father notes Robbins' abilities and asks him to join them. He refuses, saying he wants to leave Absolom. Father takes Robbins to the shore, explaining that they are 200 miles (321.9 km) from the mainland. Gunships patrol 50 miles (80.5 km) off the coast, and infrared satellite technology monitors thermal activity, such as large fires or explosions.The Insiders have secretly built a scan-proof boat and launch it to tell the outside world about Absolom. However, the boat is destroyed by attack helicopters, causing Father to believe there is an informer among them.Robbins discovers a new boat is being built and demands a seat, still determined to escape. After learning that the engine needs a distributor, a part Robbins saw while in Marek's camp, he offers to retrieve it in exchange for passage and the Insiders agree. Casey follows Robbins, who infiltrates the Outsiders' camp and gets the engine part, but they are captured by the Outsiders. Robbins is forced to fight Casey to the death. Realizing they won't both escape, Casey impales himself on Robbins' weapon. Robbins escapes a planned execution with the help of an Insider spy, infuriating Marek.Knowing Marek will attack, and over stern objections, Robbins convinces the Insiders to abandon their camp, but not before lacing it with booby traps. The Father attempts to convince Robbins to be the leader of the group when he dies, as he secretly has been suffering from progressive Hodgkin lymphoma that he estimates could kill him in a month without any sort of proper treatment. He tries to recruit Robbins to take his place as leader, but Robbins asserts his need to escape the island before coming to accept that the need to assert the truth of what really happened that led to his imprisonment and the truth about the island are equally important. When the Outsiders attack the abandoned camp, Robbins stays behind to fire the stolen rocket launcher, igniting an incendiary bomb. Most of the Outsiders die, and the Warden intervenes when the satellites are triggered.The Father dies while defending Robbins from Marek. After Robbins kills Marek, he finds the new boat incinerated and evidence that King killed the engineer.  Robbins attacks King, who confesses to acting as a spy for the Warden in return for his freedom. Robbins forces King to give new coordinates to the Warden for where to land his helicopter on the island. Robbins tells Hawkins that The Father told him that Hawkins should be the new leader before enacting a plan with the helicopter. With a group of fellow Insiders, Robbins hijacks the helicopter, throws the Warden out, and vows to spread the truth. King and the Warden are left behind as unseen Outsiders close in on them.
1417	Turning, The (1992)	Drama	After four years away, Cliff Harnish (Michael Dolan) returns to his hometown of Pocahontas, Virginia in a bid to stop his parents' divorce. Unsuccessful, he finds that his mother, Martha (Tess Harper), has turned to alcohol while his father, Mark (Raymond J. Barry), is seeing a woman called Glory (Karen Allen). Cliff also has an awkward reunion with his ex-girlfriend, April (Gillian Anderson).Desperate to bring his parents back together, Cliff poses as a delivery driver to gain entry to Glory's house. Inside, he reveals his true identity and threatens Glory, calling her a "homewrecker" and ordering her to break off her relationship with his father. During this confrontation, it becomes clear that Cliff has formed white supremacist and neo-Nazi views. Disturbed by Cliff's actions, Mark disowns him.Later, Cliff breaks into Glory's house while Mark is present and holds Glory at knifepoint, threatening to hurt her unless Mark – to whom he passes Glory's gun – shoots him first. Unable to kill his son, Mark fires into the wall behind Cliff and Glory. Glory seizes the gun and aims it at Cliff but Mark dissuades her from shooting him. Mark forces Cliff to drop the knife and tells him that he must learn to live with the pain of his parents' divorce. Mark and Cliff leave the house together.
1418	Joy Luck Club, The (1993)	Drama	The Joy Luck Club was formed by four women in San Francisco: Lindo Jong, Ying-Ying St. Clair, An-Mei Hsu, and Suyuan Woo. The members have mainly played mahjong and told each other stories over the years. They emigrated from China, remarried, and gave birth in America. Suyuan's daughter, June, replaced her when Suyuan died four months before the time the film is set. The mothers have high hopes for their daughters' successes, who struggle through "anxieties, feelings of inadequacy, and failures." They bond through understanding each other and overcoming their conflicts.The film's present-day setting is June's farewell surprise party in San Francisco for her upcoming reunion with long-lost twin sisters in China. Among the guests are the Joy Luck Club, their daughters, relatives, and friends. The characters narrate their journeys while they reflect on their pasts.
1419	Highlander III: The Sorcerer (1994)	Action, Sci-Fi	Some time after the death of his wife Heather in the 16th century, the immortal Scottish Highlander Connor MacLeod travels to Japan to train with an immortal named Nakano, a sorcerer (said to be a master of illusion) and old friend of the Highlander's late teacher Juan Sánchez-Villalobos Ramírez. In a cave in Mount Niri, Nakano teaches MacLeod how to fight with the katana that once belonged to Ramírez. He also warns of Kane, an evil immortal making his way across Asia with two immortal henchmen named Khabul Khan and Senghi Khan. After burning down a village, the three reach the cave. Kane beheads Nakano, taking his immortal Quickening energy and power of illusion. The Highlander escapes and Nakano laughs as he dies, declaring that Kane will not be present at the time of the Gathering (when the last immortals fight) and implying he has planned one last trick. The release of his energy causes a cave in, trapping Kane and his henchmen.In 1788 France, Connor meets and falls in love with Sarah Barrington, a visitor from England. During the French Revolution, MacLeod is captured and sentenced to death for treason against King Louis XVI. His immortal friend Pierre Bouchet takes his place, claiming he is tired of his immortal life. Believing Connor is dead, Sarah marries another man. By the time MacLeod finds her, he discovers she now has a family and decides to let her continue believing he is dead.In 1985, the Gathering occurs in New York City and MacLeod is seemingly the last immortal left alive. He and his new love Brenda Wyatt move to Scotland and are married. She is killed in a car accident in 1987 and he survives without any wounds, indicating he has not lost his immortality and may not have won the Prize. By 1994, Connor is living with his adopted son John in Marrakesh. Meanwhile, archaeologist Dr. Alexandra Johnson (a woman identical to Sarah Barrington) is part of a team excavating the legendary cave of Nakano. The excavation frees Kane, who beheads Khabul to gain a boost in power while his other soldier Senghi leaves to find Connor.Sensing the release of the Quickening again, MacLeod realizes the Game is not over and that he must return to New York City. MacLeod leaves John in the care of his friend, Jack Donovan. Arriving in New York, MacLeod (using his old alias of "Russell Nash" again) faces and kills Senghi. NYPD Lt. John Stenn believes Khabul's headless body is proof that the "headhunter" killer of 1985 is loose again. He concludes the killer is Russell Nash, who was a suspect during the original case.Alex investigates a piece of kilt cloth found in the cave of Nakano, identifying it as branch of the MacLeod family, one where a clan member was banished for having unnatural powers. Learning that Russell Nash claims to be a descendant of this branch of the clan, Alex tracks him down and witnesses him battle Kane. The fight ends when MacLeod's blade shatters (possibly because their fight crossed into holy ground) and Kane flees.Connor returns to the Scottish Highlands to forge another sword but is unsuccessful. Learning more and concluding that "Nash" is actually the banished Connor MacLeod, still alive, Alex tracks him down and gives him a bar of finely refined steel she found in Nakano's cave. Connor forges a new katana and admits his identity, and the two become lovers. MacLeod then learns Kane has abducted his son John.MacLeod meets Kane in an old church mission in Jersey City and follows him into an abandoned power plant for their final battle. After a brief battle, the Highlander decapitates Kane and truly wins the Prize, now possessing the full power of all immortals who ever lived. He returns to Scotland with Alex and John to live out the rest of his natural life.
1420	Gilligan's Island: The Movie (1998)	Comedy	Robert Osbourne Denver (January 9, 1935 – September 2, 2005) was an American comedic actor who portrayed beatnik Maynard G. Krebs on the 1959–1963 series The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis and Gilligan on the 1964–1967 television series Gilligan's Island.
1421	My Crazy Life (Mi vida loca) (1993)	Drama	In Echo Park, Los Angeles, a neighborhood that has seen a significant amount of gang activity over the past decade, two young Mexican-American women, friends since childhood, join the local gang. They are each given the gang names Mousie and Sad Girl, names which are handed down from one generation to the next. Mousie and Sad Girl pride themselves for remaining loyal to each other and their gang, but their friendship becomes fractured when they both fall for gangster Ernesto, a.k.a. Bullet. Ernesto eventually bears a child with both women, leading them to become rivals, and also turns to drug-dealing for financial support. Other plot lines involve La Blue Eyes, Sad Girl's college-bound sister; Whisper, who learns the drug-dealing ropes from Ernesto; and Giggles, who is fresh out of prison after doing time for a crime committed by her boyfriend. When Ernesto is killed in a drug deal gone wrong, Sad Girl and Mousie realize they must put betrayals, heartbreak and tragedies behind them if they hope to rise above their situations.
1422	Suture (1993)	Film-Noir, Thriller	Trilobites (; meaning "three-lobed entities") are extinct marine arthropods that form the class Trilobita. One of the earliest groups of arthropods to appear in the fossil record, trilobites were among the most successful of all early animals, existing in oceans for almost 270 million years, with over 22,000 species having been described. Because trilobites had wide diversity and an easily fossilized mineralised exoskeleton made of calcite, they left an extensive fossil record. The study of their fossils has facilitated important contributions to biostratigraphy, paleontology, evolutionary biology, and plate tectonics. Trilobites are placed within the clade Artiopoda, which includes many organisms that are morphologically similar to trilobites, but are largely unmineralised. The relationship of Artiopoda to other arthropods is uncertain. Trilobites evolved into many ecological niches; some moved over the seabed as predators, scavengers, or filter feeders, and some swam, feeding on plankton. Some even crawled onto land. Most lifestyles expected of modern marine arthropods are seen in trilobites, with the possible exception of parasitism (where scientific debate continues). Some trilobites (particularly the family Olenidae) are even thought to have evolved a symbiotic relationship with sulfur-eating bacteria from which they derived food. The largest trilobites were more than 70 centimetres (28 in) long and may have weighed as much as 4.5 kilograms (9.9 lb). The first appearance of trilobites in the fossil record defines the base of the Atdabanian/Cambrian Stage 3 time period of the Early Cambrian around 521 million years ago. Trilobites were already diverse and globally dispersed shortly after their origination, with trilobites reaching an apex of diversity during the late Cambrian–Ordovician, and remained diverse during the following Silurian and early Devonian. During the mid-late Devonian, their diversity strongly declined, being impacted by successive extinction events, including the Taghanic event, the Late Devonian mass extinction/Kellwasser event and the Hangenberg/end-Devonian mass extinction, wiping out most trilobite diversity and leaving Proetida as the only surviving order. Their diversity moderately recovered during the Early Carboniferous, before dropping to persistently low levels during the late Carboniferous and Permian periods, though they remained widespread until the end of their existence. The last trilobites disappeared in the end-Permian mass extinction event about 251.9 million years ago, by which time only a handful of species remained.
1423	Walking Dead, The (1995)	Drama, War	The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror drama television series developed by Frank Darabont, based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard. Together, the show and the comic book series form the core of The Walking Dead franchise. The series features a large ensemble cast as survivors of a zombie apocalypse trying to stay alive under near-constant threat of attacks from zombies known as "walkers". With the collapse of modern civilization, these survivors must confront other human survivors who have formed groups and communities with their own sets of laws and morals, sometimes leading to open conflict between them. The series is the first television series within The Walking Dead franchise. The Walking Dead premiered on October 31, 2010. It was exclusively broadcast on cable channel AMC in the United States and internationally through the Fox Networks Group and Disney+. The series concluded on November 20, 2022, after eleven seasons and 177 episodes. Andrew Lincoln played the lead character of Rick Grimes until his departure from the show in the ninth season. Other long-standing cast members included Norman Reedus, Steven Yeun, Chandler Riggs, Melissa McBride, Lauren Cohan, Danai Gurira, Josh McDermitt, Christian Serratos, Seth Gilliam, Ross Marquand and Jeffrey Dean Morgan. The Walking Dead was produced by AMC Studios in the state of Georgia, with most filming having taken place in the outdoor spaces of Riverwood Studios near Senoia, Georgia. The Walking Dead became known as AMC's flagship series and as a ratings juggernaut. Beginning with its third season, The Walking Dead attracted the most 18- to 49-year-old viewers of any cable or broadcast television series. The series was positively received by critics. It was nominated for several awards, including the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Drama and the Writers Guild of America Award for New Series. The show's viewership declined during later seasons. AMC has created a franchise of related media, including the spin-off series Fear the Walking Dead (2015–23), The Walking Dead: World Beyond (2020–21), Tales of the Walking Dead (2022), The Walking Dead: Dead City (2023–present), The Walking Dead: Daryl Dixon (2023–present) and The Walking Dead: The Ones Who Live (2024) as well as several webisodes and video games.
1424	I Like It Like That (1994)	Comedy, Drama, Romance	Lisette Linares is a young mother of three children and married to Chino, a bicycle messenger. Although he is always reliable as the breadwinner of the family, Chino is having an affair with their lustful neighbor, Magdalena. One summer evening, as a blackout sweeps the neighborhood, Chino gets arrested for looting.Now faced with the reality of keeping her family together while the main breadwinner is in jail, Lisette, encouraged by her transgender sister Alexis, decides to give her dream of becoming a print model a chance. As she happens to be in the right place at the right time, Lisette lands a job as the personal assistant to a major record label producer, Stephen Price, who is trying to sign a major Latin music group, the Mendez Brothers (played by the real-life group the Barrio Boyzz). Chino is then released from prison by Magdalena and her father. She then claims Chino fathered her son, Ritchie. Lisette hits rock bottom as a result of this and moves in with Alexis. At her new job, while having sex with Price, he answers a number of phone calls, frustrating Lisette. The next day, Chino tries to go back to his job, but he is fired due to his criminal record. Lisette then confronts Chino to prove that she had sex with another man to get even with him.While Chino is taking the kids out for ice cream, his extremely rebellious son, Li'l Chino, asks if he could buy ice cream, but Chino tells him that he needs to work in order to buy things. His son then shows him money so Chino allows him to buy the ice cream; when Minnie, his younger daughter, notices that he is wearing new sneakers and pants, Chino realizes that his son has become a drug dealer. Chino furiously lashes out at his son, pushing him towards a mural with a picture of his uncle Hector (Chino's brother) on it, who was a police officer killed by a drug dealer. He whips his son in front of the whole block while his son's friends laugh at him. Alexis notices the commotion and tries to stop him.Alexis then points out that his son is just a little boy and pulls him away, but Li'l Chino runs away. The kids are still laughing and continue to insult Lil' Chino as weak. An infuriated Chino then beats a kid from the crowd and whips him. The drug dealer attempts to draw a gun, but Chino manages to disarm him, while fellow neighbors help Chino whip the boy. Li'l Chino is then found sitting in front of Alexis' apartment door. He tells Lisette that he wants to stay with her, but she rejects him, believing that he will still be disrespectful toward her. Chino then finds Li'l Chino and takes him home. Back at the apartment, Chino and his friend Angel put his and Lisette's youngest son, Pee-Wee, to bed. When Angel reveals that he is Ritchie's actual father, Chino is angered that Magdalena has played him the whole time. Alexis and Lisette have a discussion about the kids, where Alexis points out that Lisette is just like their own estranged mother. She denies this and Alexis changes and leaves to visit their mother.When Alexis arrives over there, her mother opens the door and reacts disgustedly to Alexis' appearance. Alexis tries her hardest to make amends with her mother; when her father comes out of his room to check on the noise, he reacts with an aggressive look on his face. Back at Alexis' apartment, Lisette hears the door open and notices that Alexis has returned. When Lisette comes to check on Alexis, she notices her face is injured and asks what happened, but Alexis tells her that she was right about their mother still being unsupportive of Alexis' transgender identity.The next day at work, Price wants to have sex again, but she tries to reject him. He stops when Lisette tells him he's "not a sexual person", and the two begin to argue, which results in her nearly quitting. They resolve to continue their working relationship. Lisette arrives back at the apartment. She tries to talk to her children and asks for their forgiveness, mostly from Li'l Chino, which he does finally give. Chino arrives later from his new job as a security officer. Both discuss the many flaws in their marriage, hash their infidelities out, and Chino finally tells Lisette the truth about Magdalena's baby daddy. The scene ends with Lisette throwing a pillow at Chino, saying that he never thinks about "the other person", to which he then puts the pillow back under her head and replies, "Good night, other person", despite it being morning already. Lisette lies on the sofa with a smile on her face.In a mid-credits scene, Lisette, Chino, and their children go to Coney Island while the Mendez Brothers film a music video for their cover of "Try A Little Tenderness". Lisette and Chino appear to have reconciled their relationship and are seen riding a Ferris wheel, slow dancing, and falling asleep on the train as the family rides back to the Bronx.
1425	I'll Do Anything (1994)	Comedy, Drama	In 1980, on the night he fails to win an Emmy Award, Matt Hobbs proposes to his longtime girlfriend Beth. He says the only thing holding him back is his dedication to his career, one which may not always work out, and Beth says that's one of the things she loves most about him. Seven years later, with a baby crying and no job for Matt, Beth is overflowing with resentment. By 1993, the pair have been divorced for several years and are living on opposite coasts.Matt auditions for a role in pompous, self-absorbed, and clueless film producer Burke Adler's new project but fails to get the part. He does however agree to chauffeur Adler occasionally. Matt flies to Georgia to pick up his daughter Jeannie for what he believes is a brief visit and discovers Beth is facing a prison term and Jeannie will be living with him for the duration of her sentence. The two return to Hollywood and struggle with their new circumstances and building a relationship (Matt hasn't seen the six-year-old since she was four).When Matt goes in to make a screen test for a lead in a film, he leaves Jeannie with a friend at the studio, and when he picks her up he's stunned to learn she's been cast in a sitcom. Her newfound success contrasts with Matt’s ongoing struggles in the industry.As Jeannie’s acting career begins to take off, Matt continues to pursue his own opportunities while grappling with the responsibilities of being a single parent. He also becomes romantically involved with Cathy Breslow, a script reader who works for Adler. Matt starts to come to terms with his own shortcomings as both an actor and a father, realizing that his daughter’s success and happiness are becoming more important to him than his own career.Throughout this time, Matt also navigates his complicated professional relationship with Burke, while Jeannie’s success forces him to rethink what truly matters in his life. As Matt grows closer to his daughter, he finds a new sense of purpose and fulfillment in their relationship, even as his acting career remains uncertain.
1426	Grace of My Heart (1996)	Comedy, Drama	In 1958, Philadelphia steel heiress Edna Buxton enters and wins a talent contest. When she attempts to record a demo, a studio producer tells her that girl singers are not currently getting signed and record companies are even trying to get rid of the ones on their rosters. However, when Edna tells him that she wrote the song she wants to record, he is impressed enough to direct her to producer Joel Milner, who takes her under his wing, renames her "Denise Waverly" and invents a blue-collar persona for her. Milner reworks her song for a male doo-wop group, the Stylettes, as male groups are far more marketable, and the song becomes a hit.Denise moves to New York City and becomes a songwriter in the Brill Building. At a party, she meets the arrogant songwriter Howard Caszatt, and despite an awkward initial meeting, they begin a relationship. Denise offers to write a song specifically for her three girlfriends, which culminates in Joel auditioning the girls and creating the girl group the Luminaries. Howard and Denise also begin writing together and eventually get married and have a child. They pen a song called "Unwanted Number," based on a young girl's unwanted pregnancy. Although it is banned from radio, it attracts the attention of prominent and influential disc jockey John Murray, who, despite the negative attention around the song, credits Denise with sparking the girl group craze.Joel recruits the beautiful English songwriter Cheryl Steed, who immediately catches Howard's eye, and initially, Denise's disdain. Cheryl diffuses Denise's suspicion by informing her that she already has a songwriting partner – her husband Matthew. Joel tasks Denise and Cheryl with writing a song for the ingénue singer Kelly Porter. The two women bond over the realization that the young singer is in a closeted lesbian relationship with her roommate Marion. They write the coded song "My Secret Love" for Kelly, which becomes a hit.Denise's relationship with Howard becomes strained due to his philandering with other women. When she learns she is pregnant with Howard's second baby, Cheryl convinces her to see an obstetrician, who safely performs an abortion. Denise and Cheryl then become close friends and Denise eventually breaks up with Howard.In 1966, Milner offers to send Denise to the studio to sing for herself. As an added incentive, he offers the production assistance of Jay Phillips, the frontman of California rock group the Riptides, to produce her single. Although initially hesitant as she says she finds the whole "surf and turf" sound laughable, she writes and sings the song "God Give Me Strength" and is delighted by Jay's skillful orchestral arrangement. The record she puts out with him, however, is a commercial failure. Between the loss suffered by her foundering single and the advent of the British Invasion, Milner's fortunes are depleted. Denise blames herself for making the song too personal and bankrupting Joel. He tells her she did more for him than she realized and that it was time for them both to move on.Denise and Jay become a couple and resettle in California. Jay treats Denise's daughter Luna as his own, but he is reclusive and a user of recreational drugs like marijuana and peyote. Denise has since joined forces with the newly divorced Cheryl to write songs for a bubblegum pop TV show, Where the Action Is, though Jay insists to Denise that writing music for TV is beneath her.Jay's behavior becomes more erratic and he becomes increasingly paranoid, causing his bandmates to distance themselves from him. He falls into a period of deep depression that seemingly abates after a visit from his friend "Jonesy", who reminds him of the things that are important in his life, including his "groovy new old lady", Denise.Thinking that the worst is over, Denise invites Jay to join her and Cheryl at the Whisky a Go Go to see Doris, a former Luminary member who embarked on a solo career after the girl group broke up, perform. Jay declines, saying he has a song idea he wants to explore, so Denise ends up going with Cheryl. While the women celebrate, Jay is revealed to be still in the throes of his depression; having put on a brave face for Denise's benefit. He walks into the ocean, taking his own life. Denise is further distraught to discover that Jay's fans blame her for not intervening in his death.Numbed by the loss, Denise retires with her family to a hippie commune in northern California and tries to make sense of everything that has happened. Some time later, Joel visits Denise at the commune and takes her and the children to dinner. That night, he criticizes how far down she's allowed her grieving to take her and says that it's destroying her and her talent. Denise angrily lashes out, telling Milner that he'd be nothing without her success. He agrees; however, the more he agrees with her, the angrier she becomes. She strikes him then collapses in tears, grieving for Jay. Milner consoles her and the two are reconciled.With Joel's help, Denise creates the platinum-selling work "Grace of My Heart". As she lays down the piano track for the song, her life is recounted in pictures, leading to the moment when her own mother receives a copy of her album in the mail with a handwritten note. Seemingly proud of her daughter's success, she smiles.
1427	Drunks (1995)	Drama	A group of alcoholics and addicts attend an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting held in a church basement in Times Square. At the beginning of the meeting, Jim (Richard Lewis), reluctantly tells the story of his drug and alcohol abuse and subsequent sobriety, but gets upset and abruptly leaves the meeting.The movie proceeds to alternate between scenes of Jim's futile attempts to resist the temptation to drink that same night, intermixed with scenes of the remaining attendees of the meeting recounting their own struggles with addiction. Some of the meeting's attendees include Becky (Faye Dunaway), a mother who worries about the effect of her drinking on her teenage son; Rachel (Dianne Wiest), a doctor who worries that she is replacing her alcohol and pill addiction with workaholism; Louis (Spalding Gray), a man who claims he came to the AA meeting in error, thinking it was choir practice; Shelly (Amanda Plummer), a neurotic woman dealing with a domineering mother; Debbie (Parker Posey), a party girl who idolizes Janis Joplin and has replaced her alcoholism with an addiction to football; Marty (George Martin), a clergyman and the meeting's chairperson; Joseph (Howard Rollins), a man who lost his marriage and nearly lost his son due to a drunk driving crash; Brenda (LisaGay Hamilton), an HIV-positive former heroin addict.
1428	SubUrbia (1997)	Comedy	In (fictional) Burnfield, four young adult friends spend their nights hanging out drinking at "the corner" outside a Circle A convenience store and gas station run by Nazeer and Pakessa, a young Pakistani married couple. Jeff is aimless, writing some and dating Sooze, a community college student who wants to study visual arts in New York City. His best friends are dimwitted, libidinous Buff, and Tim, a disaffected heavy drinker recently honorably discharged from the Air Force.The gang went to high school with Neil "Pony" Moynihan, lead singer of Dreamgirl, an up and coming rock band opening for a major band on a stadium tour. He contacted Sooze about a local performance, and, although Jeff does not want to pay to see "some band that [he] helped start", Pony is supposed to come by the corner afterward. Hearing this, Sooze's shy friend Bee-Bee joins the gang at the corner. As they wait, Nazeer angers Buff and Tim by telling them to leave his property, and Tim shoves Nazeer. Pakeesa brandishes a gun, and the gang disperses. Jeff and Sooze go to a Whataburger and argue about her leaving, while Buff and Tim visit a liquor store. Buff notices Bee-Bee alone and tells her about a cloud he filmed with a stolen video camera, and they have sex in a nearby abandoned van.Pony arrives in a limousine with Erica, Dreamgirl's publicist. He is excited to be home and see his old friends, and everyone except Tim acts glad to see him, though Jeff seems jealous—feelings that intensify when Pony asks Sooze to design Dreamgirl's next album cover. Buff hits on Erica, and Bee-Bee sidles off while Pony plays a song. Jeff has an outburst, and Pony apologizes for acting like a big shot. He invites everyone out for food, but Tim stays behind, and so does Erica, drawn to Tim's misanthropic attitude. Although Tim reveals his discharge came after he intentionally cut off the tip of his pinky finger, for which he gets a regular disability check, and insists he is not a nice guy, Erica still wants to go to the van, though he cannot perform.Returning from the restaurant, Jeff asks to stop so he can relieve himself. With Buff passed out drunk, Sooze and Pony bond while they wait. However, Jeff walks back to the Circle A, where he finds Bee-Bee sitting with an unopened bottle of alcohol. She tells Jeff about her struggles with alcoholism and rehab, and he opens the bottle and drinks while listening, before launching into a drunken monologue about overcoming fear—mentioning he has decided to follow Sooze to New York.The gang reunites, but Tim is evasive about where Erica is, and she is not answering her cellphone. Tim accosts Pony for hitting on Sooze, and Pony announces he is leaving. After a brief argument with Jeff, Sooze goes with him, and Buff joins them to ride in the limo.Jeff and Tim leave Bee-Bee, and she begins to guzzle her booze. Nazeer sees Tim and calls the police, who arrest Tim. While the officers take Nazeer's statement, Tim tearfully tells Jeff that he punched Erica until she stopped moving and left her in the van. Once alone, Jeff approaches the van, finding Erica's cellphone on the ground outside.Near sunrise, Buff returns to the Circle A and sees Jeff, who has been agonizing over what to do about Tim's admission. Buff jubilantly says he is going to Los Angeles to shoot Dreamgirl's next music video, and also claims he slept with Erica. Jeff thinks Buff is boasting, until Erica shows up—unharmed.Fined and released, Tim walks up as Buff and Erica drive away. Jeff confronts him about lying, but Tim just mocks Jeff for believing him and not having the guts to look in the van. Still drunk, Tim threatens Nazeer with a gun, and a standoff ensues when Nazeer pulls his own gun. Tim taunts Nazeer while climbing to the roof, where he sees Bee-Bee, unconscious. He hands her down to Jeff—who thinks she is breathing—and calls an ambulance. Nazeer says Jeff and his friends are stupid for "throw[ing] it all away".
1429	Sliding Doors (1998)	Drama, Romance	Helen Quilley gets fired from her public relations (PR) job. As she leaves the office building, she drops an earring in the lift, and a man picks it up for her. She rushes for her train on the London Underground but misses it as the train doors are closed, but the film then rewinds, and the scene is replayed except that now she manages to board the train. The film continues, alternating between the two storylines in which different events ensue.In the storyline in which she boards the train, Helen sits beside James, who had picked up her earring in the lift, on the Underground, and they strike up a conversation that cheers her up. She gets home to catch her boyfriend, Gerry, in bed with his American ex-girlfriend, Lydia. Helen leaves him and moves in with her friend Anna. At Anna's suggestion, Helen changes her hairstyle to make a fresh start.James befriends Helen and she begins to move on from Gerry as he cheers her up and encourages her to start her own small PR firm. They fall in love, despite her reservations about beginning another relationship so soon after her ugly breakup with Gerry. Eventually, Helen discovers that she is pregnant by James. She goes to see him at his office and is stunned to learn from James's secretary that he is married.James, having discovered that Helen has learned he is married, searches frantically for her before finding her on a bridge and explaining that while he is married, he is separated and will soon be divorced, and that he and his wife maintain the appearance of a happy marriage for the sake of his sick mother. After she and James reconcile and declare their love, Helen walks into the road and is hit by a van.In the storyline in which Helen misses the train, she is further delayed by an attempted mugging, which leads to a hospital visit. She arrives home after Lydia has left, and remains oblivious to Gerry's infidelity. Unable to find another public relations job, she takes two part-time jobs to pay the bills. Gerry continues to juggle the two women in his life, and Helen gradually becomes suspicious. She discovers she is pregnant but does not tell Gerry.Lydia soon realizes Gerry will never leave Helen for her and angrily breaks things off with him, to Gerry's relief. Lydia also realizes she is pregnant by Gerry and summons Helen under the guise of a job interview, but instead reveals the affair and her pregnancy to Helen. Distraught, Helen flees and falls down the stairs.In both timelines, Helen is taken to the hospital and loses her baby. In the timeline in which Helen originally boarded the train and met James, her injuries are too severe and she dies with James at her bedside. In the timeline in which Helen missed the train, she recovers and tells Gerry to leave for good. She encounters James, who is visiting his mother, in the hospital lift. He utters the same cheer-up joke he told Helen in the other timeline. However, this time, Helen correctly quotes the punch line, and they turn and look at each other.
1430	Ill Gotten Gains (1997)	Drama	Africans revolt while imprisoned aboard a slave ship.
1431	Legal Deceit (1997)	Thriller	The tort of deceit is a type of legal injury that occurs when a person intentionally and knowingly deceives another person into an action that damages them. Specifically, deceit requires that the tortfeasor makes a factual representation, knowing that it is false, or reckless or indifferent about its veracity, intending that another person relies on it, who then acts in reliance on it, to that person's own detriment. Deceit dates in its modern development from Pasley v. Freeman. Here the defendant said that a third party was creditworthy to the claimant, knowing he was broke. The claimant loaned the third party money and lost it. He sued the defendant successfully.
1432	Mighty, The (1998)	Drama	In 1986, as a child, Jill Young and her primatologist mother, Ruth study mountain gorillas in the mountains of the Rwanda. Jill names an infant gorilla "Joe." As Andrei Strasser leads a group of poachers to storm the mountains, Ruth's friend & leader of the village, Kweli alerts her to the men as she is putting Jill to bed. Ruth heads into the mountains and Jill follows. Strasser murders Joe's mother and shoots Ruth. Joe bites off Strasser's thumb and index finger on his right hand and Strasser swears revenge. As Ruth dies, she has Jill promise to protect Joe from poachers at all costs.12 years later, Gregg O'Hara, a wildlife refuge director at a Los Angeles animal conservatory, comes to Africa to study and catalog animals near the Pangani mountains. During his expedition, his guides help him capture a leopard for blood sampling. When the locals attempt to poach the animal, Joe, now grown nearly 15 feet tall and weighing over 2,000 lbs(known as the legendary guardian of the mountain N'gai Zamu), emerges from the jungle to free the creature. After the men regroup, they use their vehicles to pursue Joe across the plains, hoping to secure a blood sample. Joe uses his immense size to disable the vehicles and nearly kill his pursuers, after which they collect what remains of their gear and retreat, but O’Hara chooses to follow Joe into the jungle further. Once inside, Joe ambushes and terrifies Gregg, until he is saved by a now grown Jill, who calms Joe. O’Hara later goes to find Joe again, and witnesses his bond with Jill.While initially untrusting of Gregg, Jill is finally convinced by him to relocate Joe to the institute in Los Angeles for his own safety. At the conservatory, the refuge staff place Jill in charge of Joe once the director sees how she manages him so well. Strasser, now running a fraudulent animal preserve in Botswana, secretly selling animal organs on the black market, sees Joe in a news report, and he and his South African henchman, Garth, travel to America with plans on capturing Joe. Joe recognizes one of the men after he taunts Joe at his exhibit, causing him to destroy the landscape and behave violently. Jill tries to convince the conservatory director to postpone the upcoming gala, which is set to showcase Joe to a large venue of donators, but he remains convinced she can calm Joe. Jill, meeting Strasser, does not recognize him as he poses as a conservationist, telling her that Joe would be better off in his wildlife refuge in Africa, claiming he would have more space and freedom. During the gala, Garth uses a poacher's noisemaker to enrage Joe into a frenzy once again. Joe rampages at the gala, injuring many and nearly killing Strasser, whom he recognizes. After being sedated, Joe is imprisoned in a concrete bunker. Jill discovers that Joe is to be euthanized and accepts Strasser's offer. She and the refuge staff smuggle Joe out in a truck, and Gregg and Jill part ways in an heartfelt goodbye. Once they leave, the poacher's noisemaker is found, and Gregg realizes that Strasser and Garth are poachers, and that Jill and Joe are in danger, as he races after them. On the way to the airport, while being followed by Gregg, Jill notices Strasser's missing fingers and recognizes him as the same poacher who murdered both her mother and Joe's mother 12 years earlier. She jumps from the truck and tumbles onto Hollywood Boulevard as Joe tilts the truck onto its side and flees, chased by helicopters, before arriving at a carnival at the Santa Monica Pier.Gregg finds Jill and they track Joe to the carnival where he is unknowingly wreaking havoc. Strasser arrives and attempts to shoot Jill, but Garth turns against Strasser and knocks the gun, causing Strasser to instead shoot a spotlight, which starts a fire that spreads to game stands and the Ferris wheel. Gregg helps evacuate its riders, but a young boy named Jason is stranded at the top. After knocking Garth unconscious, Strasser again attempts to kill Jill, but Joe appears behind him and throws Strasser onto a powerline, electrocuting him to death, avenging their mothers. Joe then sees the boy stuck in the burning Ferris wheel, and climbs up the wheel to successfully rescue the boy, only for the wheel to collapse from the fire and his weight, forcing Joe to jump and hit the ground as the wheel tips over, knocking himself unconscious. After several moments of Jill and the onlookers fearing and believing him dead, Joe eventually awakens, to everyone's relief. Jill remarks that they still need to raise money in order for Joe to be safe, prompting the crowd to begin donating on the spot, as thanks for what Joe had done. Joe is returned to Rwanda where Jill and Gregg open the "Joe Young Wildlife Reserve." The film ends with Joe running off into the jungle.
1433	Men of Means (1998)	Action, Drama	Russell Charles Means (Lakota: Waŋblí Ohítika; November 10, 1939 – October 22, 2012) was an Oglala Lakota activist for the rights of Native Americans, libertarian political activist, actor, musician and writer. He became a prominent member of the American Indian Movement (AIM) after joining the organization in December 1969 and helped organize notable events that attracted national and international media coverage. Means was active in international issues of indigenous peoples, including working with groups in Central and South America and with the United Nations for recognition of their rights. He was active in politics at his native Pine Ridge Indian Reservation and at the state and national level. Beginning an acting career in 1992, he appeared on numerous television series and in several films, including The Last of the Mohicans, Pocahontas, and Curb Your Enthusiasm. He released his own music CD. Means published his autobiography Where White Men Fear to Tread in 1995.
1434	Shooting Fish (1997)	Romance	Dylan (Dan Futterman) and Jez (Stuart Townsend) are two orphans who meet in their twenties and vow to achieve their shared childhood dream of living in a stately home. In pursuit of this dream, they spend their days living in a disused gas holder, spending as little money as possible and conning the upper classes out of their riches. During one of their cons, they encounter Georgie (Kate Beckinsale) who is a medical student who can type.Georgie becomes aware that the two are con-artists. But they manage to convince her that they are modern day Robin Hoods, taking from the rich and giving to the poor. When a con goes wrong, the two find themselves jailed. They later learn that their entire fortune is to be rendered useless as the Royal Bank of England is recalling the notes. Jez and Dylan decide they need to somehow escape and retrieve their money or risk losing it. Jez contacts Georgie and appeals to her to help.Georgie, unbeknownst to the guys, needs money to save the Down syndrome foundation's mansion that her brother currently attends. She organises for Jez and Dylan to get released on compassionate leave under the guise of attending the cremation of a relative. While the ceremony is ongoing, they sneak out and retrieve the money and return before the prison warders suspect a thing. With the money hidden in the coffin they accidentally send it to be cremated and are returned to prison completely despondent.It turns out to be a double con as Georgie retrieves the money and buys her ex's "champion" horse only to learn that the horse is a dud. When the guys get out she comes clean and they hatch another plan which will see the horse win a big race allowing them to charge stud fees. Everything works out and the horse romps to victory (thanks to inserting helium in the jockeys outfit).Georgie agrees to sell the now champion horse back to her ex. With the proceeds all three agree to save the foundation and as they drive to the foundation broke, Jez and Dylan realise they have finally found their stately home.
1435	Steal Big, Steal Little (1995)	Comedy	Mild-mannered, unassuming Ruben Martinez has a slick, unscrupulous twin brother who now goes by the name Robby Martin. They were orphans raised by a rich landowner named Clifford Downey and his dancer wife, Mona Rowland-Downey.Upon her death, Mona leaves her entire 40,000-acre (160 km2) ranch in Santa Barbara, California in the care of only one son, Ruben. The other brother begins plotting how to win control of the property away from his estranged twin.Ruben's main concern at the moment is that his wife Laura has left him. She cannot comprehend how her loving husband could have cheated on her with another woman.Ruben tracks her to Chicago, where he meets used-car salesman Lou Perilli. He is assured that Laura will come back to him eventually. In the meantime, being pursued by a tough customer named Nick Zangaro about a debt he owes, Lou decides to make a quick getaway out west to Santa Barbara.Eddie Agopian, a family lawyer, is in charge of watching over Ruben's interests. But suddenly he disappears. Local authorities, including Sheriff Otis and a corrupt judge, have begun harassing Ruben and the dozens of workers and friends who live at the ranch. They are the stooges of powerful businessman Reed Tyler, who has business interests with Ruben's brother, Robby.Lou becomes a partner to the timid Ruben by promising to help him with his legal troubles. Lou has no lawyer experiences, but begins doing some investigating on Ruben's behalf and does the best he can in court. He also helps Ruben track down Eddie, who has absconded to Mexico with a stash of money.A scam is exposed, revealing to Laura that it was not her husband who had relations with another woman but Robby, his evil twin. Ruben, Laura and Lou quickly hatch a scheme of their own, catching the sheriff and judge in compromising positions and luring Robby into one with the help of a couple of young women hired for the occasion.The relationship between the brothers is healed a bit, if not completely, by the end as Ruben finds happiness at the ranch with his wide assortment of friends and family.
1436	Mr. Jones (1993)	Drama, Romance	Mr. Jones, a charismatic and dynamic man, talks his way into a job on a construction site, only to have a manic episode and come close to jumping off a building claiming he can fly. Saved from jumping by fellow construction worker Howard, he is transported to a psychiatric hospital.Jones is misdiagnosed as schizophrenic, medicated, and released due to lack of space related to budget cuts at the hospital run by Dr. Catherine Holland. After Jones charms Dr. Elizabeth "Libbie" Bowen as he checks out, she takes an interest in his case as she struggles with her divorce and other patients.In the midst of another manic episode, Jones impulsively spends large amounts of money on a date and jumps up onto the stage during a concert performance of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony and starts conducting. Arrested, sent back to the hospital, and diagnosed correctly by Dr. Bowen as having bipolar disorder, he reveals to Bowen and her colleague Dr. Patrick Shaye that he has been in and out of hospitals for twenty years but always refuses treatment for his condition.Bowen tries to have Jones involuntarily committed for treatment, but benefiting from manic energy Jones is charming and rational during a competency hearing. He apologizes for the incidents at the concert and construction site and challenges Bowen's diagnosis because she has never seen him in a depressive cycle. He is released.Bowen gives Jones a ride home from the hearing and he flirts with her while she tries to get more info from him about his illness. Jones reveals he resists treatment because he enjoys the benefits of his mania and despite Bowen's efforts to convince him, he stops taking his prescribed lithium. Howard, who meets Jones again and is worried about him despite his cheerful and friendly mood, contacts Bowen who discovers Jones severely depressed at his apartment. She helps him check into her hospital.Bowen begins helping Jones with psychotherapy and he starts to open up. Howard visits Jones and they become friends. Jones rescues Bowen during a violent attack by a patient and they strengthen their bond as she comforts him while he struggles with missing the benefits of his mania while on medication and life at the hospital.As romantic attraction between Jones and Bowen grows, she contacts his ex-girlfriend to learn more about his past. Furious at the invasion of his privacy, Jones tries to leave the hospital but Bowen follows him, confesses her feelings for him and they sleep together.Feeling guilty about the inappropriate relationship, Bowen confesses to Shaye and he insists she stop treating Jones and seeing him at all. Jones is transferred to another hospital but soon checks himself out. Upset over this and the suicide of another one of her patients, Amanda Chang, Bowen quits her job.Jones shows up at Howard's house. Howard deduces that Jones is having another manic episode and contacts Bowen when Jones takes off towards the construction site where he previously tried to jump off the building. This time Jones is able to calm himself just as Bowen shows up. With Bowen's help Jones has finally accepted the need to treat his condition and the two happily reconcile.
1437	House Party 3 (1994)	Comedy	Christopher, a.k.a. Kid is marrying his girlfriend Veda Pratt, while his best friend Peter, a.k.a. Play is dipping his fingers into the music business and attempting to manage a roughneck female rap act called Sex as a Weapon. Play books the ladies for a concert with heavy-hitting promoter Showboat, but when they decide to fire Play and hire a new manager, he has to figure out how to deliver them to the show or face the wrath of Showboat's female security force.Things eventually begin to spiral out of control for the two, as Play is also planning the bachelor party while trying to keep Kid's three younger cousins from Detroit (who ironically call themselves Immature) in line, and Kid's ex-girlfriend Sydney has come back to town, which is news that doesn't please Veda at all. To complicate matters more Kid's cousins hijack his bachelor party in retaliation for not letting them perform at it (moving it from the rented hotel ballroom to their Aunt Lucy's house). The party at the ballroom is a bust as Play's cousin Stinky invites very obese women to the party (he's attracted to heavyset women). Meanwhile, Showboat has been out looking for Kid & Play for his money, but gets sidetracked briefly by Kid's mischievous cousins.Embarrassed by the poor turnout at his party, Kid bails into the corridor and runs into Sydney (who is there for her grandparents' anniversary party). Sydney congratulates Kid and tells him that Veda is good for him. As they hug and part ways, Veda comes out of the elevator and sees them hugging. She immediately jumps to the conclusion that Kid slept with her only for her Cousin Janelle (who had been dogging Kid and the pending marriage throughout the film) to come to his defense and tell Veda she is wrong to assume Kid cheated. At the same time, Play (who also disagreed with Kid getting married) tells Kid he is wrong for wanting to break off the marriage, since he's convinced Veda doesn't trust him.After Kid and Veda make up, they get a phone call from his Uncle Vester about the party Immature is throwing and head back to his Aunt Lucy's house to find an out of control party in progress (unbeknownst to Aunt Lucy who was up in her room). Just as Kid starts to curse his cousins out, Play stops him and convinces him to celebrate his bachelor party here. At that moment, Showboat arrives with his female hitmen and are about to attack Kid & Play when he hears Kid's cousins performing at the party. Kid picks up on this and immediately informs Showboat that they were a new act he and Play were working on. Sex as a Weapon arrives and tells Showboat that they didn't like what was done to the three blind rappers earlier in the film (they were stiffed on the pay for a show), so they opted to come back to Kid & Play, giving Showboat two new acts instead of just one.Showboat pays up and everything is seemingly coming back into their control. Even Immature knows how much of an irritation they were, so in that resolve, they opt to give Kid half of the cash from the party. This cash, however, is taken by Aunt Lucy, who revealed that she knew all along that there was a party going on and that the money would be just enough to clean her house after it was over. After the drama has settled, Kid & Play enjoy the party and perform one last time together rapping to the crowd along with Sex as A Weapon.The next day, Kid and Veda finally tie the knot. Play gifts Kid with a brand new Jeep, telling him that their production company is going to be huge. He accepts the Jeep as he and Veda ride off into the sunset.
1438	Panther (1995)	Drama	Panther is a 1995 cinematic adaptation of Melvin Van Peebles's novel Panther, produced and directed by Mario Van Peebles. The drama film portrays the Black Panther Party for Self-Defense, tracing the organization from its founding through its decline in a compressed timeframe. It was the first narrative feature film to depict the Black Panther Party.
1439	Jason's Lyric (1994)	Crime, Drama	As children, brothers Jason and Joshua Alexander witnessed the fatal shooting of their abusive father, Mad Dog (Forest Whitaker), one night when he came home drunk and attacked their mother. Said tragedy leaves deep scars and prompts them to choose different paths in their future. Jason (Allen Payne) becomes a responsible young man who works as an assistant manager and sales clerk in a Houston electronic shop and lives with his hard-working mom, Gloria (Suzzanne Douglas). Joshua (Bokeem Woodbine) has just been released from prison. Previously traumatized by his late father, he has become a volatile, disturbed ex-con. Jason and Gloria try their best to make Joshua repent and change his ways, but he has difficulties staying out of trouble with both law and authority.One day in the middle of Jason's working hour, a waitress named Lyric (Jada Pinkett) comes to buy a television. Falling instantly in love with her, Jason begins to pursue her. At first, Lyric rejects Jason's attempts to get closer to her due to her cynicism of men, but his persistence, sincerity, kindness, and humor eventually win her over. They grow closer and end up making love in the woods that magically turn into a flower field. Despite his improved and meaningful life since dating Lyric, Jason is still haunted by multiple episodic nightmares of his childhood.Meanwhile, Lyric's criminal older brother, Alonzo (Treach), plans to rob a bank with his gang and Joshua joins in. Lyric overhears their conversation and tells Jason. She warns Jason not to cross her brother, and he promises her to only talk to Joshua, followed by offering her a way to escape town together. Lyric delightfully accepts and they agree to meet at the bayou. The following day, the robbery goes wrong as Joshua arrives late. Even worse, he escalates the situation by independently assaulting one of the bank customers, although he escapes with the gang before the police arrive. As punishment for botching the plan, Joshua is brutally tortured by Alonzo and his gang. Back at home, as Jason informs his mom about his and Lyric's plan to move away together, Joshua returns severely wounded. Enraged, Jason breaks his promise to Lyric by confronting Alonzo, ensuing a vicious fight in a public restroom.Jason reluctantly calls off his and Lyric's plan, reasoning that Joshua would always need him. When she furiously questions him about the nightmares that tie him to keep saving his ungrateful brother, Jason eventually opens up about the childhood incident that left him a lifetime of haunting guilt: After a young Joshua pointed his mother's gun at a drunken Mad Dog to stop him, Jason wrestled it away from him, inadvertently killing Mad Dog himself. Having finally understood his lifelong trauma, Lyric comforts Jason. Nevertheless, she advises him to walk away from Joshua if he wants them to stay together.Later in the evening, Joshua is preparing a gun in a bar while Jason starts packing at home after earning his mom's blessing to be with Lyric. Unbeknownst to Joshua, their good friend Rat (Eddie Griffin) notices him from the same bar and realizes his intentions. Rat informs Jason about Joshua's attempt to kill Alonzo and anyone connected to him, including Lyric, as revenge. Joshua arrives at Lyric's house and shoots down Alonzo's two crew members before taking her hostage. Jason races there and finds Joshua holding Lyric at gunpoint, demanding Alonzo's whereabouts as well as venting his jealousy towards her for taking away his older brother. The two brothers engage in a heated argument until Jason becomes fed up with his brother's continual selfishness and disregard for others' well-being that he draws his gun on Joshua to teach him a lesson. Unfortunately, Joshua accidentally shoots Lyric in the shoulder. Horrified and devastated, Jason tearfully tends to the injured and unconscious Lyric, and chooses to walk away from Joshua for good. Feeling abandoned, Joshua loses his will to live and shoots himself, in earshot of everyone outside. Though heartbroken, Jason carries Lyric to the waiting ambulance.The film ends with Jason and the newly-recovered Lyric riding on a bus together, now earning their freedom to start a new life.
1440	Above the Rim (1994)	Drama	Kyle-Lee Watson is a talented basketball player who is about to graduate from high school. While he waits to find out if he will receive a scholarship to Georgetown University, he finds himself in a difficult dilemma over a playground basketball tournament. He must decide whether to play for and follow his widely beloved basketball coach Mike Rollins or Birdie, a local drug dealer in the neighborhood. Thomas "Shep" Sheppard, a former standout player himself, now works as a high school security guard. Kyle feels resentment towards the security guard, because Kyle's own mother is falling in love with Shep.Coincidentally, Kyle's coach also wants Shep to coach his team when he feels it is time for him to retire. It is later revealed to Kyle from Flip, a homeless crackhead and also Shep's old friend and teammate, that Shep is Birdie's older brother. The next night, Birdie humiliates Bugaloo in front of his team, then Bugaloo and Shep reveal to Kyle that Birdie had murdered Flip the night before. That same night, Shep challenges Kyle to a game of basketball, which he gets the better of Kyle and ultimately wins, trying to teach Kyle a lesson about owing himself and the others who help and care for him. Kyle makes a decision to run with Birdie's team until he decided to come back to his old team, because of Birdie's wrongful actions against Kyle's friend Bugaloo and him murdering Flip. In the tournament, both Kyle's and Birdie's teams march to the finals, with Kyle's team playing solid team basketball, while Birdie's team plays a very rough and dirty style.Before the finals, Birdie threatens Kyle, demanding Kyle to throw away the game, so that Birdie's team would win. Kyle is brutalized throughout the game, with Birdie's team having a solid lead. Shep, unable to watch any longer, joins Kyle's team. Despite being aggressively attacked throughout, Shep helps the team come back. In the final seconds, he passes the ball to Kyle, who dunks the ball and Kyle's team wins the game.After the loss, Birdie orders Motaw, his star player and gang member, to kill Kyle. Shep protects Kyle by jumping on him and Motaw shoots Shep. A plainclothes NYPD detective then fatally shoots Motaw twice. Bugaloo kills Birdie in the club, as revenge for previous humiliations and for trying to have Kyle killed. In the end, Kyle is revealed to have gotten the scholarship to Georgetown University. During a televised game, Kyle hits the game winner, while a recovered Shep, Mailika and Coach Rollins watch with a smile.
1441	Moonlight and Valentino (1995)	Drama, Romance	Rebecca Lott is a thirtysomething poetry teacher who is widowed when her husband is killed while jogging. Helping her cope with her grief is a support system consisting of her sister Lucy Trager, a chain-smoker still trying to deal with their mother's death from cancer 14 years earlier; her best friend Sylvie Morrow, who is trapped in an unhappy marriage; and her former stepmother Alberta Russell, a high-powered Wall Street executive so caught up in the financial world she has difficulty relating to anyone not involved with it. Romance finds its way back into Rebecca's life when a flirtatious, handsome younger man hired to paint the house takes an interest in her, and his presence affects the other women as well."...the painter also becomes a part of Rebecca’s healing process".
1442	Scarlet Letter, The (1995)	Drama	In 1667, in the Massachusetts Bay Colony, tensions simmer between the local Puritan settlers and the neighboring Algonquian tribe. As Metacomet succeeds as the tribal chief during his father's funeral pyre, a new English colonist, Hester Prynne, arrives from overseas. While awaiting the return of her older husband, Roger Prynne, who is believed to be lost or dead following a mission to assist other settlers, Hester forms a romantic relationship with a young minister, Arthur Dimmesdale.When news emerges suggesting Roger Prynne has likely died, Hester and Dimmesdale pursue their relationship, and Hester becomes pregnant. Upon discovery of her pregnancy, Hester is imprisoned for adultery. Although Dimmesdale initially resolves to confess his part in the affair, Hester persuades him to remain silent. She is publicly sentenced to wear a scarlet letter "A" for adultery and is shunned by the community, followed constantly by a drummer boy to mark her shame.Roger Prynne eventually returns, having survived being shipwrecked and held captive by Native Americans during his time away. Concealing his identity under the alias "Dr. Roger Chillingworth," he begins to search for Hester's lover. In an effort to frame the Algonquian, Chillingworth murders and scalps a settler outside Hester’s home. The crime provokes conflict, and the colonists declare war on the Algonquian. Overwhelmed by guilt for sparking the violence, Chillingworth dies by suicide.Amid the chaos, Hester is nearly executed alongside others but is saved when Dimmesdale publicly confesses that he is the father of her child. As he prepares to face punishment, the Algonquian launch an attack on the colony. Both sides suffer heavy losses, and in the aftermath, colonial leaders focus more on suppressing news of the conflict than on continuing Hester’s persecution. Hester removes her scarlet letter and leaves Massachusetts with Dimmesdale, heading south toward Carolina.
1443	8 Seconds (1994)	Drama	While growing up in Oklahoma, Lane Frost learns the tricks of the bull riding trade at the hand of his father Clyde, an accomplished bronc rider himself. As he grows older, Lane travels the professional rodeo circuit with his best friends Tuff Hedeman and Cody Lambert. He meets and falls in love with a barrel racer, Kellie Kyle, and they eventually marry in 1984.As Lane's legend and fame increase, so does the amount of pressure he puts on himself, to be what everyone wants him to be, and he wants to show that he is as good as they say he is. His ascent to the 1987 Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association bull riding world championship is marred by a cheating incident, questions about Kellie's devotion, and a nearly-broken neck. The film also follows him through the true life series between himself and Red Rock, a bull that no cowboy had ever been able to stay on for eight seconds. It cuts the series down to three rides. In 1989, Lane is the second-to-last bull rider during the last day of that year's Cheyenne Frontier Days rodeo. He successfully rides the bull named Takin' Care of Business and dismounts, but the bull turns back and hits him in the side with a horn, breaking some ribs and severing a main artery. As a result of excessive internal bleeding, Lane dies on the arena floor before he can be transported to the hospital.The final scene shows Hedeman later that same year at the National Finals Rodeo riding for the world championship. After the eight-second bell sounds, he continues to ride and stays on an additional eight seconds as a tribute to his fallen best friend, who will never be forgotten.
1444	That Darn Cat! (1965)	Children's, Comedy, Mystery	"Darn Cat" or "DC" is a wily, adventurous Siamese tomcat, who lives with young suburbanite sisters Ingrid "Inky" and Patricia "Patti" Randall. He enjoys an evening route wandering through town, which includes teasing local dogs, swiping food, and marking vehicles with muddy paws.One night, DC follows bank robber Iggy into the apartment where Iggy and his partner Dan are holding bank employee Margaret Miller hostage. Miss Miller uses the opportunity to replace DC's collar with her watch, on which she has inscribed most of the word "HELP".DC returns home to the Randalls; Patti discovers the watch, and suspects that it belongs to the kidnapped woman. She goes to the FBI and tells Agent Zeke Kelso of her discovery. Supervisor Newton assigns Kelso to follow DC in the hope that he will lead them back to the robbers' hideout.Kelso sets up a headquarters in the Randalls' house and assigns a team to keep the cat under surveillance. Despite multiple attempts and a bugging system, DC eludes them in humiliating and comedic ways, culminating in a chase where he leads Agent Kelso through several back yards and a drive-in theatre. As DC ends up trying to open a pigeon cage, he is discovered by the owner Gregory Benson, who is in Ingrid's carpool. Benson chases DC and Kelso out and angrily announces he is leaving the carpool.The next day, agent Kelso's supervisor Newton shuts down the operation, determining the watch not a useful clue. Patti disguises herself as the hippie niece of her friend Mr. A. Hofstedder the jeweler, and persuades the FBI that the watch is indeed hard evidence. Newton and Kelso set up one last surveillance from the Randall home and trail DC through several neighborhoods before finally arriving at the bank robbers' hideout. Kelso enters the apartment just in time to save Miss Miller's life, and Patti enters moments later in an attempt to keep Kelso alive. After a brief scuffle, the kidnappers are arrested and Miss Miller is liberated.In the epilogue, Patti reconciles with her on-and-off-boyfriend Canoe Henderson, who has suffered with jealousy due to the secretive nature of the FBI investigation. Kelso becomes Ingrid's new carpool and begins a romance with her, while DC starts a family with a gray cat he has been visiting on his nightly rounds.
1445	Ladybird Ladybird (1994)	Drama	In a London karaoke bar some time around 1987, Maggie Conlan, a woman with a troubled past, meets Paraguayan immigrant Jorge and has a drink with him. She confesses to Jorge (whom she calls George) that her four children, all with different fathers, are in the care of social services. Maggie leaves but forgets her wallet, which Jorge returns to her after chasing down her bus. The pair go to a pizza restaurant, then return to Jorge's apartment, where Maggie tells Jorge about her experiences with her abusive, alcoholic ex-boyfriend Simon, which led her to move into a domestic violence refuge. The two begin to kiss but Maggie grows hysterical and attempts to storm out of Jorge's apartment, revealing her unresolved feelings of loss for her children. In a flashback, Maggie is singing in a club when she is called home by the bartender and discovers that there has been a fire at the refuge and her son Sean has been injured in the fire. Maggie goes to the hospital where she is interviewed by the police, who are concerned that Maggie left the children alone. She claims to have left the key with a friend, but the friend has no recollection of this. Sean is then placed in foster care. Maggie visits him and is micromanaging and rude to his foster mother, Mary, and causes Sean pain as she improperly changes his bandages. Back in the present, Maggie and Jorge have sex. In another flashback, Maggie meets with a pair of social workers, who tell her that she needs to be assessed at a halfway house in order to have a chance at receiving Sean back, to which she is resistant. She eventually gives in and goes to the halfway house, but leaves almost immediately after seeing an altercation with another patient. Now a quasi-fugitive, her sister Mairead says she cannot stay with her family, and Maggie says she cannot return to the refuge. This leads to her returning to Simon, with whom she plans to leave town. As they are leaving, a social worker confronts Maggie and tells her that she will lose her children if she flees the city, but Maggie leaves anyway. Simon insists that they stop and collect Maggie's government welfare check, but she fears that the authorities will find them. Simon kicks her out of the van and assaults her, and she leaves the children in Simon's van where they later taken by the police. Back in the present, Jorge reveals that he is a political refugee from Paraguay, and has not returned for fear he will be killed due to his dissident views. He also reveals that he has a wife back in Paraguay, but has been away so long that he is not sure whether or not they are still married.At Maggie's court hearing, a doctor testifies that Maggie loves her children, but is not capable of properly caring for them, citing her history with Simon. Maggie begins to audibly protest, and runs out of the courtroom. Jorge, meanwhile, reveals that his visa has expired and he will stay in England as an illegal alien, tearing up his plane tickets and declaring his commitment to Maggie, who is later revealed to be pregnant with Jorge's child. The pair move into a new flat, and Jorge acquires an under-the-table job at a chicken restaurant. He returns home to Maggie, who has a breakdown when she sees an adoption advertisement in the newspaper for Sean. Maggie and Jorge get into a dispute with their irritable elderly neighbor Mrs. Higgs, who makes racial comments about Jorge. Maggie goes to the hospital and has the baby, but Jorge's supervisor docks his pay for missing work. A health visitor comes to enquire about the baby, but Maggie lies about her identity and refuses her entry. The health visitor returns later, revealing that she knows Maggie's children are in care, urging her to bring the baby to the clinic for a checkup. While Mairead and her children are visiting the flat, the police and Social Services arrive and take the baby under a place of safety order (it is implied that Mrs. Higgs called Social Services on the family). Maggie grows visibly distraught and has to be restrained as the police take the baby.Maggie interviews with a series of Social Services workers in order to keep the baby, but grows tired of putting up a facade and berates one of the interviewers, revealing her long-seated hatred for Social Services based on her belief that they failed to remove her from her sexually abusive home as a young girl. At a new trial, Mrs. Higgs takes the stand and lies that Jorge has been physically abusive to Maggie. The court also grills Jorge about his past in Paraguay. While Jorge takes a break from the proceedings, he is served with deportation papers after his employer reveals his status as an illegal immigrant as a form of retaliation. The court eventually declares that Maggie is an unfit mother due to her lack of self control, lack of intellect, and refusal to work with Social Services. Later, Jorge returns to the flat and reveals that he has been granted permission to remain in the country due to his good character. He reiterates his desire to stay with Maggie, who becomes hysterical and assaults Jorge, who walks out of the apartment before returning and reconciling with Maggie. Maggie becomes pregnant again, and after the baby is born, Social Services arrives and announces that they have another place of safety order to execute. Maggie attempts to throw herself out of the window, and is sedated as a response. The film cuts to Maggie and Jorge at home, where they have one final fight and reconciliation. The film ends with a title card over the last moments of footage:Maggie and Jorge have had three more children whom they have been allowed to keep. They have been given no access to their first two daughters. Maggie says that she thinks every day of all her lost children.
1446	Bye Bye, Love (1995)	Comedy	This is a story about the breakup of the family. In particular, it focuses on the lifestyle of three divorced men in the Los Angeles area, Dave Goldman (Matthew Modine), wrestling coach/driver's ed teacher Vic D'Amico (Randy Quaid), and real estate agent Donny Carson (Paul Reiser).The film is presented from their perspective and it reveals their relationships with their children, former wives, girlfriends, male friendships, and their identities as divorced men. In addition to dealing with divorce, the film touches on spousal loss and young adult homelessness.
1447	Century (1993)	Drama	The 1993 Storm of the Century (also known as the 93 Superstorm, The No Name Storm, or the Great Blizzard of '93/1993) was a devastating cyclonic storm, or nor'easter, that formed over the Gulf of Mexico on March 12, 1993. The cold weather, heavy snowfall, high winds and storm surge that the storm brought affected a very large area; at its height, it stretched from Canada to Honduras. The cyclone moved through the Gulf of Mexico and then through the eastern United States before moving on to eastern Canada. It eventually dissipated in the North Atlantic Ocean on March 15. Heavy snow was first reported in highland areas as far south as Alabama and northern Georgia, with Union County, Georgia reporting up to 35 inches (89 cm) of snow. Birmingham, Alabama, reported a rare 13 in (33 cm) of snow. The Florida Panhandle reported around 6–12 in (15–30 cm) of snow, with hurricane-force wind gusts and record low barometric pressures. Between Louisiana and Cuba, the hurricane-force winds produced high storm surges across the Big Bend of Florida which, in combination with scattered tornadoes, killed dozens of people. Record cold temperatures were seen across portions of the Southern United States and Eastern United States in the wake of this storm. In the United States, the storm was responsible for the loss of electric power to more than 10 million households. An estimated 40 percent of the country's population experienced the effects of the storm and it led to a total of 208 fatalities. In all, the storm resulted in 318 deaths, and caused $5.5 billion (1993 USD) in damages. The greatest recorded snowfall amounts were at Mount Le Conte in Tennessee, where 56 inches (140 cm) of snow fell, and Mount Mitchell in North Carolina, the tallest mountain in eastern North America, where 50 inches (130 cm) was measured to fall and 15-foot (4.6 m) snow drifts were reported.
1448	My Favorite Season (1993)	Drama	Berthe, an elderly widow, is forced by her declining health to close the French farmhouse where she has spent much of her life. She moves in with her daughter Émilie and son-in-law Bruno, who share a legal practice and have two grown children: Anne, a law student, and Lucien, who was adopted. In spite of Émilie's efforts, Berthe is not happy in her daughter's bourgeois home in Blagnac. She sits by the swimming pool in the middle of the night talking to herself and finds the house pretentious. Worried about her mother's physical and mental health, Émilie pays a visit to her unmarried younger brother, Antoine, a neurosurgeon. They have not seen each other for three years, since they quarreled at their father's funeral. Émilie informs Antoine of their mother's condition and invites him to Christmas dinner with the family.On Christmas Eve, Antoine arrives at his sister's home as Émilie, Bruno and Anne are leaving for midnight mass. Antoine urges himself not to get carried away and spoil the evening. As he wanders through the house looking for his mother, he surprises Lucien, who works at a nightclub in town, making out with Khadija, Émilie and Bruno's Moroccan secretary, who has been invited to spend Christmas with the family. Antoine promises not to tell anything. When he finds his mother's room, Berthe is delighted to see him, but complains about living with Émilie. She dislikes Bruno, has no affection for the grandchildren and does not value Émilie's efforts to put her at ease. Dinner is lively, but after the youngsters leave for Lucien's room, tempers flare between Bruno and Antoine and they exchange blows. Antoine leaves with a bloody nose and Berthe departs with him. Talking later with Bruno, Émilie says she loathes what they have become. Anne is distraught by the family's dispute and looks to Khadija for solace.Berthe returns to live alone at her farm but suffers a stroke. This forces Émilie to visit her brother once again. Antoine has moved to a small apartment in Toulouse. He is glad to learn that Émilie has separated from Bruno. The siblings agree to place their mother in a nursing home. They pick up Berthe and on the drive they remember old times. When Émilie and Antoine sing as they used to when they were children, Berthe cheers up. On a stop during the trip, Antoine fulfills a childhood dream and goes skinny-dipping in a river. Berthe introduces her children to the director of the retirement home. She took good care of her children and they are now two very successful professionals who are too busy to take care of her, she says bitterly. Pressured by her brother, Émilie spends the night at Antoine's apartment. He gives her a drug to help her sleep and joins Khadija and Anne at the bar where Lucien works. Anne has now given up her law studies and works in a music shop. Lucien and Khadija have a rocky relationship. Antoine tries to rekindle the childhood closeness he enjoyed with his sister.When Antoine and Émilie visit their mother at the retirement home, her physical and mental health have greatly deteriorated. She says she wishes she had had a third child because that child would have taken care of her. Émilie and Antoine remove their mother from the nursing home. An exam at the hospital where Antoine works confirms their suspicion that Berthe is in her final decline. Émilie moves back to her house at Blagnac. Antoine breaks into the house to talk to her, and they have an argument. They recriminate each other about their behavior toward their mother. Feeling guilty, Antoine makes a halfhearted attempt to commit suicide, jumping from the balcony of his apartment and breaking a leg. Berthe dies alone at the hospital. After the funeral, Antoine, Émilie, Bruno, Lucien, Anne and Khadija meet at the house in Blagnac and have breakfast outdoors. During the conversation Anne asks the others which is their favorite season since she does not have one. Before Antoine's departure Émilie recites a poem she learned as a song as a child. She used to sing it while waiting at school for the holidays to be reunited with Antoine.
1449	Pather Panchali (1955)	Drama	In the late-1910s in Nischindipur, rural Bengal, Harihar Roy earns a meagre living as a pujari (priest) but dreams of a better career as a poet and playwright. His wife Sarbajaya cares for their children, Durga and Apu, and Harihar's elderly cousin, Indir Thakrun. Because of their limited resources, Sarbajaya resents having to share her home with the old Indir, who often steals food from their already bare kitchen. Durga is fond of Indir and often gives her fruit stolen from a wealthy neighbour's orchard. One day, the neighbour's wife accuses Durga of stealing a bead necklace (which Durga denies) and blames Sarbajaya for encouraging her tendency to steal.As the elder sibling, Durga cares for Apu with motherly affection but spares no opportunity to tease him. Together, they share life's simple joys: sitting quietly under a tree, viewing pictures in a travelling vendor's bioscope, running after the candy man who passes through, and watching a jatra (folk theatre) performed by an acting troupe. Every evening, they are delighted by the sound of a distant train's whistle.Sarbajaya grows increasingly resentful of Indir and becomes more openly hostile, which causes Indir to take temporary refuge in the home of another relative. One day, while Durga and Apu run to catch a glimpse of the train, Indir—who is feeling unwell—goes back home, and the children find she has died upon their return.With prospects drying up in the village, Harihar travels to the city to seek a better job. He promises that he will return with money to repair their dilapidated house, but is gone longer than expected. During his absence, the family sinks deeper into poverty, and Sarbajaya grows increasingly desperate and anxious. One day during the monsoon season, Durga plays in the downpour, catches a cold and develops a high fever. Her condition worsens as a thunderstorm batters the crumbling house with rain and wind, and she dies the next morning.Harihar returns home and starts to show Sarbajaya the merchandise he has brought from the city. A silent Sarbajaya breaks down at her husband's feet, and Harihar cries out in grief as he discovers that Durga has died. The family decide to leave their ancestral home for Benaras. As they pack, Apu finds the necklace Durga had earlier denied stealing; he throws it into a pond. Apu and his parents leave the village on an ox-cart, while a snake is seen slithering into their now barren house.
1450	Golden Earrings (1947)	Adventure, Romance	Starting in London, England in 1946 after World War II had been declared over, two items are delivered to a hotel: a small package for a retired British Major General Ralph Denistoun, and a telegram for an American named Quentin Reynolds.  The bellhop drops the telegram off to Quentin Reynolds first and he then takes the small package across the room to Ralph Denistoun.   When Ralph sees the box's point of origin, he opens the package revealing a pair of golden earrings, holding one up to his pierced ear while looking at his reflection in a window. Denistoun later boards a plane from London to Paris, finding himself seated next to Reynolds, who asks Denistoun why has he kept the reason for his pierced ears a secret for so long.  Denistoun then tells him the story.Before the war had officially broken out, he and another man named Richard Byrd were already in Germany, being held captive by a man named Hoff.  They plotted to escape, planning to meet at the home of a friend of Byrd's father, Professor Otto Krosigk, who had developed a special poison gas formula.  Splitting up with Byrd after their escape, Denistoun came across a gypsy lady named Lydia who helped him get across country with her horse and wagon by dressing him up as a gypsy to disguise him from the Nazis.  Reaching the city where Denistoun was to regroup with Byrd, they find that Byrd has been captured by the Germans while trying to reach Professor Krosigk on his own.As Hoff and two of his men tried using a flame to make Byrd talk, Denistoun revealed himself and shot all three of the Nazis.  Byrd, already near death, died.  Lydia and another gypsy named Zoltan helped him get rid of the bodies and get to Professor Krosigk's home.  The professor did not believe Denistoun initially, but a visit from some German soldiers convinced him of Denistoun's authenticity.  He then gave Denistoun the gas formula, written on a bill of German cash.  Denistoun was then able to leave without the Germans discovering his identity.Lydia then led him to a point on the High Rhine where he could swim across to France with the formula in a special container.  Ralph had removed his earrings and coat, giving them back to Lydia before plunging into the river.Once Denistoun reaches Paris, he visits the very place where he remembered leaving Lydia several years ago, spotting her horse, Apple, and her wagon across the river.  Putting the earrings back on, Denistoun spits three times in the river, per gypsy tradition, before crossing the river.  One the other side, he calls out to Lydia, who is excited to see him.  The two then get into the wagon, Lydia puts the coat back on him and the two ride off.
1451	Foreign Correspondent (1940)	Thriller	In mid-August 1939, just before the outbreak of World War II, the editor of the New York Morning Globe, Mr. Powers (Harry Davenport), sends crime reporter John Jones, using the pen name "Huntley Haverstock" (Joel McCrea), to Europe to report on conditions there.  Jones's first assignment is to interview a Dutch diplomat named Van Meer (Albert Bassermann), at a luncheon.Jones/Haverstock shares a cab with Van Meer on the way to the luncheon. He peppers him with questions about the impending war, but Van Meer evades answering. Once at the event, Jones becomes smitten with Carol (Laraine Day) who has some uncertain role at the meeting. He invites her to sit at his table saying none of the reporters will listen to the speeches. A charming host, Stephen Fisher (Herbert Marshall), the leader of the Universal Peace Party, makes the announcement that their keynote speaker, Van Meer, has taken ill and won't appear. In his stead, the host has his daughter, Carol, speak. Jones realizes he has inadvertently insulted the woman he now adores.The newspaper editor, Powers, sends Jones on to Amsterdam to cover Van Meer's next appearance, at a conference of the Universal Peace Party. When Jones stops to greet Van Meer outside the conference hall, Van Meer seems to be in some kind of hypnotic state and does not recognize him. Suddenly, an eager photographer moves to take a photo of the Dutch diplomat – actually concealing a gun near the camera. He assassinates Van Meer. Jones runs after the shooter and ends up encountering Carol and a reporter friend of hers, Scott ffolliott (George Sanders). They give chase in his car. Outside the city, they seem to lose sight of the car they have been following, but Jones suspects that the assassin is hiding in a windmill.While Carol and ffolliott go for the police, Jones searches the windmill and finds Van Meer alive, but heavily drugged. All Van Meer can manage to convey is that the man shot in front of witnesses earlier was an imposter. Jones narrowly escapes the windmill to tell the police that Van Meer is alive. When they all return to the scene with authorities, Van Meer and his kidnappers are gone. Later, back at Jones's hotel room in Amsterdam, two spies posing as police officers arrive to kidnap him. When he suspects who they really are, he escapes out of his hotel bathroom window. He runs into Carol again.Jones and Carol board a British ship to England. Amidst a furious storm, Jones proposes marriage to her, which she accepts. In England, they go to Carol's father's house, where Jones sees Krug (Eduardo Ciannelli), whom he recognizes from the windmill as the operative running the assassination and kidnapping. Fisher and Krug realize Jones knows too much, and Krug convinces Fisher that he must be killed.  Fisher tells Jones he is in danger and offers a bodyguard to protect him. The bodyguard, Rowley (Edmund Gwenn), takes Jones to the top of Westminster Cathedral tower ostensibly to ditch anyone following them and to show Jones the view. Suddenly, the bodyguard tries to shove Jones off the tower, going over the side to his own death, instead.Jones and ffolliott are convinced that Fisher is a traitor, so they come up with a plan: Jones will take Carol to Cambridge, and ffolliott will pretend she has been kidnapped, in order to force Fisher to divulge Van Meer's location. Carol agrees to go, thinking that the purpose of their trip is to protect Jones by getting him out of London. When she overhears Jones booking two adjoining rooms at an inn, she believes that Jones has tricked her into leaving London for a premarital sexual encounter. She returns home alone and earlier than ffolliott expected, foiling his attempt to extract Van Meer's location from her father. ffolliott then trails Fisher to a closed hotel where Van Meer is being held prisoner. He is captured at gunpoint and brought into the room where the spy ring is holding a drugged Van Meer, torturing him with bright lights and loud jazz music. Fisher fails to persuade Van Meer to reveal the details of a secret clause in a treaty, Clause 27 (the movie's MacGuffin). Fisher then has Van Meer physically tortured until he begins to recite the clause, which would be triggered if Germany goes to war. ffolliot starts to fight Fisher's thugs to interrupt Van Meer, and then escapes. Jones and a fellow reporter arrive, and the three rescue Van Meer. Fisher flees. Van Meer is taken to a nearby hospital, where he slowly regains consciousness.Britain and France declare war on Germany. Jones and ffolliott follow the Fishers onto a Short S.30 Empire flying boat to America. When Fisher intercepts a telegram intended for ffolliott, telling him that Van Meer has recovered and identified Fisher as his kidnapper, Fisher realizes he will soon be captured and returned to England. He confesses his treasonous behavior to Carol, who already suspects the truth but promises to stand by him. Jones pleads with Carol to rekindle their affair. Seconds later, the aircraft is shelled by a German destroyer and crashes into the ocean. The survivors perch on the floating wing of the downed aircraft. Realizing that the wing cannot support everyone, Fisher slips into the ocean to drown, dying for his cause while also sacrificing himself so the rest will survive.An American ship rescues the survivors. The captain refuses to allow the reporters to file their stories using the ship's communications, citing American neutrality in the war. Still, Jones, ffolliott, and Carol surreptitiously communicate the story by radio-telephone to Mr. Powers. Jones returns to England and, with Carol at his side, becomes a successful war correspondent. During a live radio broadcast, he describes London being bombed, urging Americans to "keep those lights burning" as they go dark in the studio.
1452	Lady of Burlesque (1943)	Comedy, Mystery	A significant portion of the film is taken up with onstage performances, including comic bits and toned-down striptease acts.  There is also a lot of backstage action not directly related to the evolving murder mystery but highlighting the characters and lifestyles of the performers and crew.At a New York City burlesque theatre, performer Dixie Daisy (the stage name of Deborah Hoople) is becoming an audience favorite with her singing and striptease act.  Backstage she has mixed interactions with other performers, some of whom are catty and jealous while others are quite friendly, especially Gee Gee Graham. Comic Biff Brannigan tries to get friendly with her, but Dixie turns him away, not having had good experiences with comics before.During a police raid on the theatre for violating "public decency" laws, the backstage lights go out, and someone tries to strangle Dixie but stops when a stagehand comes by.  A number of the performers and crew are thrown in jail but the theatre's owner and producer S.B. Foss bails them out and awards each a share in the company to keep them with him.  A few nights later, another performer, Lolita LaVerne, is found strangled with a g-string after a violent argument with her boyfriend, gangster Louie Grindero. As a police investigation begins, the g-string believed to be the murder weapon goes missing and a number of possible suspects, both from the theatre and outside—including Dixie herself—come under suspicion. The coroner, though, reveals that Lolita's death was actually due to poison, and Biff reveals that he had hidden the g-string after someone had slipped it into his pocket, earning Dixie's appreciation. Biff, however, is arrested but released when new evidence is discovered.When Biff and Daisy are on stage for a comedy skit, the body of another rival, Princess Nirvena, falls out of a prop; she has also been strangled with a g-string. The murders and related events begin to tie up, and Inspector Harrigan, the lead investigator, recommends shutting down the theatre for safety.  Dixie, though, rallies the employees with a never-give-in speech, reminding them that they all now have ownership stakes in the company.Dixie remains behind as everyone else leaves for the night. The aged stagehand Stacchi appears, confesses to the murders and tries to strangle Dixie.  The police and Biff burst in and rescue her. It transpires that Dixie and her friend Gee Gee had decided to set a trap for the killer. Biff fills in additional information, having discovered that Stacchi was actually Lolita's grandfather, driven to an insane hatred of burlesque performers. With all problems resolved, Biff proposes to Dixie and she accepts.
1453	Angel on My Shoulder (1946)	Crime, Drama	After his release from prison, gangster Eddie Kagle is killed by his partner in crime, Smiley Williams. Kagle ends up in Hell, where "Nick" offers him a chance to leave and avenge his own death in exchange for help with a problem. Kagle looks exactly like Judge Frederick Parker, an upright man who is causing Nick distress because he is too honest. Nick fears that Parker may cause him more anxiety in future, as he is running for governor of his state. Nick wants to destroy Parker's reputation, and Kagle readily agrees to have his soul transferred into Parker's body in exchange for the opportunity to exact revenge on Williams.As soon as Kagle appears as Parker, odd things begin to happen. Kagle pursues his goal with evil intent (though often at cross purposes with the Devil), but everything he does to ruin Judge Parker's reputation somehow results in making Parker look better. Along the way, Kagle falls in love with Barbara Foster, the judge's fiancée, causing him to question his whole outlook on life and to eventually rebel against Nick.Nick presents Kagle with the opportunity to shoot Williams, but instead Kagle confronts Williams with the truth. Shocked and frightened, Williams backs away and falls out of an open window to his death. Beyond Nick's power by virtue of having committed no wrongdoing since his return to life, Kagle is eager to stay, start a life with Barbara and take up Judge Parker's mission to support troubled young people. However, Nick tells him that every moment Kagle is present he is denying Parker and Barbara their rightful life together. Kagle agrees, bids Barbara farewell and relinquishes Parker's body, allowing the couple a tearful reunion.Exasperated and defeated, Nick takes Kagle back to Hell, leaving Judge Parker in a much better position than before. Nick threatens to make the reformed Kagle's punishment even more painful than usual, but Kagle blackmails him; in return for not revealing Nick's blunders, Kagle wants to be made a trusty. Nick has no option but to agree to the demand.
1454	Angel and the Badman (1947)	Western	Wounded Quirt Evans' horse collapses in front of Quaker Thomas Worth's homestead. Quirt says that he must get to the telegraph station. Thomas and his daughter Penelope (Penny) offer to drive him into town in their wagon, to which Quirt agrees. After wiring a claim to the land recorder's office, Quirt passes out. The telegraph operator, Bradley, tells Penny that Quirt is a famous gunman, and a ladies' man. At the Worths' house, the doctor treats a delirious Quirt and warns the family that offering him shelter is dangerous. Once Quirt has regained consciousness, Penny explains the family's belief in nonviolence.Laredo Stevens and three associates ride into town looking for Quirt. Penny's younger brother Johnny warns Quirt, who prepares to leave. Penny, now smitten with Quirt, offers to run off with him. Quirt checks his gun and discovers that it has been emptied just as Stevens's gang arrives. Training his weapon on the doorway, Quirt calmly greets Laredo and his gang. Thinking that Quirt has the upper hand, Laredo offers to buy his claim. When Quirt sets the price at $20,000, Laredo hands over $5,000 in gold and challenges him to come for the balance when he is able.Afterward, Quirt prepares to leave, but when Penny begs him to stay, he changes his mind. When Quirt learns that rancher Frederick Carson dammed the stream running through the valley, draining the Worths' irrigation ditches, he intimidates Carson into opening the dam.Penny asks Quirt to accompany the family to a Quaker meeting. Before they leave, Marshal Wistful McClintock comes to question Quirt about a stagecoach robbery. The family swears that Quirt was with them at the time. McClintock asks Quirt why he resigned as Wyatt Earp's deputy and sold his ranch, soon after Laredo gunned down Walt Ennis in a saloon brawl. When Quirt refuses to answer, McClintock leaves. When Penny begs Quirt to steer clear of Laredo, he says he will. On the way to the meeting, they meet Quirt's friend Randy McCall. At the meeting, Randy tells Quirt that Laredo plans to rustle a herd of cattle and suggests that they then steal the herd from Laredo and let him take the blame. Thomas presents Quirt with a Bible in gratitude for his role in ending the water feud with Carson. Fearing that he will never live up to Penny's expectations, Quirt abruptly leaves with Randy.Quirt and Randy steal the herd from the original rustlers. They then celebrate with showgirls Lila Neal and Christine Taylor. After a bar fight, Lila teases Quirt about his Bible, who gets angry and rides back to the Worth farm. Penny is pleased, but when McClintock arrives to question Quirt about the rustling, Quirt says that Lila can provide him with an alibi. Penny is hurt because she heard Quirt talk about Lila in his delirium, and thinks that Quirt prefers Lila. Quirt kisses her to show who he really prefers.McClintock warns Quirt that he is the wrong man for Penny, but Quirt proposes to her, anyway. Instead of replying, Penny takes Quirt to pick blackberries. When Penny asks how he came by his name, he says that Walt Ennis found and raised him, and that later Ennis was murdered in a saloon brawl. On their way home, they are ambushed and chased by Laredo and Hondo. Their wagon plunges over a cliff into the river. Penny develops a fever, and when the doctor tells Quirt no hope remains for her, he straps on his pistol and rides into town. After Quirt leaves, Penny's fever suddenly breaks.In town, Quirt sends Bradley to tell Laredo and Hondo that he is waiting for them in the street. The Worths arrive and Penny convinces Quirt to surrender his gun to her. As Laredo and Hondo draw their guns, McClintock shoots them both. Quirt, swearing off his former life of violence to McClintock, rides off in the wagon with Penny. McClintock picks up Quirt's discarded weapon and Bradley comments that Quirt may need it, but McClintock says, "Only a man who carries a gun ever needs one."
1455	Outlaw, The (1943)	Western	Sheriff Pat Garrett welcomes his friend Doc Holliday to Lincoln, New Mexico. Doc is looking for his stolen horse, only to find the strawberry roan in the possession of Billy the Kid, who says he bought it from someone else. They spar over it, yet take a liking to each other, much to Garrett's disgust. Doc still tries to steal his horse back late that night, but Billy is waiting and foils him.Billy then decides to sleep in the barn, only to be shot at. He overpowers his ambusher, the willful Rio McDonald, Doc's love interest. She is out to avenge her brother, slain by the Kid, and next tries to stab Billy with a pitchfork, but he overpowers and rapes her.The next day, a stranger offers to shoot Garrett in the back while the Kid distracts the lawman, but Billy suspects a trap and guns the man down in self-defense. There are no witnesses, and Garrett tries to arrest Billy, only to have Doc take Billy's side. As the pair attempt to leave, Garrett shoots Billy. Doc blasts the rifle out of Garrett's hand, kills two deputies, and holds off a third.Doc flees with Billy to the home of Rio and her aunt, Guadalupe. With a posse after them, Doc leaves Billy and rides away. Instead of killing the unconscious Kid, Rio is now drawn to him and nurses him back to health over the next month, even climbing in bed with him when he becomes chilled. By the time Doc returns, Rio has fallen in love with Billy, and claims to have secretly married the still delirious gunslinger. Doc is furious that Billy has stolen his girlfriend. After Doc simmers down, the Kid gives him a choice: the horse or Rio. To Billy's annoyance, Doc picks the horse. Angered that both men prefer the animal over her, Rio fills their canteens with sand. The two men ride off together.On the trail, they are pursued by Garrett. The pair surmise that Rio tipped off the sheriff. Billy leaves in the night to confront her. Garrett arrives and captures a sleeping Doc and holds him prisoner.Before the two men can depart, they find that Billy has left Rio tied nearby, in sight of water, in revenge. Suspecting that Billy loves Rio and will return to free her, Garrett waits. Billy does come back and is captured.On the way back to town, they are surrounded by hostile Mescaleros. In a desperate situation, Garrett reluctantly frees his prisoners and returns their guns, after Billy promises to surrender his revolvers if they escape, but Doc evades making such a promise. They manage to elude the Indians, and Doc balks at giving his guns back. The foursome continue on together, away from Lincoln.Later that night, Doc seeks to leave with the contested horse, but Billy protests. The two men decide to duel, which Garrett expects Billy to lose. However, as they await the signal to draw, Billy moves his hands away from his guns. Doc tries to provoke him, winging the Kid three times, but Billy refuses to return fire. The two reconcile. Furious, Garrett calls Doc out, despite not having a chance. Doc makes no attempt to shoot his friend and is fatally wounded. Garrett is nonplussed.After Doc is buried, Garrett offers to give Billy Doc's revolvers as mementos, requesting Billy's in return.  He says he'll tell everyone he'd buried Billy instead of Doc, and the Kid can leave his past behind and make a fresh start in life. Billy agrees, but Garrett had removed the firing pins from Doc's guns. However, while comparing the revolvers, Billy switches one of Doc's for his, and he gets the jump on a gloating Garrett. He handcuffs the lawman to a post, encouraging him to stick to his original yarn rather than admit having been left helpless by the Kid. As Billy starts to ride away, he stops and looks back; Rio runs to join him and they gallop off together on the roan.
1456	Beat the Devil (1954)	Comedy, Drama	Billy Dannreuther is a formerly wealthy American who has fallen on hard times. He is reluctantly working with four crooks: Peterson, Julius O'Hara, Major Jack Ross and Ravello, who are trying to acquire uranium-rich land in British East Africa. Billy suspects that Major Ross murdered a British colonial officer who threatened to expose their plan. While waiting in Italy for passage to Africa, Billy and his wife Maria meet a British couple, Harry and Gwendolen Chelm, who plan to travel on the same ship. Harry seems a very proper and traditional Englishman, while Gwendolen is flighty and a compulsive fantasist. Billy and Gwendolen have an affair, while Maria flirts with Harry. Peterson becomes suspicious that the Chelms may be attempting to acquire the uranium themselves. Though this is untrue, it seems confirmed by Gwendolen, who lies about her husband and exaggerates his importance.Billy and Peterson decide to take a plane instead, but their car runs over a cliff when they are pushing it after a breakdown, and they are wrongly reported to have been killed. In order to replace Peterson's lost capital, Ravello approaches Harry Chelm and explains their scheme. Just then, to everyone's surprise, Billy and Peterson return to the hotel unharmed, just as the purser announces that the ship is at last ready to sail. On board, Harry reveals that he knows about Peterson's scheme and intends to inform the authorities. Peterson orders Major Ross to kill Harry, but Billy thwarts the murder attempt. Disbelieving Harry's outraged accusations, the ship's drunken captain has Harry locked in the brig.The ship's engine malfunctions and the passengers are told to escape by lifeboat. When Billy goes to rescue Harry, he finds that Harry has freed himself and left the ship, intending to swim ashore. The passengers land on an African beach, where they are arrested by Arab soldiers. They are interrogated by Ahmed, an Arab official who suspects that they may be spies or revolutionaries. Billy creates a distraction by fleeing the room and befriends Ahmed when he is recaptured by talking to him about Rita Hayworth, whom he pretends to have known. Billy then persuades him to send the party back to Italy by sailing boat.After the party land, they are questioned by a Scotland Yard detective who is investigating the murder of the colonial officer. Gwendolen reveals Peterson's scheme, his involvement in the murder and his attempt to kill Harry. The detective arrests Peterson, O'Hara, Ross and Ravello. As the four crooks are taken in handcuffs, Gwendolen receives a telegram from British East Africa saying that Harry has acquired the land that the crooks had sought. Harry is now extremely wealthy and willing to forgive Gwendolen. Billy laughs happily, saying, "This is the end, the end!"
1457	Love Is All There Is (1996)	Comedy, Drama	Love Is All There Is is a modern retelling of the Romeo and Juliet story, and it is set in the Bronx.The Capomezzos, Bronx-born Sicilians, own a local catering business. They develop a bitter rivalry with the pretentious Malacicis, recent immigrants from Florence and owners of a fine Italian restaurant.The Capomezzos' son, Rosario, falls in love with the Malacicis' daughter, Gina, after she replaces the star of the neighborhood church's staging of Romeo and Juliet. The rivalry intensifies after Rosario deflowers Gina after a fight with her parents.The movie was made in a few locations in New York: it was filmed at Greentree Country Club in New Rochelle, and many scenes were shot in City Island, Bronx.
1458	Damsel in Distress, A (1937)	Comedy, Musical, Romance	The staff at Totleigh Castle know that the lovely Lady Alyce Marshmorton must marry soon and wager on whom the groom will be. With all of the likely candidates already claimed, young footman Albert places a bet on a "Mr. X", someone totally out of the blue.Lady Alyce has a secret romantic interest in an American whom family has not met. She leaves the castle one day to venture into London and encounters American entertainer Jerry Halliday, who is accompanied by press agent George and his secretary Gracie.Jerry is incorrectly led to believe that he is the American whom Lady Alyce loves. He visits the castle, encouraged by Albert but discouraged by Keggs, a scheming butler whose money is on another suitor.Jerry fails to recognize Lady Alyce's father, the lord of the manor. He is slapped in the face in a Tunnel of Love, misunderstanding Lady Alyce's intentions. In the end, the pair find romance.
1459	Madame Butterfly (1995)	Musical	See: Madama Butterfly plot synopsis
1460	Sleepover (1995)	Comedy, Drama	Alexa Ellesse PenaVega (née Vega; born August 27, 1988) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Carmen Cortez in the first four Spy Kids films and Julie Corky in the 2004 film Sleepover. In 2009, she starred as the title character Ruby Gallagher in the ABC Family series Ruby & the Rockits.
1461	Here Comes Cookie (1935)	Comedy	Millionaire Harrison Allen is determined that his daughter Phyllis does not marry her fortune-hunting beau, Ramon del Ramos. Harrison and his secretary, George Burns, draw up a document in which Harrison temporarily signs over his fortune to his other daughter Gracie, who calls herself "Cookie," for a period of sixty days, in order to prove Ramon's avarice. While Harrison goes back to his hometown for a vacation, witless Gracie takes her father's farce to heart and proceeds to destroy his fortune and his home. She cuts George's salary, refuses to send her father any money, and destroys everyone's clothes so they will look like tramps. While the butler, Botts, George and Phyllis slowly starve, they also lose their sleep because Gracie turns the mansion into a no-cost boardinghouse for hundreds of out-of-work actors and their animals. When Ramon realizes that Gracie has all the money, he pursues her, and she naively decides to marry him. Spirits reach an all-time low when Botts finds it preferable to sleep on a park bench, rather than compete with an actor for a bed. At his wits end, Botts sells a trained seal to raise enough money to send Phyllis to Clarksville and retrieve her father. Meanwhile, Gracie is tearing down the inside of the mansion to construct a theater. She plans to stage a show that will do so poorly, that the family will be broke and Harrison will let her marry Ramon. Since Gracie has sent no money, Harrison and Phyllis are forced to hitchhike part of the way home. They arrive in a taxicab, owing the driver over one hundred dollars, on the opening night of "Gracie Allen's Flop," but are refused admittance. They sneak into the mansion and stumble on stage during Gracie's unintentionally comic balcony scene from Romeo and Juliet . George brings telegrams from Hollywood with offers to hire Gracie as a producer, because her show is a big success. At Harrison's insistence, George agrees to marry Gracie, but only on condition that while she is on the West Coast, he is in the East.
1462	Thieves (Voleurs, Les) (1996)	Crime, Drama, Romance	Justin, a boy who is living in a small town in the Rhône-Alpes region, is awaken in the middle of the night. His mother, Mireille is crying and his widower grandfather, Victor, tells the boy that his father, Ivan, is dead. The next day, Alex, Justin's uncle and Ivan's little brother, arrives for the funeral accompanied by a woman, Juliette. Justin notice the tension between people. He takes his father's gun and hides it. The story flashes backward and forward to explain what led up to Ivan's death.Alex, who has rebelled against his family by becoming a cop, works in the deprived La Duchere district of Lyon. He begins with his encounter, a year before Ivan's death, when he first meets Juliette, who is brought to his office when she was arrested for shoplifting. He lets her off. He sees her again one day when he visits the sleazy nightclub run by his big brother, Ivan. Ivan is a crime boss and runs a popular club with a drag revue, funding his business through a stolen-auto ring headed up by Jimmy, who is Juliette's brother. The encounter between the siblings on opposite sides of the law is tense, they barely get along. Ivan is happy to show Alex that he is doing much better than him on the wrong side of the law. After their second encounter Alex and Juliette start a tortured affair beginning to meet regularly for sex. He is not in love with her, and their relationship is complicated by the girl's emotional and sexual involvement with Marie, a professor of philosophy. Alex spies on Marie. Ivan hears about Juliette's relationship with Alex and threatens her. Ivan and his gang, including Juliette, plan the theft of cars in a railway deposit.The heist at the railway marshaling yard goes disastrously wrong when Ivan is shot dead, along with a security guard. Juliette, who had been coerced into participating, against Jimmy's wishes, is distraught by Ivan's death. Emotional imbalance and self-destructive, Juliette tries to commit suicide twice, first while staying with her brother and later while visiting Marie, after Ivan's death. Marie has her interned in a psychiatric hospital to recuperate. Alex asks Marie for the address of Juliette's clinic, but she has disappeared. In search of Juliette, Marie visits her housing estate apartment. After Ivan's cremation, Alex makes an effort to connect with his nephew without much success. At a local fair, Justin threatens Alex with an air-rifle. Justin learns the truth about his father's death from his grandfather Victor.Marie visits Alex, who tells her Juliette was involved in the heist and that he is trying to find her. Alex and Marie develop an uneasy friendship as they bid, from a distance, to protect Juliette. Later Alex visits Marie and finds she has become a recluse, writing a book about Juliette. He tells her Juliette is safe because the police are looking for a boy. Later Alex hears that Marie has committed suicide as he receives her manuscript and the tapes of Juliette's voice in the post. Alex goes to see Juliette in Marseille, but leaves her alone when he sees she is well from a distance. She has built a new life for herself and works in a bookshop. Justin has taken after his father and grandfather and does not like his uncle. By contrast, Justin gets along very well with Jimmy. Jimmy decides to marry Ivan's widow, Mireille.
1463	Boys, Les (1997)	Comedy	The story follows the players on a hockey team ("Les Boys") that play in a low level amateur hockey league.  They are made up of a wide variety of professions and personalities, including a police officer, a barely competent doctor, a mechanic, an unemployed hockey trivia buff who has lost his confidence as a goaltender, a shifty real estate salesman and a closeted gay lawyer.  The team is sponsored by a pub owner, whose son desperately wants to play hockey with the older men.  The film starts at the time of the league championship, at which time the team is soundly thrashed in the final.Meanwhile, the pub owner is losing at poker to the head of the local organized crime syndicate, to the tune of $50,000.  Given the opportunity to pay him back, the owner can only raise $25,000.  After threatening to break his leg, the crime boss proposes another wager - a game between Les Boys and his own team.  If Les Boys win, the debt is settled, but if they lose, the crime boss gets the pub.In the week leading up to the big game, a number of sub plots emerge.  Chief among them is the fact that most of the partners of the hockey players are starved for affection and intimacy, including the effeminate partner of the gay lawyer.  Their primary complaint is that their men are either consumed by work or hockey to the exclusion of their relationships.  Meanwhile, the doctor is attempting to get the pub's attractive waitress to notice him, but she only has eyes for the team's best player, the hunky, but married, mechanic.When game day arrives, the waitress has waylaid the mechanic on the pretext that her car needs work.  The rest of the players arrive (including the goalie, who had previously vowed retirement) to find they are up against a lineup of ringers, including players they recognize from various minor leagues.  Bewildered by the competition and handicapped by the lack of their best player, they quickly fall behind until the pub owner finally discloses the wager, and the mechanic shows up when he learns from his teammates that his wife is looking for him at the rink.  Naturally, they overcome all obstacles and triumph. The gay lawyer is publicly outed when he joyfully reunites with his lover. The waitress, seeing the doctor without his cheap toupee, realizes she is attracted to him after all.
1464	Stars Fell on Henrietta, The (1995)	Drama	The setting is early America during the oil boom. An elderly, down on his luck 'oil man', Mr. Cox finds himself in the town of Henrietta. Using unconventional methods, he convinces himself and local Don Day that there is oil on Day's land. The financially strapped Day puts everything into finding oil... but at what cost?
1465	Last Summer in the Hamptons (1995)	Comedy, Drama	The plot revolves around a family of theatre actors, directors, and playwrights spending their last summer together at their matriarch's (Viveca Lindfors as Helena Mora) home in the Hamptons. The summer house, named Proskurov (after Jaglom's father), is being sold as the family can no longer afford to keep it. Proskurov has been the site of an intimate outdoor theatrical performance for many summers, and the family (and Helena's interns) are preparing the final details of the show when successful Hollywood actress Oona Hart (Victoria Foyt) arrives. The film explores the dark underbelly of the family (with metaphorical help from Anton Chekhov, Aeschylus, and Tennessee Williams) as Oona attempts to attach herself to them and their theatrical endeavors as she seeks to leave Hollywood and embark on a stage career.
1466	Margaret's Museum (1995)	Drama	Set in the 1940s in Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, the film tells the story of a young girl living in a coal mining town where the death of men from accidents in "the pit" (the mines) has become almost routine. Margaret MacNeil has already lost her father and an older brother and for her, life alone would be preferable to marrying a mine worker—that is until the charming Neil Currie shows up. Against the wishes of her hard-bitten mother they marry, but, before long, financial woes lead to his doing what every other uneducated young man does in the town: take a job underground. His death in the mine, along with her younger brother, drives Margaret to a mental breakdown and, in her surreal world, she decides to create a "special" museum to the memories of all those who have died as a result of the horrific mining conditions.
1467	Saint of Fort Washington, The (1993)	Drama	Matthew is a young man with a good heart but suffers from sporadic schizophrenic tendencies. He ends up with nowhere to live after a slumlord tears down his tenement. Matthew is forced to reside at Fort Washington Armory, a nearby shelter. Bullied by punks, he turns to a homeless military veteran, Jerry, for help on how to survive. Together they form a friendship that changes both of their lives forever.
1468	Cure, The (1995)	Drama	Erik is a thirteen-year-old loner who has just moved to a small town in Stillwater, Minnesota. Accompanying Erik is his newly divorced, emotionally abusive and neglectful workaholic mother, Gail. Erik and his eleven-year-old neighbor Dexter, who contracted HIV through a blood transfusion, become good friends despite initial mutual dislike and their differences, as Erik seeks the familial relationships he grew up without in Dexter and his mother Linda. Erik hides the friendship from his mother, knowing that she won't approve due to her own prejudice regarding AIDS.Gail discovers the friendship one night after Linda comes over to ask Erik about something Dexter ate in the boys' quest to find a natural cure for his disease. She furiously warns Linda to keep Dexter away, but Linda encourages the friendship. When the boys read an article in a tabloid about a doctor in distant New Orleans who claims to have found a cure for AIDS, they set out on their own down the Mississippi River with the hope of finding a means of saving Dexter's life.The boys take a boat down the river with a bunch of degenerates who don't treat the pair very well. Eventually the boys steal their money and try to hitchhike the rest of the way. When the boatmen find out their money has been stolen, they locate the kids at a bus station and proceed to chase them until they reach a dead end of a dilapidated building. Erik draws a switchblade and one of the men draws a knife. Dexter suddenly grabs the knife from Erik and cuts his own hand. He threatens the boatman with his blood, saying that he has AIDS and could easily transfer the disease to him through the man's open wounds. This scares the men off. Dexter then realizes what he has done by directly exposing his blood to the outside environment. He suddenly feels sick, so Erik escorts him back to the bus station. Realizing that their journey must end if Dexter is to be treated, Erik resorts to calling Linda to have her pick the boys up when they reach Stillwater by bus.Once they return, Dexter spends the rest of his time in the hospital. As his relationship with his mother has grown increasingly strained, Erik goes to stay with Linda who lets him visit Dexter. The boys joke and prank the doctors three times that Dexter has died, but when a third doctor arrives to check on him, Dexter has died for real. While driving Erik home, Linda notices a mother holding her young child while crossing the street. Reminded of her own son, she pulls over and breaks down crying. Erik apologizes to her, saying that he should have tried harder to find a cure. Linda, taken aback by his comment, embraces Erik, explaining that he was the happiest thing in Dexter's difficult life. Upon their arrival at home, a furious Gail confronts the pair. When Gail starts to hit Erik, Linda quickly intervenes, angrily and tearfully informs her of Dexter's death, and demands that she allow Erik to attend the funeral and never hit him again and threatens to kill her. Gail guiltily complies.At Dexter's funeral, Erik places one of his shoes in the coffin and takes one of Dexter's to let sail down the river. This pays homage to an earlier moment in their trip when Dexter, who was having nightmares, was given one of Erik's sneakers to hold as a reminder that he's always by his side.
1469	Tom and Huck (1995)	Adventure, Children's	One dark stormy night, Native American Injun Joe goes to meet Dr. Jonas Robinson for some criminal activity. Meanwhile, a boy named Tom Sawyer runs away from home with his friends to work on steamboats. This ultimately fails as their raft collides on a rock in the Mississippi River, throwing Tom into the water. His friends find him washed up on the shore, and Tom finds it was Huckleberry "Huck" Finn who carried him to safety. Tom later meets Huck discovering an unusual way to remove warts - by taking a dead cat to the graveyard at night. There, they witness Injun Joe and Muff Potter, the town drunk, digging up the grave of Vic "One-Eyed" Murrell for Robinson. A treasure map is discovered and Robinson assaults Muff and Injun Joe in an attempt to take it for himself. He manages to knock out Muff, but Injun Joe fights back by fatally stabbing Doc with Muff's knife.The next morning, Muff is charged for the murder. Tom and Huck had signed an oath saying that if either of them came forward about it, they would drop dead and rot. The boys embark on a search for the treasure map Injun Joe has, so they can declare Muff innocent while preserving their oath. Eventually, however, Injun Joe finds the lost treasure and asks his partner to hide it in a cave before burning the map. With the only evidence to prove Muff's innocence destroyed, Tom and Huck's friendship starts to decline, and Huck eventually leaves Hannibal. Injun Joe then discovers that Tom was a witness to the crime. He finds Tom and threatens he will kill him if he ever tells anyone about the murder.At Muff’s trial, Tom decides that his friendship with Muff is more important than his oath with Huck and exposes the truth. Injun Joe unsuccessfully attempts to kill Tom before leaving Hannibal. The townspeople declare Tom as a hero for his bravery and plans to throw a festival to commemorate the occasion. Knowing that Injun Joe wants him dead, Tom decides not to attend. Huck later sneaks into Tom's bedroom one night, criticizing Tom for breaking their oath before leaving town again.The next day during the festival, a group of children, including Tom and his love interest Becky Thatcher, enter the caves, where Tom and Becky become lost. Meanwhile, the judge is alerted by the sheriff that Injun Joe ended up killing his partner. Huck, who secretly attends the festival, overhears all this and goes after Tom. Tom and Becky eventually stumble upon Injun Joe in McDougal's Cave. He traps them, but Tom and Becky manage to escape. Tom and Becky later discover the spot where Injun Joe hid his treasure. Tom then finds an opening in the cave and asks Becky to get her father.Injun Joe ultimately finds Tom and attempts to kill him before Huck suddenly shows up. After a brief struggle, Injun Joe easily overpowers Huck. Just as he is about to land a finishing blow, Tom quietly empties the contents from the treasure chest and threatens him by throwing the treasure chest over a chasm. He then tries to get the chest from Tom, only to fall into the chasm to his death. The boys reconcile as they claim Injun Joe's treasure and are declared heroes by the people. Tom is praised on the front page of the newspaper, and Widow Douglas adopts Huck.
1470	Gumby: The Movie (1995)	Animation, Children's	When the Blockheads' E-Z Loan company threatens to take away the farms belonging to the small farmers due to being unable to make their loan payments, Gumby and his band The Clayboys decide to have a benefit concert to save the farms. However, the evil Blockheads find out that Gumby's dog, Lowbelly, cries pearls when he sees The Clayboys perform. The Blockheads decide to kidnap Lowbelly and force him to cry pearls (initially unaware that Lowbelly is only crying whenever Gumby changes shapes). After discovering that they need Gumby to extract the pearls, they kidnap Gumby and the Clayboys in order to create robotic clones of them.With the help of Pokey, Prickle, Goo, fans Tara and Ginger, and talent agent Lucky Claybert, as well as his father, Gumbo and his pet bee, Groobee, Gumby takes on his robot clone and is still in time for his videotaping session in agreement with Claybert. At a picnic, Gumby announces that he is opening his own farm-centered loan company that will give reasonable loans for its customers, with the help from Claybert. To punish them for their evil deeds, the Blockheads are forced to weed Gumby's garden. After the successful concert, Gumby and Pokey head back to outer-space feeling triumphant knowing that their efforts have saved the farms.
1471	Hideaway (1995)	Thriller	After killing his mother and sister and ritualistically arranging their bodies as a sacrifice to Satan, a Devil worshiper recites the Lords Prayer backwards as it is written on the wall in a room filled with candles and Satanic imagery. He then commits suicide by throwing himself onto an athame in an attempt to ensure that he is eternally damned. What follows next is a near-death experience where the clinically dead killer flies through tunnels of light, eventually arriving at a gaping, tentacle-like being of light who, after flashing through scenes of the recent brutal murders, darkens and casts the killer's soul down into Hell.Meanwhile, antiques dealer Hatch Harrison is driving home from his family's lakeside cabin with his wife Lindsey and daughter Regina. They collide with a truck and, after Regina manages to escape, the car plummets down a ravine into a fast-flowing river. Hatch is believed dead.At the hospital, Hatch is revived by Dr. Jonas Nyebern, who runs a specialist resuscitation team. During the procedure, a nurse warns Dr. Nyebern about bringing back a patient who has been gone for so long, saying "We both remember what happened last time." While he is on the operating table, Hatch experiences visions of the same tunnels of light as the killer, but upon arriving for judgment is slowly floated into a surreal heavenly scene, where he sees his young daughter Samantha who died years earlier. Hatch then enters Heaven and is merged into the light of a great angel until he is revived.Hatch begins to experience disturbing visions while he sleeps which involve him seemingly murdering young women, when in fact he is actually seeing through the eyes of the real killer. As the killer looks down at his young blonde victim dead in shrubs at the side of a road, Hatch sees the same vision; in his vision the young blonde woman becomes his daughter Regina. The killer, who can also see through the eyes of Hatch, sees Regina.Hatch realizes that the murders are actually happening when the women he sees in his visions are announced as missing in news reports. Regina sneaks out of the house to meet some friends and they go to a dingy alternative night club, where the killer also happens to be. He recognizes Regina from his vision and introduces himself as "Vassago". Regina's friends interrupt and tell Vassago to leave them alone. Hatch, asleep at home, sees all this happening in his visions.The next day, Hatch accuses Regina of being at the night club, which she denies. Hatch scares Regina as he attempts to warn her about Vassago. He is told that he is experiencing mental problems by his family, his psychiatrist, and the police. He visits a psychic who confirms his beliefs and tells him that he is tied to Vassago by a "coincidence of fate", and that Vassago is also seeing through Hatch's eyes. Vassago sees this and then visits the psychic at her home and kills her.Hatch discovers that Vassago's real name is Jeremy Nyebern, and is the son of Dr. Nyebern. He confronts Dr. Nyebern, who explains that Jeremy is psychotic and that after murdering his mother and sister and attempting suicide, was revived by his resuscitation team. Jeremy kidnaps Regina and takes her to his hideaway beneath an abandoned amusement park where he has been building a "monument to hell". He ties Regina up at the top.Dr. Nyebern finds Jeremy and tries to talk him down, but Jeremy kills him. Hatch and Lindsey find them, and a fight ensues between Hatch and Jeremy. The demonic soul within Jeremy emerges and calls itself Vassago while Hatch watches. An angelic spirit resembling Hatch's daughter Samantha then emerges from him and collides with Vassago in a battle of good vs evil. Hatch manages to kill an attacking Jeremy while the spirit kills Vassago. With his family safe, he exits the park with them.A post-credits scene shows Jeremy being pulled in to be revived. Jeremy wakes up, reaches for a scalpel on the medical table, and slits a nurse's throat. Hatch wakes up in his bed, realizing he was only dreaming. Hatch and Lindsey laugh and go back to sleep.
1472	Visitors, The (Visiteurs, Les) (1993)	Comedy, Sci-Fi	In the year 1123, King Louis VI, known also as Louis the Fat, is on a romantic escapade with the niece of the King of England. One of his vassals, Count Godefroy de Montmirail, nicknamed "the Bold", guards their meeting place. Having to flee from incoming enemy troops, Louis VI finds himself faced with an English soldier who seeks to capture him. The Count then saves his king's life by killing the English soldier. As a reward, Godefroy is promised to be married to his long-time beloved, Frénégonde de Pouilles, the daughter of Duke Fulbert de Pouilles. The Count sets out towards his castle where the wedding is set to take place. He is accompanied by his men and his faithful squire, Jacquouille la Fripouille. Along the way, they capture a witch living in a forest. They imprison her in a cage with the aim of bringing her to the inquisition afterwards.Arriving near the castle, Godefroy changes outfits to present himself to his newly betrothed Frénégonde. Frénégonde is informed of the arrival of Godefroy and runs out of the castle to join him, pursued by her father who tries to restrain her eagerness. Taking advantage of a moment of inattention on the part of her jailers, the witch pours a potion into Godefroy's gourd, which Godefroy drinks shortly afterwards. He starts seeing hallucinations: he sees the castle distorting and his men with animal faces. When Godefroy sees his bride running across the fields, the potion makes him believe she is being chased by a bear, when it is in fact her father the Duke de Pouilles who is running behind her. Godefroy grabs his crossbow to protect Frénégonde and he kills his future father-in-law with a crossbow bolt to the head.While the occupants of the castle gather in a chapel near the remains of the Duke, Frénégonde takes an oath to retire to a convent for the rest of her life: she says she cannot marry the man who killed her father. Jacquouille, who was busy keeping the flies away from the dead body, takes advantage of everyone else's departure to steal the Duke's heavy gold necklace, set with precious stones. He hides it behind the office in the hollow head of a statue.Godefroy travels to the mage Eusæbius, a man versed in the magic of time, in order to repair his mistake and ensure he can create a lasting lineage with Frénégonde. The mage concocts a potion for Godefroy to send him back to the past shortly before the accident. The Count makes Jacquouille taste the potion, to make sure it is not poisoned, then drinks it himself. Eusæbius recites the magic formula and Godefroy and Jacquouille disappear together. The first is transformed into a crystal statue, the second into a pile of excrement. The mage then realizes that he has forgotten the quail eggs in the potion, an essential ingredient, and declares in alarm that "it's a catastrophe".Jacquouille and Godefroy wake up in a wood that they do not recognize as the woods of Montmirail. While Godefroy finds trash in a pond, Jacquouille goes further and discovers an asphalt road. A Renault 4 car belonging to the French postal service arrives and brakes suddenly in front of Jacquouille, who is stunned when he sees the machine. The squire begins to hit the car and the postman, who is Black, gets out of the vehicle to complain. Jacquouille, frightened, runs back to the woods to warn his master of the presence of a "Saracen". While the postman is putting the sheet metal of his car back in place, he sees the two medieval men approaching him, with a menacing look. Godefroy throws at the car and the postman runs away while the two travelers conscientiously destroy the vehicle.As Godefroy finds and rides a horse, followed by his squire, they steal food from a restaurant. They meet Ginette Sarcley, an eccentric homeless person who lives nearby. She receives a few coins in exchange for her leaving them. Not understanding their attire or their actions, she thinks they are in the "show business" and starts singing. After a scuffle with the restaurant manager who threatens them with a gun, Godefroy flees on horseback and loses sight of Jacquouille who leaves with Ginette in the opposite direction.The Count feels lost in this new place, he recognizes nothing of his world as he rides across the fields. He enters a church with his horse, throws himself to the ground, and begs for asylum from the stunned priest. The priest contacts a woman from his parish, Béatrice de Montmirail, an upper-class mother, and informs her that a man claiming to be the Count de Montmirail and displaying his family's coat of arms on his tunic is with him at the office. Godefroy discovers with amazement, thanks to a calendar on the wall, that it is the year 1992.When Béatrice introduces herself to him, he initially mistakes her for his betrothed, Frénégonde, before realizing that she is in reality his direct descendant. Béatrice does not take his claims that he comes from the 12th century seriously and calls the police on him. A fight occurs with the police and the doctor who has come to treat him. After throwing the doctor out the window, Godefroy goes outside, ready to face an entire squadron of riot police. While being attacked the Count will make Béatrice think twice about who he is by saying "Montjoie! St Denis!", the battle cry of French knights and more importantly "May I die if I weaken!", the motto of the first Count Godefroy and his house. Béatrice starts doubting that Godefroy is not of her family. Godefroy is overpowered by the riot police and sent to the psychiatric hospital.Jacquouille, meanwhile, gets to know Ginette. She sees him as a man of the same condition as herself and speaks to him frankly. She misunderstands parts of what he tells her, but manages to understand that Godefroy is from the family of Béatrice de Montmirail. Ginette has already met the Countess, because she lives in the village next door. Together they go the Countess to talk about Godefroy, presented by Ginette as a "stuntman and wrestler". Béatrice misunderstands Godefroy's identity and believes that he is her cousin Hubert, another one of Godefroy's descendants and a rally driver who has been missing for several years. She thinks he came back with amnesia after an accident in Borneo. Béatrice realizes that she has sent a family member to the asylum by mistake. She goes there with her husband, Jean-Pierre, a dentist, to have him released. Béatrice takes the two time travelers to her home. They discover several novel elements of the modern world, causing various disasters such as the flooding of the living room. Godefroy is surprised that, as a Montmirail, she does not live in their ancestral castle. She tells him that the family has not lived at the castle for several years. The building was bought by Jacques-Henri Jacquart, a rich boy from the family of their former sharecroppers. Godefroy is appalled that a peasant now owns his castle. In the evening, Jacquart comes to visit them accompanied by Mr. Berney, president of a banking group who suffers from a toothache. While Jean-Pierre takes care of Mr. Berney, Jacquart, who turns out to be the direct descendant of Jacquouille, meets Godefroy and Jacquouille towards whom he expresses strong contempt. He is outraged that Béatrice mistakes him for Jacquouille's brother (to whom he closely resembles physically). Godefroy offers to buy the castle but Jacquart flatly refuses and leaves. During the night, Godefroy wakes up Béatrice and asks her to teach him the history of France since the reign of Louis the Fat. While she presents him with the Larousse encyclopedia (which Godefroy does not like because he is not mentioned anywhere), she notices on his hand a ring bearing the seal of the Count Godefroy. She therefore thinks that her cousin Hubert has stolen it from the castle. The next day, she leaves for Montmirail accompanied by Godefroy and Jacquouille to return the ring to Jacquart. During the journey, the Count maintains that this ring is his, but Beatrice retorts that there is only one and that she cannot be both with him and at the castle. At the same time, the modern version of the ring begins to heat up and sizzle in a window of the castle, disturbing President Berney's meeting in the room. The closer the car gets to the castle, the worse this situation gets, and it culminates in the flying of the two rings, one through the window of the castle, the other through the roof of the car, which meet in the sky, explode and fall on Jacquart's SUV.Godefroy asks the receptionist to show him the Count's room. He tells Béatrice of his desire to stay in the castle, because "a Montmirail stays in Montmirail". Béatrice is reluctant given the high cost of such a stay, but when Godefroy wants to pay Jacquart with his own old coins, she agrees to pay. Godefroy and his squire go to the Count's room where they dismiss the receptionist harshly. Godefroy finds in the chimney (the last vestige of the medieval castle) a secret mechanism revealing an underground passage. Jacquart, Béatrice, and the receptionist try to find them. All three enter the suite while the two travelers are hidden in the secret passage which has closed behind them. Godefroy and Jacquouille return to the room with a loud noise and covered in soot. They make up a story about having to climb the chimney to free a large tow stuck in the chimney. Béatrice realizes they are lying and demands an explanation. Godefroy replies that he is not cousin Hubert, but the Count himself, which Béatrice still refuses to believe. After asking Jacquouille to fetch him a torch to explore the place, Godefroy then shows Béatrice the underground. Since the place is very dark, she goes back to look for a torch. During this time, Jacquouille meets Mr. Berney's assistant, Fabienne Morlot, who still mistakes him for Jacquart's brother. He tells her about the tragic fate of his parents. Fabienne leaves and Jacquouille goes to the aid of Ginette, who is being kicked out by the butler of the castle. He ends up leaving her alone, thinking also that Jacquouille is the boss's brother. After breaking a piece of armor in the management office, Ginette and Jacquouille are chased by a dog that Jacquart, exasperated, has unleashed on them. They rush into the castle's chapel where Jacquouille finds the duke's necklace that he had hidden in 1123. To escape, they manage to trap the dog by trapping it in a large bag in the chapel.Béatrice returns with a lamp, she and Godefroy explore the underground network. They eventually find the enchanter's laboratory, but the grimoires present are moldy and unusable. Béatrice then notices a note telling Godefroy to contact a certain Ferdinand Eusebius, a medium who turns out to be a descendant of the mage. Ferdinand has made for Godefroy, from his ancestor's grimoires, the potion that would allow him to return to his time. He asks the Count to leave as quickly as possible with his squire, otherwise another future where Godefroy will have no descendants will replace the current future. Back at the castle, Godefroy receives a call from Jacquouille, then at the bowling alley with Ginette. He tells his master that he wants to marry her and stay in this era. Godefroy then scares Jacquouille by telling his squire that if they do not leave, their bodies will rot and decompose. In the end, Jacquouille decides to return to the castle. Godefroy returns to his room and finds Béatrice there, who was showing Jean-Pierre around the underground network. The Count dismisses them, but Jacquart, accompanied by the police marshal, arrives in the room to confront Godefroy. Godefroy force-feeds them sleeping pills and locks them underground in cages.At dinner, while Godefroy recounts his old exploits, Jacquouille returns to the castle with Ginette at the wheel of a Cadillac, and announces to his master that he can stay here, because he has found "the cure against rot": toothpaste. Infuriated, Godefroy grabs Jacquouille, takes him to the Count's room and orders him to accompany him. Jacquouille refuses, preferring to be a free man in 1992 than a squire enslaved to his master in 1123. While he hears complaints coming from the underground, Godefroy explains to him that he has imprisoned Jacquart there. Béatrice knocks on the door and asks for explanations. While Godefroy repeats to her that he is indeed the first Count, Jacquouille takes advantage of this interruption to go underground and fetch Jacquart, still groggy from sleeping pills, exchange his clothes with his own and place him in his place in the bedroom. Godefroy then makes Jacquart drink the potion before reciting the formula to bring him back to 1123. Béatrice, moved by meeting her ancestor, understands that Godefroy is indeed who he claims to be. Just as moved, Godefroy in turn drinks the potion and, after bidding farewell to his descendant, recites the formula. Jean-Pierre and the police then burst into the room. Jacquouille then appears, before disappearing. Béatrice then understands that the wrong person has been sent back in time.Godefroy is back in his time, a few moments before firing his crossbow. He remembers the enchanter's words and finds in himself enough willpower to deflect the shot. Godefroy concentrates, the bolt suddenly slows down and is redirected towards the witch. The Duke is saved and Godefroy happily finds Frénégonde, whom he can now marry. Jacquart wakes up stunned in the mud, surrounded by peasants and Godefroy's men, and, disoriented, runs after the man he still thinks is cousin Hubert, in desperation and confusion.
1473	Little Princess, The (1939)	Children's, Drama	Captain Crewe, called to fight in the Second Boer War, has to leave his daughter Sara (Shirley Temple) with her pony at Miss Minchin's School for Girls. With all the money Captain Crewe can offer, Miss Minchin gives Sara a fancy, private room.Although worried about her father, Sara is distracted by riding lessons. It is during these riding lessons that Sara helps contrive meetings between Miss Rose, her teacher and Mr. Geoffrey, the riding instructor, who is also the grandson of the mean-spirited next door neighbor, Lord Wickham. Mr. Geoffrey decides to volunteer to fight in the war and asks Miss Rose to marry him before leaving. Sara has him to tea before he ships out, using the excuse to convince Miss Minchin but she catches Geoffrey and Rose together, not allowing them to say a proper goodbye. Sara later hears news that Mafeking is free and expects her father will soon come home. Miss Minchin throws Sara a lavish birthday party on the request of her father. During the party, Captain Crewe's solicitor arrives with the sad news that Captain Crewe has died and his real estate, the basis for his wealth, has been confiscated. Miss Minchin ends Sara's party abruptly. Without her father's financial support, Sara becomes a servant, now working at the school she used to attend. Sara gains new solace in a friendship with Ram Dass, Lord Wickham's servant. She also receives support from Miss Minchin's brother Bertie, who does not agree with her treatment. Miss Minchin confiscates a letter from Mr. Geoffrey to Rose and fires her. She intervenes with Geoffrey's grandfather who vows to never speak to him again.In her new role, Sara gets hungrier and more tired from her arduous duties and sneaks off to veterans' hospitals, convinced her father is not dead. After a string of episodes, including a performance of the film's most well-known song "Knocked 'em in the Old Kent Road" with Bertie, Sara is at her wits end. Things start to worsen, when Sara gets into an argument with Miss Minchin, who cannot tolerate her faith in believing her father is still alive and tries forcing her to face reality. She is taunted by Lavinia the next day, eventually causing her to lose her temper and dump ashes on her. Miss Minchin arrives in the attic to punish Sara for "hurting" Lavinia. She discovers blankets, food and other items that Ram Dass and Lord Wickham left Sara, assumes they are stolen and locks her in the attic, calling the police. Sara escapes and runs to the hospital with Minchin in hot pursuit.Meanwhile, the hospital is preparing to transfer a newly arrived unknown patient, who is unable to communicate except to repeatedly say, "Sara, Sara"; it is Captain Crewe. Sara bursts in upon a visit by Queen Victoria, who grants her permission to search for her father. During her search, she is reunited with a wounded Mr. Geoffrey and Miss Rose. Hiding from Miss Minchin and the police, she happens upon her father in the waiting room. Initially he doesn't respond to her but her cries bring him out of his stupor.A staff member announces Sara has found her father and Miss Minchin exclaims: "Captain Crewe is alive?!" to which her brother retorts, "Of course he's alive! How could she find him if he wasn't alive?" The film ends with Sara helping her father stand as the Queen departs, smiling at Sara on the way out.
1474	Nina Takes a Lover (1994)	Comedy, Romance	Nina is being interviewed by a San Francisco Chronicle journalist doing a piece on marriage and infidelity. In flashbacks, she provides detailed accounts of an affair she had with a British photographer. Nina, who is starved for romance in her marriage, meets the photographer at a park when she sits next to him on a bench one day. While Nina's husband is away on a business trip for three weeks, Nina enters into an affair with the photographer, who is himself married. The journalist is also shown interviewing the photographer, who admits to his affair with Nina.At the same time of Nina's liaison, her best friend is having an affair with Paulie, the manager of a coffee shop. Nina allows the couple to rendezvous in her apartment, but she is accused of having an affair with Paulie after he steals a pair of Nina's underwear and leaves it on the seat of his car.Just as Nina's affair with the photographer blossoms into something more intense, she learns the photographer has been sleeping with other women. As she tells her story to the journalist, she reveals the photographer is actually her husband, and the "affair" was simply an attempt to spice up the marriage. The film ends with Nina and her husband's marriage on solid ground after their ruse.
1475	Bhaji on the Beach (1993)	Comedy, Drama	A community group of British women (mostly Punjabis of various faiths) of different generations take a group day out to the Blackpool Illuminations. The tensions of the generation gap torn between tradition and modernism as well as the personal upsets and issues of the women and girls come to boiling point as they spend the day out.Simi, the head of the group, has modern social beliefs about feminism that the older club women object to, however she manages to be the caring, in-control figure who holds the day together despite tensions. Ginder is escaping from her abusive criminal husband with her young son and fighting the stigma of being a single parent and her son's pleas to have both a mother and father again; unbeknownst to them is the fact that her husband and his brothers have tracked them to Blackpool. Two boy-crazy teenage girls meet with the disapproval of the conservative older ladies, and Simi after they meet up with a pair of American-themed burger bar employees after their shift ends. Hashida is a high flying student who is about to start medical school, yet would prefer to be studying painting. She has hidden her Afro-Caribbean boyfriend Oliver from her family for a year, but now she's pregnant by him and now they must decide about the child and their relationship, fearing that it would not stand the strain of social disapproval. Asha, a devout Hindu and Bollywood-cinema fan, is stuck with a humdrum life in her convenience shop and finds excitement and a sense of fulfilling missed opportunities in life with a charming, eccentric, artistic English actor in Blackpool, yet feels she must stay in her marriage; she experiences frequent Bollywood-themed hallucinations and day-dreams.In the end, most of the characters have their stories left open. We do not see what happens to Asha or Oliver and Hashida and the final scenes of these characters seem quite content but open-ended. Ginder and her son escape the violence of her husband after one of his brothers rebels against him, having been pulled away from his own wife and derided for his loving marriage, and the most conservative characters receive a humorous treatment in a strip club.
1476	Raw Deal (1948)	Film-Noir	Prison convict Joe Sullivan has "taken the fall" for an unspecified crime. His share for committing the crime was to be $50,000. Joe breaks out of jail with the help of his girl Pat. The escape has been facilitated by their former accomplice Rick Coyle, a sadistic mobster, who expects that Joe will be killed during his escape and so Rick wilĺ avoid having to pay Joe his $50,000. When, against all expectations, the breakout succeeds, Rick decides that he must have Joe killed.Pat and Joe's getaway car is damaged, and Joe decides that they will hide out in the apartment of his legal caseworker Ann. Ann had been visiting Joe in prison because she was trying to reform him and also because she was developing feelings for him. When the police close in on Ann's apartment she tries to convince Joe to give himself up. Instead Joe forces Ann to escape with him and Pat. Pat sees the attraction between Joe and Ann, and doesn't know what to do about it. Joe finds himself between two women who love him. The three of them continue to evade the police until Fantail, one of Rick's men, finds them. Fantail and Joe get into a fight, and Ann saves Joe by shooting Fantail in the back. After acting in Joe's defense this way, Ann realizes how much she is in love with him. Out of loyalty to Pat, Joe sets Ann free and prepares to flee the country with Pat. In Joe and Pat's hotel room, Pat takes a phone call warning them that Rick has seized Ann and will harm her unless Joe and Pat come out of hiding. Pat does not want Joe to go back to Ann, so she lies about the call, saying that it was from the hotel desk clerk asking about their checkout time.After they board a ship, Joe attempts to convince Pat that they can start a new life in South America together. He even proposes marriage to her. A guilt-stricken Pat now confesses to Joe that Ann has been abducted by Rick. Joe races to save Ann from her captor. Under the cover of a thick fog, Joe manages to get past Rick's henchmen and sneaks into Rick's room. A gunfight erupts, Rick and Joe shoot each other, and they inadvertently start a fire. Joe and Rick, both wounded, fight hand-to-hand, and then Joe pushes Rick through an upper-storey window to his death. Lying in the street, Joe dies in Ann's arms as Pat looks on. Seeing the resigned contentment in Joe's face, Pat comments in voice-over: "This is right for Joe. This is what he wanted."
1477	Nightwatch (1997)	Horror, Thriller	Law student Martin Bells is hired as a night watchman at a hospital morgue. A string of gruesome prostitute murders committed by a necrophiliac serial killer quickly point to him as the lead suspect in the investigation carried out by Inspector Thomas Cray. At the same time, Martin slowly discovers clues that point to the real perpetrator.
1478	Dead Presidents (1995)	Action, Crime, Drama	In 1968, Anthony Curtis, a soon-to-be high school graduate in The Bronx, chooses to enlist in the United States Marine Corps rather than go to college. He deploys to Vietnam, leaving behind his middle-class family, his girlfriend Juanita, and small-time crook Kirby, who is like a second father. Anthony's close friend, Skip, later joins Curtis' Recon squad after dropping out of Hunter College. His other friend, Jose, is drafted into the United States Army. Once in Vietnam, Curtis and his squad lose several fellow Marines during combat, and commit several atrocities of their own, such as executing enemy prisoners and beheading Viet Cong corpses for war trophies.When Anthony returns to the Bronx in 1973, he finds returning to "normal" life impossible. Skip is now an Agent Orange victim and heroin addict; Jose, forced to wear a prosthetic hand, is a pyromaniac who works as a postman at the James A. Farley Building, and Cleon, the squad's religious but homicidal staff sergeant, is now a devoted minister in Mount Vernon.After being laid off from his job at a butcher shop, on the verge of alcoholism, and suffering from heavily induced PTSD nightmares, Anthony finds himself unable to support Juanita (who is having an affair with a pimp) or his infant daughter. After an argument with Juanita, Anthony meets her sister, Delilah, who is now a member of the "Nat Turner Cadre", a militant Black power Marxist group. Anthony, Kirby, Skip, Jose, Delilah and Cleon devise a plan to rob an armored car making a stop at the Noble Street Federal Reserve Bank.The next day, the group strategically position themselves around the street, armed with weapons and disguised with face paint, ready to ambush the truck. The plan goes awry when Cleon is approached by a New York Police Department (NYPD) officer who unknowingly stumbles upon the robbery, leading to Kirby being shot in the arm and Skip killing the officer. At the same time, Anthony and Jose are spotted by the truck's driver, causing a shootout with the security guards.Jose plants an explosive device on the escaping truck to blow off the door, but instead it destroys the entire vehicle. Delilah saves Anthony's life by killing one of the guards. A second guard appears and shoots Delilah multiple times, killing her. As the group collects what cash they can from the burning wreckage, they flee and split up to escape the police. Jose gets cornered in an alley by an approaching police car. When he shoots the officer, he is hit by the car and killed as the car crashes into a wall.Not long after the heist, Kirby hears that Cleon has been giving out $100 bills and purchased a new Cadillac. Anthony drives over to Cleon's church to speak to him, only to find him being led out the front door in handcuffs by two detectives. Cleon gives up the other robbers as part of a plea bargain. NYPD officers storm Skip's apartment to arrest him, but find him dead from a heroin overdose. As Kirby and Anthony prepare to flee to Mexico, police raid the bar. Kirby tries to fight the officers to allow Anthony to flee, but it is to no avail, as multiple officers corner and arrest Anthony.In court, Anthony's lawyer pleads for a fair sentence, noting that he served his country in the Marines and earned a Silver Star. Anthony also pleas for leniency, expressing remorse for the deaths of those involved, and that he did what he did out of desperation and hardship.  However the judge, a Marine and Battle of Guadalcanal veteran, proclaims that Anthony has forgotten his values and shouldn't use the Vietnam War as an excuse for his actions, sentencing him to fifteen years to life. Anthony, furious at his sentence, throws a chair at the judge before being escorted away by bailiffs. The final scene shows Anthony looking out the window of his prison bus.
1479	Reckless (1995)	Comedy	 Relentlessly cheerful and hopelessly optimistic Rachel's seemingly perfect life is upended one Christmas Eve when her husband Tom announces he has taken a contract out on her life but is having second thoughts about his decision to do so. Wearing only a nightgown and slippers, she hastily leaves her Connecticut home in a blizzard to escape the fate he planned for her. She is rescued by Springfield, Massachusetts social worker Lloyd, who brings her home to his deaf, mute, paraplegic wife Pooty. Rachel moves in with the couple and begins working with Lloyd at Hands Across the Sea, a charitable organization dedicated to helping the disabled.Eventually Rachel discovers both Lloyd and Pooty harbor secrets, his about a family he destroyed and abandoned, hers concerning a deception that has guaranteed her a life of ease and comfort. The trio's tranquil existence dissolves the following Christmas, and Rachel and Lloyd find themselves on a cross-country odyssey that takes them through numerous towns named Springfield, dogged by disaster. Lloyd's kindly facade shatters, and Rachel encounters a number of odd characters, including a less-than-helpful therapist and Tim Timko, the host of a television game show. Finally, having lost the power of speech, she finds herself in a homeless shelter run by Sister Margaret, who has her own share of dark secrets.Several years later she has a job as a therapist. Her son comes to her asking for sleeping pills due to it being Christmas. He mentions how she looks like his mom, but she denies it. She gives him talk therapy insteadof the annual pills.
1480	Herbie Rides Again (1974)	Adventure, Children's, Comedy	Notorious real estate magnate and demolition baron Alonzo A. Hawk is ready to build his newest office building, the 130-story Hawk Plaza in San Francisco. His only obstacle is the 1892 firehouse which is the only building on the site still standing and is inhabited by Mrs. Steinmetz, widow of its former owner, Fire Captain Steinmetz, and aunt of mechanic Tennessee Steinmetz. Hawk's numerous attempts at evicting Mrs. Steinmetz have been unsuccessful, and his construction workers are growing impatient. Hawk sends his lawyer nephew Willoughby Whitfield to Mrs. Steinmetz.Mrs. Steinmetz takes a liking to Willoughby due to his youthful looks and good manners. She introduces him to Herbie the Love Bug, as well as Old No. 22, a sentient retired cable car. Her neighbor Nicole, who was taken in by Mrs. Steinmetz after her apartment was demolished by Hawk, punches Willoughby in the face when she learns that he works for Hawk, but tries to make it up to him by offering him a ride in Herbie. Herbie goes berserk after Willoughby insults him twice, eventually taking the two to a car version of a joust tournament, which Herbie wins.Later at a restaurant on Fisherman's Wharf, Nicole shocks Willoughby by telling him all the horrible things Hawk has done. Willoughby is upset about this and accidentally reveals that Hawk is his uncle; an enraged Nicole hits him with a boiled lobster in response, sending him splashing into the water below. He decides to sever all ties with Hawk and initially tries to go home in disguise, but is convinced by a remorseful Nicole to stay after she overhears him criticize his uncle while talking on the phone.Meanwhile, Hawk decides to take it upon himself to drive Mrs. Steinmetz out, starting with stealing Herbie. Hawk is initially successful with his hotwiring skill, but also insults Herbie, who retaliates by causing a series of traffic collisions, and discards Hawk at his own office door. Later, while Herbie takes Mrs. Steinmetz to market, they are chased by Hawk's men; Herbie makes several daring escapes, culminating in traveling along a suspension cable on the Golden Gate Bridge, with Mrs. Steinmetz oblivious throughout.Mrs. Steinmetz suggests to Herbie that he drive Nicole and Willoughby to the beach. Willoughby and Nicole enjoy a romantic moment at the beach and begin to fall in love, but Hawk's chauffeur, spying on them, bribes a man to block the only road out, prompting Herbie to surf through the coastal bay to find an alternate route.When they return to the firehouse after dark, every item of furniture has been removed by Hawk. The group tracks the theft to Hawk's warehouse, where they break in and recover Mrs. Steinmetz's belongings, loaded into Old No. 22. Hawk's security guards catch them in the act, but Herbie evades them. On the way home, Herbie and Old No. 22 are pursued by Hawk, and Mrs. Steinmetz meets and becomes enamored with an inebriated old-timer named Judson, who resembles her late husband.The next morning, Mrs. Steinmetz decides to confront Hawk herself. Accompanied by Willoughby, Mrs. Steinmetz drives Herbie onto the window-cleaning machine of Hawk's skyscraper to reach his office, where they overhear Hawk on the phone with demolition agent Loostgarten discussing a deal to demolish the firehouse. In response, she activates the window cleaning machine, filling the office with soap and water. Herbie drives in and chases Hawk around the office, then outside onto a ledge of the building, until Mrs. Steinmetz calms him down by threatening to sell him to a used car lot.Disguising his voice to resemble his uncle's, Willoughby calls Loostgarten and misdirects him to demolish Hawk's own house. Late that evening, Loostgarten telephones Hawk to confirm the demolition, waking Hawk from a nightmare of being at Herbie's mercy; Hawk gives confirmation, but realizes too late that he has condemned his own residence, and angrily chases after Loostgarten after a portion of his house is demolished.Hawk fakes a truce with Mrs. Steinmetz; thinking him to be sincere, Willoughby and Nicole go for dinner, while Mrs. Steinmetz invites Judson to the firehouse for a date of their own. However, Hawk arrives with heavy equipment to demolish the firehouse, prompting Herbie to go in search of Nicole and Willoughby. In the absence of Herbie, the only means of defense is an antique fire hose, which Judson uses against Hawk's men until it bursts.With Nicole and Willoughby on board, Herbie rounds up an army of other sentient Volkswagen Beetles from around the city, and they chase after Hawk and his men, taking advantage of Hawk's irrational fear of Herbie and causing his men to flee. Hawk is arrested after nearly getting knocked down by a police car. Willoughby and Nicole get married, and ride Herbie through an arch formed by his Volkswagen Beetle friends.
1481	S.F.W. (1994)	Drama	Cliff Spab and his friend Joe Dice go out one evening to buy beer from a convenience store, where a group of armed, masked terrorists take them and three other people hostage. The terrorists, who call themselves S.P.L.I.T. Image, have a video camera with which they tape their hostages' every word and action. S.P.L.I.T. Image's only demand is that their broadcasts be televised live on worldwide television, or else the hostages will be killed. The terrorists make good on the said threat by killing two hostages. Cliff, Joe, and teenager Wendy Pfister are the only surviving captives. Cliff eventually becomes indifferent to being killed. While being filmed, he demonstrates his new-found nihilistic world-view in an improvised monologue in which he repeatedly asks, "So Fucking What?". The coverage of this makes Cliff a media icon.After 36 days of captivity, Joe manages to kill one of the terrorists. In the ensuing shoot out, Cliff shoots his way to freedom, taking a bullet in the shoulder while Joe is killed. Despite Joe's demise, Cliff is branded a hero for saving Wendy and killing the terrorists. He is picked up from the hospital by his brother Scott. He is welcomed awkwardly by his domineering father and weak-willed mother.Back on the street, Cliff finds his life changed forever by the convenience store incident. His line – abbreviated as S.F.W. – is on banners, newspapers, CDs, and billboard advertisements. At Burger Boy, the fast-food restaurant where he works, Cliff finds his name and image posted alongside a "Special $.36 Spaburger" (named after him), being marketed in commemoration of his 36 days in captivity.Cliff visits Joe's older sister Monica. She resents the media idolization directed at Cliff, while Joe has gotten neither sympathy nor attention. Cliff eventually has sex with Monica. The following morning, Cliff, who is disenchanted with the reporters camped on his front lawn, moves out. He visits another friend, Morrow Streeter, who lets Cliff hide out at the elegant home of his lawyer sister Janet. She advises Cliff to exploit his notoriety for personal gain. Lacking in any sense of purpose, Cliff hitchhikes out of town. He gets a ride with a couple, who idolize him. Cliff eventually stops fleeing from the journalists following him; he hosts a videoclip show, holds press conferences and makes public appearances.More than anything, Cliff aspires to reunite with Wendy, but her parents will not let him. Wendy eventually visits him. They evade the media and revisit the convenience store, which has been closed down and boarded up as a crime scene. Wendy tells Cliff that it might be turned into a memorial park. The two later have sex.Days later, Cliff and Wendy make a public appearance at a high school. They receive a standing ovation from a crowd of adoring students, who chant "So Fucking What!" One student, Barbara "Babs" Wyler, does not join in the cheering. After sitting in angry silence, Babs takes a gun from her book bag and stands up. With a yell of "Everything matters!" she fires on Cliff and Wendy, seriously wounding them both. Media attention switches to Babs as she is arrested, booked, and indicted for attempted murder. Her line of "Everything matters" becomes the new public catchphrase, replacing Cliff's "S.F.W.". It represents a less-disaffected philosophy than the one Cliff supposedly believes in, but it  becomes equally popular. Reporters and other media people cannot stop talking about Babs' actions. Sharing their own hospital ward, the recovering Cliff and Wendy decide to get married.
1482	Gate of Heavenly Peace, The (1995)	Documentary	The Gate of Heavenly Peace is a three-hour documentary film about the 1989 protests at Tiananmen Square, which culminated in the violent government crackdown on June 4. The film uses archival footage and contemporary interviews with a wide range of Chinese citizens, including workers, students, intellectuals, and government officials, to revisit the events of "Beijing Spring." From the beginning of the protests in mid-April to the night of June 3–4, the film provides a "meticulous day-by-day chronicle of the six-week period... This unglamorous but absorbing film interweaves videotaped scenes of the demonstrations and conversations with leaders and participants with an explanatory narration into an account that is as clear-headed as it is thorough and well-organized." Among those interviewed are Liu Xiaobo, Wang Dan, Wuer Kaixi, Han Dongfang, Ding Zilin, Chai Ling, Dai Qing, Feng Congde, and Hou Dejian. In addition, The Gate of Heavenly Peace examines the deeper history behind the demonstrations, providing historical and cultural context for the famous images that the Western media flashed around the world. The film explores the symbolic importance of Tiananmen Square and also looks at earlier political movements in China from the May Fourth Movement of 1919 to the Cultural Revolution of 1966–76 to the Tiananmen Incident of 1976. In so doing, the film considers the ways in which the political habits and attitudes that came to inform public life in China over the past century also shaped the events of 1989. Pauline Chen writes: "The Gate of Heavenly Peace illuminates how images of these movements, filtered and refracted through propaganda, emotion, and imperfect memory, provided inspiration and models for the participants, both students and government, in the 1989 events. The students thought they were emulating the May 4 leaders, forgetting that those students returned to school and worked for more gradual social change after successfully drawing attention to China's political and social problems. To some Communist Party members, however, the 1989 mass student demonstrations may have chillingly recalled the chaos and terror of the Cultural Revolution. Both the Cultural Revolution and the 1976 Tiananmen Incident attest to how extremists have used popular uprisings as excuses to get rid of their moderate rivals; the 'reactionary' Deng Xiaoping, who favored greater economic freedom, was blamed by Mao for the 1976 Tiananmen Incident and forced from his position. Unfortunately, today's hard-liners have also learned the lesson from these events. The moderate reformers Zhao Ziyang and Yan Mingfu, China's best hope for democratic reform, were ousted from power following the June 4 crisis."
1483	Man in the Iron Mask, The (1998)	Action, Drama, Romance	The Kingdom of France faces bankruptcy from King Louis XIV's wars against the Dutch. As the country moves toward revolution, King Louis prepares for war and orders that rotten food be distributed to save money, all the while a renegade faction of the Jesuit Order attempts to assassinate Louis for starving France's citizens. Louis instructs former Musketeer Aramis to find and kill the Jesuit leader, whose identity is unknown. At a palace festival, Louis sets his eyes on Christine Bellefort, the fiancée of Raoul, who is the son of former Musketeer Athos and attempts to seduce her. D'Artagnan, captain of the king's guard, foils an assassination attempt on Louis by a disguised Jesuit during this. Louis plots to send Raoul to the battlefront, where he is killed soon after. Aware that Louis orchestrated his son's death, Athos renounces his allegiance to the king. Aramis summons Athos and D'Artagnan, along with former Musketeer Porthos, for a secret meeting in which he reveals that he is himself the Jesuits' secret leader and has a plan to depose Louis. Athos and Porthos agree to join him, but D'Artagnan refuses. Athos brands him a traitor and threatens him with death should they ever meet again. However, D'Artagnan does not disclose his secret meeting to Louis. Meanwhile, Louis seduces Christine, who eventually begins to suspect his part in Raoul's death.Athos, Porthos, and Aramis infiltrate the Île Sainte-Marguerite prison and free a prisoner wearing an iron mask, taking him to the countryside. There, Aramis introduces him as Philippe, Louis' identical twin brother. Their mother, Queen Anne, gave birth to identical twins. Louis XIII, to avoid dynastic warfare between his sons, ordered that Philippe be raised in the country with no knowledge of his true identity. While dying, Louis XIII revealed Philippe's existence to Anne and Louis XIV. Anne wanted to restore Philippe's birthright, but Louis, fearful of losing his throne, forced Aramis to seal Philippe in the iron mask and imprison him for life. Aramis wishes to redeem himself and save France by replacing Louis with the more benevolent Philippe. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis tutor Philippe in courtly life and how to behave like Louis.At a masquerade ball, the trio lures Louis to his quarters and subdues him. They dress Philippe in Louis's clothes and return him to the festivities while taking Louis to a waiting boat in the dungeons. D'Artagnan, grew suspicious when Philippe rushed to help a lady who stumbled while dancing, a behavior in stark contrast of Louis' arrogant nature. He finally sees through the ruse after Christine accuses Philippe publicly and he fails to dismiss her in Louis's manner. He and his men intercept Athos, Porthos, and Aramis before they can escape with Louis. The king is rescued as the trio gets away, but Philippe is captured. D'Artagnan, upon learning Philippe's true identity, begs Louis to spare his brother. Louis, knowing that Philippe's worst fear is to be put back into the iron mask, does so and sends him to the Bastille. Christine then hangs herself, to which Louis shows no grief or remorse.D'Artagnan summons Athos, Porthos and Aramis to help rescue Philippe from the Bastille. Louis, suspecting an attempt, ambushes them at the prison. Louis offers D'Artagnan clemency in exchange for his surrender. D'Artagnan refuses, privately telling his comrades that he is Louis and Philippe's biological father from his affair with Anne, and that was the reason for his unquestioned loyalty. While charging at Louis and his men, they are fired upon; their bravery compels the soldiers to deliberately miss. Louis attempts to stab Philippe, but D'Artagnan shields him and is fatally wounded. Philippe nearly strangles Louis to death, but D'Artagnan's dying words halt him. Lieutenant André, angered by D'Artagnan's death, swears his men to secrecy and sides with Philippe. They switch the twins again, and Philippe orders Louis locked away. He then names Athos, Porthos, and Aramis as his closest advisors.Philippe ascends to the throne under Louis' identity, with the substitution remaining unknown to the public. After a small graveside service for D'Artagnan, Philippe issues Louis a royal pardon and permits him to live out the remainder of his life in peace and seclusion. Philippe ultimately becomes one of France's greatest kings.
1484	Jerky Boys, The (1994)	Action, Comedy	Jerky Boys 2 is the second comedy album released by prank call artists, the Jerky Boys. The album was released on August 16, 1994, and was the final Jerky Boys album released on the Select Records label, distributed by Atlantic Records. Like their debut album, it also went Platinum. This album was also nominated for a Grammy Award at the 1995's Grammy's for Best Comedy Album, but lost to Sam Kinison's Live From Hell.
1485	Colonel Chabert, Le (1994)	Drama, Romance, War	In Paris, in February 1817, three years after the fall of the Empire, the lawyer Derville receives a visit from a shabbily dressed man. He claims to be Colonel Chabert, believed dead at the Battle of Eylau in 1807. He had contributed to the victory by leading a famous cavalry charge against the Russians. The man tells how, waking in a mass grave surrounded by corpses, he survived his wounds. He has returned ten years later and wishes to claim his title, to assert his rights and to live again with his wife, who has greatly increased the fortune she inherited from him. She, during his absence, has married Count Ferraud and had children. She refuses to recognise her first husband. Derville agrees to help the colonel by proposing a settlement in which she will make a large settlement on Chabert if he agrees to divorce her and give up his claims. She refuses the proposed terms and tries to manipulate her ex-husband, asking him to declare his claim is fraudulent. Chabert, disgusted by her deceitfulness and the idea of him renouncing his name, abandons his claim. Colonel Chabert finishes his life penniless and in an asylum, reminiscing on his last battle.
1486	Girl in the Cadillac (1995)	Drama	A woman called Mandy runs away from her home. At a bus station she meets Rick, who takes her with him to a rendezvous with a pair of bank robbers. After listening to their plan, Mandy agrees to drive the getaway car for $5,000, when they convince her everything will go smoothly. However, the robbery goes awry resulting in several bank employees killed, and Mandy flees with Rick and $75,000. As a result, she is chased by the police and the other two robbers. During their escape, Mandy and Rick buy a red Cadillac convertible. Ultimately, she decides she wants to give the money back, but Rick disagrees.
1487	Even Cowgirls Get the Blues (1993)	Comedy, Romance	Sissy Hankshaw is a woman born with a mutation (she would not call it a defect) giving her enormously large thumbs. Sissy makes the most of her thumbs by becoming a hitchhiker. Her travels eventually take her to New York City, where she becomes a model for a homosexual feminine hygiene products mogul, known as "The Countess". A few years later, he introduces her to his "beauty ranch", the Rubber Rose Ranch. The main plot revolves around the cowgirls who work at the ranch after they violently take over and drug the endangered whooping cranes that nest along the lake on their land, making the once migratory birds stay. The cowgirls end up in a showdown with government agencies because the cranes will not leave the ranch and the cowgirls refuse to allow the men on the ranch to take the cranes. Sissy and the ranch leader, Bonanza Jellybean, have a brief love affair. After a fatal shootout between the cowgirls and the various agencies, the cranes leave, and Sissy takes over running the ranch.
1488	Germinal (1993)	Drama	The film takes place in Northern France in a coal mining town during the mid-nineteenth century. The film begins with Étienne Lantier, an unemployed engineer, arrives at a coal mine named "Le Voreux" seeking work. He is ignored by each over-worked, tired miner until Maheu learns that one of his team members has died and must find a replacement. Maheu is the father of eight children some of whom work in the mines. Catherine is on her father's mining team and becomes interested in Étienne Lantier when he begins working with them. Later, he moves in with them because the Maheu family needs the rent money he provides after their eldest son, Zacharie, marries the girl he impregnated. The main action of the film occurs after a cave-in in the mines due to insufficient timbering. The director of Voreux, Philippe Hennebeau, lowered the price of each coal cart to encourage the miners to spend more time timbering after the costly accident. Étienne who arrived at "Le Voreux" after punching his former boss and getting fired, had already been encouraging workers to go on strike. His lively conversations with Rassneur (who possesses socialist views) and Souvarine (who possesses anarchist views) about going on strike and earning better working conditions for the miners occur throughout the film. The workers go on strike led by Maheu and Étienne; however, Catherine, influenced by her possessive lover, Chaval, goes to work at Jean Bart, another mine in the area. Maheude, Catherine's mother and Maheu's wife, kicks her out of the house, and she is forced to live with the emotionally abusive Chaval, while Etienne pines for her. As the strike progresses, soldiers are sent to Voreux to protect the mine and keep the town in check. Maheu and Etienne host a rally one night and Chaval appears, claiming allegiance to the cause. The next day, he arrives at Jean Bart to stop work. However, he is unsuccessful; even Catherine is against him, and the miners return to work after a minor interruption until Maheu and Étienne arrive at Jean Barts. At the height of the strike, the workers of Voreux march on the factory, which is protected by soldiers, and demand they stand down. The workers who brought women and children, including Maheude and her infant, were emboldened to destroy the mine. After a brief standoff, Maheu is shot and killed and the strike comes to a halt. The following day, the workers return to Voreux, but Souvarine, the anarchist, sabotages the mine so that it would flood. The workers return as Souvarine leaves, and Étienne, Chaval, and Catherine are trapped in the mine when it fills with water and the mine shaft collapses. Chaval tries to attack Catherine after accusing her of cheating on him with Étienne, so Étienne defends her by killing Chaval. The two lovers are finally together for a brief moment before Catherine dies in the mine. Zacharie and several other miners enter the mine at another point to save Catherine and Étienne but is killed by an explosion from his lantern. Étienne makes it out of the mine alive and leaves Voreux for good in the final scene after saying goodbye to Maheude, who is seen descending into the mine with the other workers. While the strike occurs, the audience receives glimpses into the lives of the Director (Hennebeau) of mines and his family. Hennebeau's nephew, Paul Négel, is the engineer at Voreux. He is engaged to Cécile Gregoire, the daughter of, Voreux's owner Léon Gregoire. However, Paul is having an affair with this aunt, Madame Hennebeau.
1489	Chasers (1994)	Comedy	Eddie Devane is a young sailor who has carried out a number of inventory-related scams along with his partner-in-crime Howard and made a lot of money during his service. A day before his discharge, Eddie is assigned to escort a prisoner from the Marine Corps Base at Camp Lejeune along with the authoritarian, no-nonsense Chief Petty Officer Rock Reilly. Eddie is of course not pleased with this development. When Howard sees a grumpy-looking Eddie being escorted from his superior's office by a couple of other seaman, he thinks Eddie has been found out and arrested for his scams. In order to destroy evidence, he goes to Eddie's desk and finds the money, the existence of which Eddie had concealed from him.Eddie and Rock's personalities clash many times during the trip to Camp Lejeune. When they reach their destination, they discover that the prisoner they are transporting is a beautiful young girl, Toni Johnson. However, they soon discover that taking her back is no easy job when she attempts to escape disguised as a waitress at a diner but is caught. Later, she feigns the onset of her period and puts tampons inside the van's gas tank which leads to the van being stalled in the road. While walking, the trio come across an abandoned mine and accidentally fall down the shaft. They try to get out standing on each other's shoulders. Toni gets out first, ditches them and runs away but has a change of heart later and comes back for them.They stay for the night in a motel while their van is being repaired. They converse and bond in a diner where it is revealed that Rock is divorced from his wife and estranged from his son, and Toni had first gone AWOL to visit her delinquent, drug-addicted brother in a hospital. When the authorities attempted to arrest her, she resisted and made more attempts to escape, leading to her current sentence. Her brother died while she was in prison. This makes them see her in a new light and understand the motivations behind her actions. Later in the night, Eddie finds out that Howard has taken all the money as well as the new car Eddie was planning to buy. He calls Howard, who says he was tired of being used, but says if Eddie answers a riddle he will turn around: "How do you talk to the fish?", which Eddie cannot answer. Unbeknownst to them, Toni listens to their conversation on another receiver, and realizes he embezzled $150,000 from the Navy. Distressed, he gets drunk. When he returns to the motel, Toni seduces him, and the two have sex.Next morning, Eddie wakes up and sees Toni has run away. She steals the car of the man who picked her up. While giving her chase, Eddie and Rock's van accidentally climbs up an artificial volcano in an amusement park and falls down but they both escape unhurt. They catch up with Toni only to discover that her brother's funeral is soon and she is running away with the intention of being present there. Frustrated with the situation, Rock and Eddie have a fistfight. The three then go to a bar, where Toni apologizes to Eddie for fleeing that morning and mentions "Drop them a line", answering Howard's riddle, revealing she had accidentally listened in on the conversation; she then brokers a reconciliation between Eddie and Rock. They journey to their base and hand Toni over.Eddie realizes that he is in love with Toni and wants to rescue her. Rock is of agreement. When Toni is being transported to the prison to begin her sentence, Eddie and Rock sabotage the van in the same way as she had sabotaged their van earlier. Eddie impersonates a tow truck driver and takes the van away with Toni inside, while the navy guards were outside the truck.In the epilogue set one year later, Eddie and Toni are living it up "somewhere south of the border," and Rock, now retired from the Navy, has begun a relationship with a waitress he met at the diner before.
1490	Fausto (1993)	Comedy	Fausto is a given name and surname. It is used as a title for:
1491	Tough and Deadly (1995)	Action, Drama, Thriller	Richard Norton (6 January 1950 – 30 March 2025) was an Australian martial artist, actor, stunt performer, stunt coordinator, security consultant and fight choreographer. He held a 5th dan Black Belt in Gōjū-ryū karate, a 6th Dan Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, an 8th Dan Black Belt in Chun Kuk Do, and a Level 6 ranking in American Kickboxing. After high school, Norton worked as a bodyguard in the entertainment business before pursuing an acting career. Norton appeared as a bodyguard in the 1977 ABBA movie, as they toured his native country, Australia. He had a very minor speaking part. His first movie screen appearance was in the 1980 Chuck Norris film The Octagon, and he worked on over 80 feature films and television programs. He appeared in a number of martial arts films, facing off against stars such as Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Yasuaki Kurata, Benny Urquidez, Don Wilson and Cynthia Rothrock, and worked as fight choreographer for titles like The Condemned (2007), Mad Max: Fury Road (2015), Suicide Squad (2016), Dark Phoenix (2019) and The Suicide Squad (2021). With fellow karateka Bob Jones, Norton was the co-creator of Zen Do Kai, a hybrid self-defence martial art intended for the security industry. He was also the head of Richard Norton BJJ.
1492	Window to Paris (1994)	Comedy	In 1992 Russia, music teacher Nikolay Chizhov moves into a communal apartment in St. Petersburg, where he discovers a mysteriously boarded-up window in his new room. During a housewarming party, he and his guests drunkenly descend from this window, believing it leads to the streets of St. Petersburg. Instead, they stumble upon a bar in Paris. The next day, Chizhov learns from a returning elderly resident that the window periodically opens to Paris for a few weeks every few decades. Realizing the limited time to access Paris, Chizhov's neighbor, Gorokhov, and his family begin cross-border ventures through the window, from selling souvenirs to transporting a Citroën 2CV into Russia. Alongside the whimsical exploits, Chizhov faces challenges in his career and personal life. After protesting the dismissal of music education at his school, he is fired, prompting a student strike in his support. He tries to find work in Paris, only to turn down an unusual gig at a nudist club. A romance develops between Chizhov and Parisian Nicole, whose apartment connects to the same rooftop as the magical window. When Gorokhov lures Nicole into Russia, she becomes lost and overwhelmed by the harsh realities of 1990s Russia before Chizhov ultimately helps her return to Paris. Later, fulfilling a promise to his students, Chizhov uses the window to show them Paris, but they miss the window’s closing, forcing them to attempt a daring return to Russia by hijacking a plane. Months later, Chizhov and Gorokhov spot the old resident’s cat emerging from a crack in the wall, sparking their hopes of reopening the path to Paris.
1493	Modern Affair, A (1995)	Romance	Grace Rhodes (Lisa Eichhorn) is a lonely, successful executive whose biological clock is loudly ticking. Giving up on finding the right man, she resorts to using a sperm bank on the advice of her best friend Elaine (Caroline Aaron). Soon she is pregnant, but she becomes so curious as to the identity of the father that she goes on a quest to find him with the help of Elaine. Peter Kessler (Stanley Tucci) is a nature photographer living in Upstate New York. While his lifestyle differs from hers, he is also reluctant to commit to a relationship, indulging in a casual affair with a married woman (Mary Jo Salerno). His photographs only feature landscapes because, as far as he is concerned, "people mess up composition."His world is rocked when Grace comes into the picture. And announces she's pregnant. "You got yourself into this situation," he tells her. "You're going to have to get yourself out. I'm not going to take responsibility for your baby." While at first, he runs away from any intimacy, he renews contact with Grace later. From then on begins their discovery of mutual commitment and their journey to parenthood.
1494	Mostro, Il (1994)	Comedy	The Monster of Florence (Italian: il Mostro di Firenze) is the name coined by the Italian media for a serial killer active within the province of Florence between 1968 and 1985. The Monster murdered sixteen victims, usually young couples secluded in search of intimacy, in wooded areas during new moons. Although none of the murders were committed in Florence, the name of the serial killer, initially referred to as "The Maniac of Couples" (Italian: il maniaco delle coppiette), was chosen due to the murders being committed in the countryside around Florence. After an investigation was launched in the early 1990s by the Florence Prosecutor's Office, several connected persons were convicted for involvement in the lovers' lane murders, yet the exact sequence of events, the identity of the main perpetrator, and the motives remain unclear. Multiple weapons were used in the murders, including a .22 caliber handgun and a knife, and in half of the cases, a large portion of the skin surrounding sexual organs was excised from the bodies of the female victims. The Monster represented the first known case of serial murders against couples in Italy, often being called the first modern serial killer case in Italy, and received a vast media coverage both at the time of the crimes and during the various trials against the alleged perpetrators, to the point of influencing the habits and daily life of the entire population living in the province of Florence in the 1980s who began to avoid secluding themselves in isolated places. The fact that the victims were young couples also stimulated the debate in the media on the opportunity to grant children the opportunity to find intimacy at home more freely, thus avoiding isolated and dangerous places. Law enforcement conducted several investigations into the cases over many years. In 1996, Italy's Supreme Court of Cassation in final instance annulled the acquittal on appeal of Pietro Pacciani and sent the case back to another section of the Florence Court of Assizes of Appeal for a new second-instance trial that was not held due to the death of Pacciani in 1998. In 2000, the Supreme Court of Cassation convicted in final instance Mario Vanni and Giancarlo Lotti for five and four of the eight double murders, respectively. They had been charged with being part of an alleged group of murderers that became known in the popular press as the "Snack Buddies" (Italian: compagni di merende) following the courtroom protestation of Vanni that the group were merely friends who on frequent occasion consumed snacks together in local bars and restaurants. Lotti had confessed to the murders and called in Pacciani and Vanni as accomplices; Lotti and Fernando Pucci's testimonies were decisive for the convictions, while Giovanni Faggi was acquitted. Beyond what was established by the final sentence of 2000, physical evidence such as DNA and fingerprints attributable to the Monster's accomplices have never been found at the numerous crime scenes, the serial killer's firearm (a presumed Beretta handgun with which he signed his crimes) has never been traced, and the anatomical parts removed from some of his female victims have not been found; in 1985, the Florence Prosecutor's Office received a letter including the breast flap of a victim. Since the 1990s and 2000s, the prosecutors of Florence and Perugia (after the suspicious death of Francesco Narducci in the lake Trasimeno) have engaged in numerous investigations aimed at identifying the material perpetrators of the double murders and then the possible instigators. The investigations have also focused on a possible motive of an esoteric nature, which would have pushed one or more people to commission the crimes, without arriving at any objective confirmation. Despite the many investigations and hypotheses made over the years, including in the 2010s and 2020s, the case remains unsolved.
1495	Flirt (1995)	Drama	Flirt is a 1995 drama film written and directed by Hal Hartley and produced by Good Machine.
1496	Carpool (1996)	Comedy, Crime	Workaholic Daniel Miller is forced to drive his sons, Bucky and Andrew, to school when his wife, Diane, falls ill with a stomach bug. He is in the middle of a huge advertising campaign for Hammerman's, a large chain of gourmet markets, and initially refuses the drive until Diane guilts him. Along with Bucky and Andrew, two local girls; Kayla and her younger sister, Chelsea, as well as local weirdo Travis, join Daniel's reluctant carpool. Meanwhile, Franklin Laszlo, owner of the failing Laszlo Brothers Carnival, reluctantly decides to commit armed robbery in order to get the money to keep his business open. As he leaves to attempt it, he enters a local Hammerman's where Daniel is purchasing baked goods for the children. A duo of gunmen named Neil and Jerry also plan to rob the market by coincidence. When they hold it up, a standoff ensues between them, Franklin, an old woman, and off-duty local detective Lt. Erdman. Through a series of misunderstandings, Franklin ends up taking Daniel as his hostage and escaping with the money Neil and Jerry had stolen from the market's safe. Heading to the van, Franklin ends up kidnapping Daniel and the children. The group eventually bonds with one another through a series of misadventures; stopping at a hair salon so Andrew can use the restroom, evading the police with disguises, and eventually being chased by Martha, an obsesssive meter maid. Franklin reveals to the group that the reason behind his robbery and kidnapping was that he desperately needed the money so he could keep his business open and give his son, Keith, who lives with his ex-wife, a present for his 12th birthday.Eventually, Franklin takes the group to his carnival, where the children enjoy the rides. Neil and Jerry arrive soon after, having tracked Franklin through his wallet, which he dropped in Hammerman's, and demand the grocery money. A fight ensues, with the controls to the Ferris wheel being damaged. Daniel uses his presentation materials to jam the ride's mechanism and climbs up to rescue Andrew. Franklin ties up Neil and Jerry, locks them in the Zipper, and gets his wallet back. Daniel realizes that he's far too late to attend his pitch meeting, but Franklin manages to convince him otherwise. He arrives at the office hours late and greatly unprepared, but he uses his experience to successful convince Mr. Hammerman that children don't like his chain, and that a revamp to something more kid-friendly would help. Franklin likes the idea as Daniel gains the backbone to tell Mr. Hammerman that he quits. Eventually, Erdman and the police arrive to arrest Franklin, but they soon let him go when Daniel reveals why he tried to rob the market and doesn't want to press charges. Sometime later, Franklin and Daniel have become co-owners of the carnival, with Mr. Hammerman supplying the food. Everything seems to be all right at the end, until Franklin realizes that he missed a lunch date with his mother, who is seen destroying a local Sizzler over the closing credits.
1497	Line King: Al Hirschfeld, The (1996)	Documentary	Albert Hirschfeld (June 21, 1903 – January 20, 2003) was an American caricaturist best known for his black and white portraits of celebrities and Broadway stars.
1498	Farmer & Chase (1995)	Comedy	JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., doing business as Chase, is an American national bank headquartered in New York City that constitutes the consumer and commercial banking subsidiary of the American multinational banking and financial services holding company, JPMorgan Chase. The bank was known as Chase Manhattan Bank until it merged with J.P. Morgan & Co. in 2000. Chase Manhattan Bank was formed by the merger of the Chase National Bank and the Manhattan Company in 1955. The bank merged with Chemical Bank New York in 1996 and later merged with Bank One Corporation in 2004 and in 2008 acquired the deposits and most assets of Washington Mutual. In May 2023, it acquired the assets of First Republic Bank. Chase offers more than 4,701 branches and 15,000 ATMs nationwide and has 18.5 million checking accounts and 25 million debit card users as of 2023. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has 250,355 employees (as of 2016) and operates in more than 100 countries. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had assets of $3.31 trillion in 2022 which makes it the largest bank in the United States as well as the bank with the most branches in the United States and the only bank with a presence in all of the contiguous United States. JPMorgan Chase, through its Chase subsidiary, is one of the Big Four banks of the United States.
1499	Grosse Fatigue (1994)	Comedy	Michel Blanc is a great film actor. However, he has been accused of sexually abusing actresses Josiane Balasko, Charlotte Gainsbourg and Mathilda May, of behaving like a cad at Cannes and of accepting dubious publicity deals, such as appearances in supermarkets, behind the back of his agent. The evidence is there for everyone to see, but Blanc knows he is innocent. He seeks assistance from fellow actress Carole Bouquet to shed light on this matter, and he discovers that he has a perfect double, Patrick Olivier, who, having suffered all his life from his likeness to Michel Blanc, has decided to use this to his financial advantage.
1500	Santa with Muscles (1996)	Comedy	The movie starts off with Elizabeth (Aria Curzon) writing a letter to Santa, explaining that the citizens of Lakeville have left because of an evil scientist named Ebner Frost (Ed Begley Jr.) who plans to buy the orphanage. He bullies Mr. Rini into selling his shoe store with the help of his henchmen, Drs. Blight, Watt, Flint, and Vial. Rini relents, and the orphanage is the last to be targeted.Blake Thorn (Hulk Hogan), a conceited self-made millionaire who sells bodybuilding supplements and equipment that have his picture on them, practices exercises with his staff before joining up with his paintball squad. He is targeted by police including an officer named Hinkley (Clint Howard) after he and his friends are caught speeding. Abandoning them, he hides out at a shopping mall that is waiting for their mall Santa to show, and changes into a Santa costume. He manages to trick Hinkley and another officer at first who are looking for him, until Hickey spots Thorn’s paintball uniform and gives chase again. Blake hides out in a garbage chute, but as the officers leave a janitor throws a big Christmas display that knocks Blake out and sends him down to the bottom floor. An elf named Lenny (Don Stark) assumes him to be another drunk mall Santa and proceeds to rob him from his money, until he realizes that he’s hit the jackpot upon finding Blake’s ID. Blake has no memory of his name when he comes to, but Lenny convinces him that he’s Santa.Blake assumes the identity of mall Santa for the kids, until he sees two people steal money that has been set aside to help the orphanage. Santa battles the two crooks, and gets a rousing applause by the long line of people at the mall. Upon seeing a picture of the orphanage, Blake goes to visit the orphanage, and helps out after Blight almost runs his ice cream truck over Clayton (Garret Morris). Blake meets Leslie (Robin Curtis) and the last three children remaining: Taylor (Adam Wylie), Sarah (Mila Kunis) and Elizabeth. He is interviewed by the news when the local papers refer to Blake/Santa as ’Santa with Muscles’. It is also revealed that Lenny owes a sum of money to both Frost and Blight, and Frost wants Lenny to get the Santa out of the orphanage, not realizing that Santa is Blake.Blake helps out when the orphanage gets attacked by Blight and Vial, but he manages to fend off their attacks. Taylor heads off to deal with Ebner Frost at his mansion, but Blake catches him and has Lenny take him back to the orphanage. Blake asks the kids if there’s anything special about the place, and the kids mention an underground vault. They kids figured out the three combination numbers, but they have trouble with the fourth. Blake figures out the fourth number and opens the vault to reveal geode-like magical crystals. Blake stays to figure out how he knew the combination, while Lenny goes upstairs with the rest of the group.The next morning, Blake fends off another attack from Blight and his henchmen but a decorated Santa Claus pushes him out and falls onto a garbage truck. He wakes up in his mansion, and gathers his staff to help fight back against Frost. However, they speed past Hinkley again and are given chase. They manage to outrun the police but they are stopped by other patrol cars who try to blow up Thorn's vehicle with a rocket launcher, but they end up destroying Hinkley's car instead.He rescues the kids as well as Leslie and Clayton, the latter revealing that the once grew up in the orphanage with Ebner as his best friend until they had a falling out. They all defeat the henchmen, and Lenny helps out as well, having felt guilty about betraying the orphanage. Frost and his henchmen are arrested, but the orphanage is destroyed due to the overload of the crystals. Frost's compound is now the new orphanage founded and helped run by Blake. Many more orphans have joined since then. They all watch through a telescope at Frost and his henchman doing hard labor in the prison yard.
1501	Prisoner of the Mountains (Kavkazsky Plennik) (1996)	War	"The Prisoner of the Caucasus" (Russian: Кавказский пленник, romanized: Kavkazsky plennik), also translated to "A Prisoner in the Caucausus", is an 1872 novella written by Leo Tolstoy. The story is based on a real incident in his life while he was serving in the Russian military. It is about two soldiers kidnapped by their rivals for ransom who were in custody for some time. They tried to escape twice, were caught the first time, but succeeded the second. The novella was acclaimed for its view of humanity in the face of conflict. Along with his story God Sees the Truth, But Waits, Tolstoy personally considered this novella to be his greatest artistic achievement. The 1996 Russian film Prisoner of the Mountains is based on the novella.
1502	Naked in New York (1994)	Comedy, Romance	The film is narrated in flashback by Jake Briggs (Eric Stoltz), a young aspiring playwright, culminating in the production of one of his plays off-Broadway by agent Carl Fisher (Tony Curtis). The play is a flop, at least in part because the lead parts are given to two actors, Dana Coles and Jason Brett (Kathleen Turner and Chris Noth), who are "not right" for the roles. Along the journey, Jake reviews his relationships with girlfriend Joanne (Mary-Louise Parker), gay best friend Chris (Ralph Macchio), his mother Shirley (Jill Clayburgh), and his mostly absentee father Roman (Paul Guilfoyle). The film ends with Jake and Joanne going their separate ways, mostly because of competing career goals, and Jake hoping to write more plays with greater success.
1503	Gold Diggers: The Secret of Bear Mountain (1995)	Adventure, Children's	In June 1980, teenager Beth Easton and her recently widowed mother, Kate, relocate from Los Angeles to the small town of Wheaton, Washington, where they move into Kate's aunt's farmhouse. Initially, Beth misses the city and resents her new surroundings. In town she encounters Jody Salerno, a troubled but free-spirited teenager who has a bad reputation. While riding her bike the next day, Beth is forced off the road by a pickup truck and plummets down a steep ravine, crashing her bicycle into a river, where Jody is fishing.Kate attempts to ingratiate Beth with two local girls named Tracy and Samantha. While they are picking berries at the house, Beth encounters Jody, who has been hiding in a tree and throwing cherries at them. Tracy and Samantha warn Beth against associating with Jody, but she joins her on a trek through the woods. They quickly become friends, and Jody tells Beth she has an adventure planned for the following day, the summer solstice. When Jody fails to meet Beth that morning, local sheriff Matt Hollinger offers her a ride to Jody's house. Jody's mother, Lynette, answers the door, appearing shaken and inebriated, and tells Beth that Jody is not home.Matt brings Beth home and realizes that he is an old acquaintance of her mother. Beth receives a phone call from Jody, who directs her into the forest outside her house. She explains that she hid from Matt and Beth because she had broken in and stolen candy from the vending machines in the local high school; she then tells Beth the story of Molly Morgan, a female miner who purportedly died in a mine collapse in Bear Mountain while searching for gold. They board a motorized boat which Jody has hidden along the river, and ride downstream and into the mountain, where she has set up a makeshift living space in the cavern entryway. When Beth notices Jody's bandaged shoulder, Jody confesses that Lynette and her abusive boyfriend, Ray, had gotten into a fight the night before, and that Jody may have fatally wounded him after he chased her into the woods. Beth urges Jody to go to the police, but she refuses, planning to hide out in the mountain.As a rainstorm approaches, Beth and Jody attempt to leave the cave, but a rock collapse damages the boat and pins Beth to the floor. Jody swims out of the cave and down the river, making it safely past a grizzly bear and to a road where she crosses paths with a state trooper. Beth is rescued just in time, as the water level has slowly risen inside the cave. At the hospital, Jody is confronted by Ray, who is still alive to the surprise of Jody and Beth.Kate forbids Beth to spend time with Jody, but she appears at a Fourth of July picnic and divulges her plan to return to the mountain to get the gold. Kate eventually decides to let Beth see her, and they drive to her house the next day. Inside, they find it trashed and Lynette, beaten and incoherent, and no sign of Ray or Jody. Lynette is taken to the hospital and Beth insists to Matt that they go to the mountain, believing that Ray took Jody there. Beth assists Matt to the caves, but they are separated inside. Beth finds Jody, who tells her that a drunken Ray beat her and forced her to take him to find the gold.Beth goes back to find Matt, and Jody is grabbed from behind by whom she believes is Ray—when she turns around, she finds it is an elderly woman, who then recedes into the shadows. Ray appears and attempts to grab Jody but is hit over the head with a shovel by the woman. Beth returns to find Jody and Ray, unconscious, but the woman, ostensibly Molly Morgan, has disappeared. Matt finally finds Beth and Jody and Ray is arrested. Lynette recovers in the hospital and Jody accepts her apologies.In late August, Matt arrives at Beth's house, and brings her, Kate, Jody, and Lynette to the courthouse, where an attorney is representing an anonymous client who has bestowed a gift to Beth and Jody. They are given two bags, each containing gold, and cheered and applauded by the town citizens, including Tracy and Samantha.
1504	Bewegte Mann, Der (1994)	Comedy	After she caught him cheating on her on a public toilet, Axel (played by Til Schweiger) has just been dumped by his girlfriend Doro (Katja Riemann), and needs to find a new place to live. He meets Walter a.k.a. Waltraud (Rufus Beck), a transvestite who is participating in a heterosexual men's group to provide a gay man's perspective. Walter talks Axel into joining him and some friends at a gay party afterwards, and tries to convince Axel to move in with him. At the party, Axel decides instead to move in with Walter's best friend, Norbert (Joachim Król), whose boyfriend has just left him. Later, at Axel and Doro's apartment, Norbert tries to seduce Axel while they browse old photos. Just when Norbert has shed all his clothes, Doro shows up at the door, and Axel hastily hides Norbert.  Doro explains to Axel that she's expecting his child and wants to give their relationship a second chance.  She is not amused to discover a naked man in the wardrobe, but Axel manages to convince her that nothing has happened.  Excited about fatherhood and eager to return to Doro, Axel forgets about his new friendship with Norbert.But soon Axel discovers a downside to the pregnancy: he finds that he is extremely adverse to having sex with a pregnant woman, due to an irrational fear of hurting the child.  Despite his engagement to her, he decides to stray when he encounters Elke, a former girlfriend. They are trying to find a place to have sex when Axel bumps into Norbert again. At first Norbert is angry with him for having left without a word, but Axel claims it's only because Doro was upset. Axel convinces Norbert to lend his apartment for the tryst with Elke. A few days later at Norbert's apartment, Elke gives Axel a mind-altering drug, and leaves him sitting naked on a table. Meanwhile, Doro has learned that Axel went to Norbert's apartment, and she thinks that Axel is going to have sex with Norbert. She confronts Norbert at his apartment and upon entering, she sees Axel naked and unable to speak and starts to go into labor. In the bathroom Norbert finds Elke and Norbert's not-so-gay boyfriend playing in the tub.  As Norbert drives her to the hospital, he attempts to explain everything on the way.  Doro forgives Norbert and they become friends, but her relationship with Axel is in question.
1505	Killer: A Journal of Murder (1995)	Crime, Drama	After repeated convictions and prison sentences for robberies and violent crimes in the early 20th century, Carl Panzram (James Woods) is serving time again at Leavenworth penitentiary for burglary. Prison guard Henry Lesser (Robert Sean Leonard), at the beginning of his career, extends kindness to him arising from his belief in reform. They develop some kind of relationship and Panzram asks Lesser for writing materials. He writes his life story, confessing to numerous murders and violent physical attacks against men and boys, accusing the circumstances of his life for his own cruelties to others.He is encouraged by a warden who believes in rehabilitation and whom Panzram appears to like. However, his actions destroy the rehabilitation program. While granted a furlough, Panzram rapes a woman and is incarcerated again.After recounting his life of homicide and crime, and refusing to apologize for any of it, Panzram beats a prison guard to death in an altercation. He is convicted and sentenced to death. Lesser tries to convince the condemned man to appeal by claiming insanity, but Panzram stubbornly refuses. In one scene he says, "I want out of this body, I want out of this life!"Panzram is hanged at Leavenworth in 1930. In his last hours he refuses to appeal for clemency, and rejects a priest who comes to hear his confession. He urges the executioner to speed his preparations for the execution, saying "Hurry up, you Hoosier bastard. I could kill ten men while you're fooling around here."Although horrified and disgusted by Panzram's crimes, Lesser is troubled by Panzram's death. Throughout the movie, Lesser's relationship with his wife Esther (Cara Buono) is briefly touched upon. He confides to her his experiences with dealing with Panzram's violent and nihilistic outlook on life. She has difficulty understanding the people her husband must deal with in his line of work.
1506	Nelly & Monsieur Arnaud (1995)	Drama	Nelly is married to Jérôme, an unemployed man who has ceased looking for work. After being made redundant from her job in publishing, Nelly now takes on occasional work at a printing shop and a bakery. As a result, the couple has fallen six months behind on their apartment rent. Talking with her friend Jacqueline at a coffee shop, she encounters Pierre Arnaud, a wealthy retired businessman who had a languid affair with Jacqueline in the past and who saw Nelly in the past at one of Jacqueline's parties. After discovering Nelly is in debt, Arnaud offers to give Nelly 30,000 francs as a gift. Nelly reluctantly accepts, pays her overdue rent and then leaves her husband.Nelly agrees to type Arnaud's memoirs, but he insists this will not be to repay the gift; he will pay her. Working at Arnaud's apartment, Nelly learns more of Arnaud's past as a judge in a colony, and later a businessman; he is separated from his wife and largely estranged from his two children.Nelly has an affair with Vincent, Arnaud's editor. Arnaud feels jealous, although his exact feelings for the much younger Nelly never become entirely clear. Vincent views a new apartment and then asks Nelly to move in. She refuses, telling him she doesn't want to change the character of their relationship, and Vincent immediately breaks up with her.She continues working for Arnaud until his wife Lucie returns from Geneva for a few days after her partner dies suddenly. Nelly comes to work one morning and finds Arnaud and Lucie with their bags packed, about to leave. Arnaud tells Nelly that he and his wife have decided to take a long round-the-world trip that they always had dreamed of, and see their son in Seattle. The film ends with Arnaud at the airport looking wistful and uncertain, and with Nelly bringing Arnaud's manuscript to Vincent's office, where she is sure to see her former lover.
1507	Three Lives and Only One Death (1996)	Comedy	Pierre Bellemare, a French radio personality appears to recount four strange, seemingly non-coexisting, tales that make up the complex narrative structure of Three Lives and Only One Death. In the first tale we are introduced to Andre Parisi, a family man who has woken up with a terrible headache. Andre leaves to a local cafe where he meets one of the multiple enigmatic central characters, Matteo Strano (Marcello Mastroianni). Matteo offers Andre champagne and 1000 francs to listen to his story. Prior to the scene of Matteo's own storytelling, he reveals he was once married to Andre's wife. Matteo recounts the day he went out, on a whim, and rented out an apartment. Matteo insists this apartment is inhabited by fairies who eat time and who ultimately devoured 20 years of his life in one night. Matteo uses the story of his “strange journey in time” to entice Andre into going to his “fairy house.” Andre accepts Matteo's request and is surprised to find that the apartment actually exists. Matteo takes Andre's fondness for the apartment as an acceptance of a deal that allows Matteo to go home, leaving Andre to remain in the bewitched apartment. When Andre refuses to take Matteo's place “he finds himself with a hammer in his head, thus retrospectively explaining his headache as a premonition.” After a 20-year hiatus Matteo returns to his former home and his former wife, Maria, as if nothing had changed.Bellemare then recounts the tale of George Vickers, a 69-year-old bachelor and Professor of "Negative Anthropology" at the Sorbonne. When Vickers ascends the main stairs at the Sorbonne, to give the opening lecture at a major conference on Negative Anthropology, he pauses and is overcome by a strange force and feeling. The strange force takes him to a graveyard where he shortly experiences grief. When a storm breaks out he becomes profoundly happy, so much so that he does not look for shelter. He becomes a beggar overnight and strangely finds success.  Vickers is ambushed on a  routine walk home to an abandoned courtyard, but is saved by a prostitute Tanya La Corse aka Maria Gabri-Colosso. Tanya takes Vickers back to her apartment. Vickers explores her apartment and grabs sight of a series of books by Carlos Castañeda. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Vickers occasionally hears Carlos's voice. Vickers professes a passionate loathing of those works in Tanya's apartment. Vickers and Tanya/Maria form a firm friendship; Vickers even moves to a new bench to be closer to his new friend. Tanya/Maria tests the new friendship by entrusting in Vickers to keep a close eye out for her extremely dangerous ex-husband. When Vickers fails to alert Tanya/Maria he returns home to a bench outside his mother's home. When he learns of her death he “experiences a strange feeling of nostalgia” and returns to his role as a professor. One day the past catches up with him and he learns Tanya/Maria also lived a double life as the president of a huge electric company, who had been led to prostitution by her husband. Vickers and Tanya/Maria rekindle their relationship and marry. Like clockwork, Vickers once again ascends the main stairs at the Sorbonne when he suddenly pauses, walks back down the stairs and leaves for the graveyard. Meanwhile, Tanya/Maria('s) ex-husband returns and "re-ignites her taste for the perverse.” Both Tanya/Maria and Vickers once again reverse back to their roles as Prostitute and as beggar.Bellemare opens the third tale with an announcement about the foundation of the tale, that of which “extreme happiness is an extreme form of misery and excessive generosity is an excessive form of tyranny.” Bellemare also proclaims that the next story is “so true it has taken place not once, but several times.” This third tale which revolves around a young Parisian couple, Cecile and Martin, in love sets the stage for the “crossing between the stories and roles played by Mastroianni." The young couple receives a mysterious weekly gift of 2,000 francs in their mailbox and proceed with their perfect happy life. Both Cecile and Martin “embark on affairs out of kindness.” Cecile cheats on Martin with the next door neighbor, Piotr, a college student who cannot bear to hear the couples "all-consuming" love for each other. Martin unknowingly finds employment with Cecile's mother, Maria from the first tale; they too have an affair. However, the young couple forgives one another. The stories from earlier begin to collide in a seemingly rapid pace. Cecile takes a job working for the businesswoman Tanya/Maria. Later, Tanya/Maria and her ex-husband attempt to entice the young couple into perverse games, but they throw the idea out when they notice the young couple isn't sexy. One day the couple doesn't receive their regular earnings in the mailbox, due to the fact that their “protector” has died. However, their protector remembers them in his will and leaves to them the possession of a Mansion and its butler. The butler, another character played by Mastroianni, responds only to the sound of a bell. The butler plays odd games with the couple, who are now expecting a child. The butler hides the bell and drugs them into sleeping for days on end. One strange night Martin finds the Butler conversing with a businessman and a “tramp.” The tramp leaves Martin bloodied and dazed. This leads to the couple's immediate departure. Their inability to recognize Mastroianni as proprietor and butler results in him claiming the couple's new-born child, which he later leaves on Maria's door steps.In the final tale Bellemare introduces Luc Allamand, a successful businessman in his 70s. Luc receives a surprising phone call, in the middle of the night, detailing the arrival of his ex-wife, daughter and sister. Luc is taken aback by the news because they do not exist, he invented them for business reasons. Feeling ill Luc returns home and finds his wife, “a 32-year-old star singer in the hands of her accompanist.” Carlos's voice can be distinctly heard whispering, this appears to turn Luc into a sleepwalker. Luc then wanders aimlessly and returns to Maria and his former home as Matteo, once again as if nothing had happened. Mastroianni's multiples identities begin to cross at a more rapid pace. Maria supposedly awakes Matteo, but instead hears Vickers talking in his sleep about Negative Anthropology. Maria then confronts Matteo about his “mistress” Tanya/Maria. The sudden sound of a bell brings triggers Vickers the beggar. His begging nearly turns violent, but Maria is able to find a coin in time to reverse Vickers back to Matteo. That same day Mastroianni's characters return to their former residences. Meanwhile, all the women in his life have been receiving threatening letters. Luc returns to his office where he meets with a famous psychologist Luca Agusta, who congratulates Luc for inventing three women that now exist. After awakening from a bad dream Luc heads to a river where he is confronted by Carlos. In the meantime, all the women in his life rendezvous at a cafe where they encounter all of Mastroianni's characters. All of the identities become murderous and converge in the cafe, resulting in a series of deaths.
1508	Babysitter, The (1995)	Drama, Thriller	Jennifer is a beautiful teenager who is hired to babysit the children of Harry Tucker and his wife, Dolly Tucker, while they attend a party hosted by their friends, Bill Holsten and his wife, Bernice Holsten. Harry often fantasizes about Jennifer, while Dolly misinterprets Bill's compliments as a sign of attraction and fantasizes about him. Meanwhile, Jennifer's ex-boyfriend Jack, with whom she broke up when he started pressuring Jennifer for sex, runs into his estranged troublemaking friend Mark, Bill and Bernice's son, who once had a fling with Jennifer and still harbors feelings for her. Throughout the night, Harry, Jack and Mark have increasingly racy fantasies about Jennifer.Jack calls Jennifer and asks to visit her at the Tuckers' residence, but she refuses. Mark later steals beer from Bill's party, where they run into Harry, who becomes fixated on the notion Jack might go to his house to have sex with Jennifer. Jack and Mark get increasingly drunk and show up uninvited to see Jennifer, but she refuses to let them in. They then spend the rest of the night stalking around the house and spying on her through the window. Meanwhile, Harry gets drunk and falls asleep in his car, where he has a nightmare of Jennifer and Jack having sex, which drives him to rush home and confront them. In his absence, Dolly makes a pass at Bill, who rejects her, but agrees to keep her secret and offers to drive her home.At the Tuckers' residence, Jack and Mark force their way in while Jennifer is taking a bath and, after a tense argument, Mark knocks Jack unconscious and attempts to rape Jennifer, who runs out of the house. Mark pursues her and ends up being fatally run over by Harry, who is arrested for drunk driving just as Bill and Dolly arrive and hear about the accident. Before being escorted home, Jennifer tries to shut the car door before being stopped by Jack, and then she asks him, "What were you thinking?" before leaving an ashamed and guilt-stricken Jack behind.
1509	Getting Even with Dad (1994)	Comedy	Timmy Gleason is the estranged son of ex-con Ray Gleason and has been living with his aunt Kitty and her fiancée Wayne since the death of his mother some years earlier. Ray works in a bakery designing cakes. When Kitty goes on her honeymoon with new husband Wayne, she dumps Timmy on a reluctant Ray, leaving him to look after his son in San Francisco for the next week.Timmy is hoping to spend time with his father, but is largely ignored by Ray, who is in the midst of planning a rare-coin heist with his two cronies Bobby and Carl. The robbery is successful, but Timmy learns of it and hides the stolen coins from them. He uses it to blackmail Ray into spending time with him, promising that he will return the coins afterwards. Thus father and son spend the next few days fishing, playing miniature golf and visiting amusement parks, with an amiable Carl and angry Bobby tagging along.After Timmy suggests to Carl that he made a map of the coins' location, Carl and Bobby find a map in Ray's bedroom and decide to look for the coins on their own without Timmy or Ray. However, this sends them on a wild goose chase that results in them getting arrested for attempting to steal a chest with communion wine from a church thinking the coins were in there. Realizing the map was fake, Bobby then believes Timmy and Ray set them up.The police are suspicious of Ray, so Detective Theresa Walsh is assigned by her superior to go undercover and surveil him. By chance, Ray and Timmy get talking to Theresa, unaware of who she really is, and invite her for a coffee and then to dinner. Theresa and Ray develop a mutual attraction, causing her boss concern over her willingness to do her job. Timmy and Ray have also gotten closer, so Timmy decides that he wants to stay with his dad permanently. He urges Ray to forget about the stolen coins, because he will probably be caught and sent back to prison. Ray refuses, so Timmy prepares to return home.At the last moment, Ray has a change of heart. Bobby, however, appears at the bus station, where at gunpoint he forces Ray to open the locker containing the coins. Ray and Bobby are set upon by the waiting police and arrested. Ray is crushed to discover that Theresa is a cop. However, it turns out that the bag in the locker was full of pennies, so Ray is released again. At Timmy's prompting, Theresa finds the rare coins in a gym bag in a department store held by a mannequin. The coins are returned and all charges against Ray are dropped. Ray decides to take on full custody of Timmy and they prepare for a new life together.
1510	Mad Dog Time (1996)	Crime	The story takes place in a mysterious underworld of swanky nightclubs where armed criminals listen to Rat Pack music and hold shootouts from a seated position, behind desks. Mickey Holliday is the top enforcer for Vic, the mob boss, who is about to be released from a psychiatric facility. In his absence, Ben London has been running Vic's nightclub while Mickey has been romancing both Rita and Grace Everly, which is doubly dangerous inasmuch as they are sisters and Grace was previously Vic's girl.A rival, Jake Parker, recruits a number of hired guns in an attempt to seize power. Mickey kills the first to challenge him, Lee Turner. The next one brought in by Parker, identified as Nicholas Falco and supposedly the fastest draw of all, murders Mickey's close friend, Jules Flamingo, who is unarmed. A showdown is arranged and Mickey ends up eliminating both Parker and the apparently overrated Falco.Vic returns to resume his reign as mob boss. He brings with him a new enforcer, the "real" Nicholas Falco, the previous one having been an impostor. "Brass Balls" Ben London promptly challenges Vic for control of the organization (while singing "My Way" on stage in the nightclub) and is shot dead. Falco proceeds to gun down the remaining opposition, including "Wacky" Jackie Jackson, and is eager to shoot it out with Mickey Holliday once and for all.Mickey attempts to repair his relationship with Rita, who is furious that he has been seeing her sister on the side. Mickey finally confesses to Grace that he has been seeing her in the daytime and Rita at night. She also has been unaware that Vic is back in town. At a final confrontation held in a private office, Grace reveals that she is pregnant with Vic's child. Forced to choose between Holliday and Falco before they shoot it out, Vic sides with his old friend and Grace kills Falco. He and Mickey end up (apparently) living happily ever after with the Everly sisters.
1511	Children of the Revolution (1996)	Comedy	Joan is a young Australian communist who goes to the Soviet Union as part of a work study program in the 1950s. There she catches the eye of Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin and the two sleep together just before Stalin dies. Returning to Australia, Joan discovers she is pregnant and gives birth to Stalin's love child, whom she names Joe.  Her son (who does not know who his father is) has a troubled upbringing, rebelling against both his mother's left wing politics and Australian society in general.  He spends time in jail where he learns about Stalin's crimes from a fellow inmate.  Upon release, he marries Anna, a police officer who had arrested him. She is the child of Latvian refugees who fled to Australia to escape Stalin's Great Purge. Pledging to go on the straight and narrow, Joe rises to become the head of Australia's police union and seizes more and more political power. Anna learns of Joe's true parentage, but keeps this secret from Joe out of love and a conviction that she cannot truly know for certain. The secret eats at their relationship and Joe resents the secrecy when it is revealed.
1512	World of Apu, The (Apur Sansar) (1959)	Drama	In the early 1930s Apurba "Apu" Kumar Roy is an unemployed graduate living in a rented room in Tala, Calcutta. Despite his teacher's advice to continue his studies past the intermediate level, he is unable to do so because he cannot afford it. He barely manages to get by providing private tutoring while trying to find a job, but his main passion is writing a semi-autobiographical novel that he hopes to get published some day.Pulu, Apu's friend from school, drops by and coaxes Apu to join him on a trip to his village in Khulna to attend the marriage of his cousin Aparna. On the day of the wedding it is discovered that the bridegroom has a serious mental disorder, and Aparna's mother cancels the marriage, despite her husband's protests. He and the other villagers believe, according to a prevalent Hindu tradition, that the young bride must be wedded off during the appointed auspicious hour, or else she will have to remain unmarried all her life. Apu initially refuses when Pulu and some villagers ask him to come to Aparna's rescue by agreeing to marry her, but he ultimately acquiesces.After the wedding Apu returns to his apartment in Calcutta with Aparna, and Pulu sets him up in a clerical job. Somewhat to his surprise, a loving relationship begins to bloom between him and Aparna. However, the young couple's blissful days are cut short when Aparna dies while giving birth to their son, Kajal.Overcome with grief, Apu cannot help holding the child responsible for Aparna's death. He shuns his worldly responsibilities and becomes a vagabond, leaving Kajal to be raised by Aparna's parents while he roams around India alone. On his travels, Apu throws away the manuscript of his novel.A few years later, Pulu returns after an extended period abroad and finds Kajal growing wild and uncared for. He seeks out Apu, finding him working at a coal mine, and advises his old friend to take up his fatherly responsibility. At last, Apu decides to come back to reality and reunite with his son. When he reaches Aparna's family home, Kajal, having seen him for the first time in his life, at first does not accept him as a father. Eventually, he accepts Apu as a friend, and they return to Calcutta together to start life afresh.
1513	Sprung (1997)	Comedy	In the 1990s Pittsburgh, Montel (Rusty Cundieff) and Clyde (Joe Torry) are friends who could not be less alike. An introverted photographer, Montel wants to meet the one right girl for him and settle down to build a family, while Clyde is a flamboyant womanizer just out for a good time.At a party, they meet Adina (Paula Jai Parker), a sexy golddigger seeking a wealthy husband with robotic determination, and her shy law clerk friend Brandy (Tisha Campbell). The couples pair off in predictable combinations, but while the brief encounter between Clyde and Adina quickly implodes when she discovers that Clyde's success is an act and his Porsche is borrowed, the relationship between Montel and Brandy blooms into a true romance. Eventually, they decide to move in together, motivating Clyde and Adina to reunite in a selfish scheme to break their best friends up, using whatever treacherous means they can employ.
1514	Dream With the Fishes (1997)	Drama	The film follows Terry, a suicidal voyeur who doesn't seem to be able to kill himself. While preparing for jumping off a bridge, he meets Nick who ends up saving his life. Terry discovers that Nick is terminally ill and doesn't have much time left. Scared by the lack of time, Nick offers Terry a deal he can't refuse: Terry will become the beneficiary of Nick's life insurance or, since money doesn't matter to Terry, Nick promises to kill him before he dies. All Nick asks is Terry's help to realize a few fantasies before dying.
1515	Wings of Courage (1995)	Adventure, Romance	In 1930 South America, a small group of French pilots led by aviation pioneer Antoine de Saint-Exupéry (Tom Hulce) struggle to prove they can offer a reliable airmail service over the Andes. When one of the young airmail pilots, Henri Guillaumet (Craig Sheffer), crashes on such a flight in the Andes, a search is started. Henri has to try and get back to civilization on foot. Back home, his wife Noelle (Elizabeth McGovern) and colleagues start to fear the worst.
1516	Wedding Gift, The (1994)	Drama	A gift or present is an item given to someone (who is not already the owner) without the expectation of payment or anything in return. Although gift-giving might involve an expectation of reciprocity, a gift is intended to be free. In many countries, the act of mutually exchanging money, goods, etc., may sustain social relationships and contribute to social cohesion. Economists have elaborated the economics of gift-giving into the notion of a gift economy. By extension, the term gift can refer to any item or act of service that makes the other happier or less sad, especially as a favor, including forgiveness and kindness. Gifts are often presented on occasions such as birthdays and holidays.
1517	Race the Sun (1996)	Drama	In Hawaii, Sandra Beecher arrives at Kona Pali High School for her first day as a teacher after the residing science teacher quit. Upon arriving she instantly meets Frank Machi, the shop teacher, who orients her. In her first class she meets several students. These include Daniel Webster, a surfer and aspiring designer, Marco Quito, an outspoken and flashy cool kid, Gilbert Tutu, an overweight and shy, yet brilliant computer geek, Oni Nagano, a whiny valley girl of Japanese descent, Eduardo Braz, a young mechanic who is quick to defend his heritage and his friends from insults, and Luana Kanahele, Eduardo's girlfriend. Sandra is quick to confess to her class that she doesn't teach science, but English, yet emphasizes that unlike the other teachers she intends to push them through their classes despite their self-declared "lolo" (stupid) status.In a teacher's meeting, Sandra attempts unsuccessfully to raise awareness for the science fair that week since no students at Kona Pali are participating. Her attempts are rebuffed due to a looming sense of hopelessness regarding what can be accomplished at the school. Frank chides her and tells her that she will understand with time. Daniel's design for an experimental surfboard is rejected by his boss at his job, unmotivatingly telling him to stick to the preset designs. The next day, Sandra calls Daniel, Braz, Marco, Gilbert, Oni, and Luana. The six being the only students to not offer a proposal for a science project so she requires them to attend the district science fair the following night in order to come up with ideas.At the fair, a solar car model done by Sutcliffe Academy is showcased as being an entry for the upcoming Hawaiian inter-island solar car race. Jack Fryman, marketing vice-president of Celtech Corporation and the father of Steve Fryman, one of the students involved, announces that the winner of that race will be admitted into the World Solar Challenge, a six-day race held in Australia. Gilbert and Daniel express interest but they're rebuffed by the rest claiming it to be more of a "haole" affair. When Daniel begins to admire the mini-model of the solar car, Steve instantly harasses him and tells him not to go near their car, calling him a lolo in the process. The other students arrive and Marco instantly begins to trade words with Steve, and Sandra attempts to defuse the situation by getting them to walk away. Steve, however, directs one last sexually degrading comment towards Luana, which causes Braz to punch him. Jack Fryman arrives and Steve claims that Braz attacked him for no reason, Jack then has security called to escort him out calling Braz an animal.In Saturday detention, the six start talking once the supervising teacher leaves. The blame eventually landing on Daniel for their situation, and Braz instantly attacks Daniel calling him a haole given what happened and how Daniel acted throughout. Daniel tells Braz he is just as local as the rest of them, to which Braz proposes retaliating violently against the Sutcliffe team. Daniel simply shows him a sketch for a solar car, as an alternative means of fighting back against what happened. Once released from detention, the six students visit Sandra's home and show her the sketch as their proposal for the science project. The six are determined to do it despite the race only being two months away, regardless of whether or not they receive credit for it since they want to get back at Sutcliffe. Braz being the mechanic, Daniel being the designer and handler of fiber glass, Marco offering himself as the lead driver, Gilbert's computer knowledge is also employed while Luana is left to eventually think of a position with the team. Oni then introduces Uni Kakamura, a math prodigy who is just as shy and soft-spoken as Gilbert as an addition to the team, and Daniel says he could bring someone else in. Sandra eventually relents and agrees.That night, Daniel talks to Cindy Johnson, his willful and rebellious stepsister and after a slight argument between them and Daniel's father, Cindy agrees to join them. The team then starts to work on the car, yet Daniel's design proves to be too hard for them to manifest. Sandra talks to Frank to ask for his help, but refuses by pointing out that the students are lolos with no drive or higher aspirations beyond being low income, minimum wage workers. Gilbert, however, refuses to give up on the project and refuses to get out of the skeleton of the car even after falling under his weight. Frank tells Sandra that he would handle the situation, and simply tells him to stay in the car all the time he wants after she leaves.The next morning Daniel wakes up to see a cockroach walking through his dresser and has an epiphany for a more ergonomic design. Getting the team back together, they work and manage to build Daniel's second design in time for the race and name it "Cockroach". At a teacher's meeting not far from the race, Sandra states that if the Kona Pali team wins the inter-island race and goes to Australia they will need a male chaperone. Frank is given the chance and signs the paper after some goading by Sandra.The day of the race, Daniel has the sudden idea to put in an extra battery in the car. Daniel being a surfer is capable of predicting sky conditions, and claims that the sky will cloud over that afternoon. Due to that strategy, the Kona Pali team is able to outperform everyone else and barely qualify by completing the required hundred laps, defeating Sutcliffe Academy and a resentful Steve in the process.Jack Fryman attempts to have the Cockroach rebuilt and redesigned to have Celtech's solar panels after being pressured by his superiors, but the team refuses with Braz emphasizing that their car was built by "animals". Arriving in Australia, the drivers are weighed in and Gilbert registers himself as an alternate. The students are nearly demoralized when seeing the arrival of Hans Kooiman and the Euro Team as well as several other entries, but are reassured that they are here to race like everyone else. The night before the first day, Sandra announces that a captain must be chosen and Daniel is nominated due to the double battery idea that got them there.On the first day the Cockroach suffers a busted ball joint. Jack Fryman tells them to either fix the car or leave the race, Frank threatens Jack not to interfere again. The team eventually manages to repair the car, but fall greatly behind as a result. When reaching their camping stop for the night, they're told not to despair since the highway can play tricks and even the odd. On the second day things go smoothly until a sand storm hits that damages several cars, but the cockroach and Cindy survive intact. That night, Frank tells Sandra that he made it to Kona Pali because of Gilbert. Gilbert's father, John Francis Tutu, was a machinist on the USS Clark where a 22 year-old Frank was also stationed. One day an oxygen tank blew up and killed four men, including Gilbert's father who jumped in front of Frank to save his life.On the third day they arrive at the halfway point of the race, interrupting Hans Kooiman's interview. Upon arriving, Luana is named their spokeswoman. That night at the hotel, Marco mocks Gilbert for being a registered driver, and Cindy tells Uni that she should be more assertive against Oni, who tends to boss her around. Later on at a reception dinner, Marco and Oni dance with the local Australians while Sandra and Frank have dinner and talk about their respective divorces before being brought onto the dance floor by Marco and Oni respectively. Gilbert and Uni look on and decide they don't want to dance, with a mutual attraction growing between them. As Braz and Luana walk through the nearby streets, they see Jack talking to Daniel, having approached him moments earlier in an attempt to persuade him and the team to drop out of the race. Moments later, Daniel sees Cindy on a bike while drinking from a flask.On the fourth day Cindy can't drive well due to the hangover, and is disqualified from driving for the rest of the race for drinking while in a school sponsored event. Daniel reveals himself to be the one who looked through her belongings and exposed her. Cindy runs off to be alone and Daniel follows her and tries to talk some sense into her, but she rejects him. On the fifth day Oni suffers from a fever and is rendered unable to continue. Marco then goes head to head with Hans Kooiman and are both barely missed by two road trains. When Daniel tries to apologize, Hans is hostile. Braz tries to defuse the situation and Hans spits at him in an attempt to instigate a fight but Braz restrains himself. Braz then attacks Daniel, claiming to be the one having to fight his fights after he screws up and revealing that he saw him talking to Jack and accuses him of trying to sabotage them on purpose and once more calling him a Haole. Daniel then resigns as captain and gives Braz the position. That night the atmosphere among them all is deathly quiet, with Braz quietly voicing his fears and concerns to Luana.On the final day, Marco also suffers from the heat and becomes delirious while in the car causing it to swerve onto the dry sand as Hans and his team pass them. Uni being the only one left takes the wheel while the rest follow her. The Cockroach suffers an electrical fire, however, and swerves off of the road onto the edge of a small cliff. Daniel and Braz try to save her together, but Gilbert simply comes and smashes the windshield to get her out while Frank puts the fire out. While checking the gauges, Braz determines that the car still runs and can therefore still make it. Frank claims they're out of drivers, but Gilbert offers himself showing that he is registered with Marco's confirmation. Frank tells him that the car won't move with him inside and then goes on to tell the students that because of their efforts in this race being the first high school team to ever enter it that they can never be called Lolos again. Daniel responds by saying that in his own eyes he will always be a Lolo if they quit now, which is what's expected of them. Daniel then theorizes that the car will walk with Gilbert driving it if the solar panels are dropped, Braz and Daniel put their differences aside and Braz tells Daniel to lead them.Hans' solar car is stuck in a ditch as Gilbert slowly passes him and the Euro team. Gilbert drives with cheers and encouragement from the rest of the team but begins to doubt himself when approaching a hill before the finish line. The Cockroach crawls and the rest of the team runs to his side to keep him from giving in, with Uni finally standing up to Oni as Hans passes them smugly. Through their encouragement, Gilbert is finally able to pass over the hill and Marco gets on the back of the Cockroach to coach him as they gain momentum and catch up to Hans. Eventually using a maneuver to cause Hans' car to flip over on momentum, the Kona Pali team is cleared to finish in third place, much to Jack Fryman's dismay. Not long before reaching however, the wheels detach under the weight and strain. Gilbert and Marco are left dragging towards the finish line as the audience rises to its feet in anticipation. The Cockroach barely arrives and crosses the finish line, officially finishing the race. Both the team and the Kona Pali community watching from Hawaii celebrate the victory, with Gilbert and Uni kissing as well as Oni kissing Marco. Daniel and Cindy put aside their differences and refers to herself as Daniel's sister.
1518	Losing Isaiah (1995)	Drama	Khaila Richards (Halle Berry) is an African-American woman struggling with an addiction to crack cocaine. Desperate for drugs, she places her infant son, Isaiah, in a box and leaves him in an alley behind a crack house. Khaila promises to come back for Isaiah but later passes out from a crack cocaine binge. The next day, Isaiah narrowly escapes death by a garbage truck and is rushed to the hospital, where doctors discover that he is also addicted to crack cocaine because of his mother using it while she was pregnant with him. Khaila later awakens and returns to the alley where she left Isaiah and is horrified to discover that he is gone.While caring for Isaiah, Margaret Lewin, (Jessica Lange), a white social worker, grows increasingly fond of him. Eventually, she adopts Isaiah and brings him home to live with her family, which includes husband Charles (David Strathairn), and daughter Hannah. Meanwhile, Khaila is caught shoplifting and sent to rehab, unaware Isaiah is still alive.Three years later, Khaila successfully completes her treatment and confesses to her case worker that she abandoned Isaiah. Without Khaila’s knowledge, the case worker investigates further and discovers that Isaiah is alive and adopted by the Lewins. They hire a lawyer, Kadar Lewis (Samuel L. Jackson) to contest the adoption and help Khaila regain custody of Isaiah. A custody battle ensues with racial and social issues at the forefront. Kailah’s lawyer argues that Isaiah belongs with his biological mother and that the Lewins lack the cultural awareness to raise an African-American son. The Lewins argue Kaihla is unfit due to her past drug addiction, abandoning Isaiah, and limited financial resources. In the end, the judge makes the difficult decision to overturn the adoption and return Isaiah to Khaila’s custody, much to the Lewins' horror and sadness.After weeks pass, Isaiah does not consider Khaila his mother and struggles to adapt to the home she has created for him. He becomes increasingly withdrawn and prone to violent public outbursts. Eventually, Khaila, desperate for Isaiah's happiness, asks Margaret to return to Isaiah’s life on a temporary basis; however, she insists she will also continue to be involved for the foreseeable future. The two mothers embrace each other, both proclaiming their equally strong motherly love for Isaiah. The two mothers then begin together playing building blocks with their beloved boy in a classroom.
1519	New Jersey Drive (1995)	Crime, Drama	New Jersey Drive is a 1995 crime drama film written and directed by Nick Gomez and executive produced by Spike Lee. The film is about joyriding teenagers in 1990s Newark, New Jersey, then known as the "car theft capital of the world". The film was an official selection at the 1995 Sundance Film Festival.
1520	Fear, The (1995)	Horror	A group of dysfunctional university students take a weekend retreat as part of a thesis study for Richard Strand, a psychology student studying fear, at his family's rural vacation cabin. Upon arrival, the group find a life-size wooden mannequin, "Morty," in the house. Richard reveals that Morty was a childhood toy of his, and he intends to use Morty as a soundboard for each of the individuals to confess their fears to. Only Richard's girlfriend, Ashley, is reluctant to participate.Richard conducts a group session in which the participants explain their fears to Morty. Troy, a joking stoner, laughs off the exercise, though Leslie, Troy's elder foster sister, admits her fear of aging, while Vance declares his greatest fear is poverty. Richard's uncle Pete unexpectedly arrives, interrupting the session, with his younger girlfriend, Tanya. Pete invites himself to stay, despite Richard's insistence that the group remain a controlled study. Later that night, Tanya confesses her fear of water to Morty, while Mindy admits her fear of heights; Mindy's boyfriend, Gerald, tells her in private that he fears religion, as he was raised by a Christian zealot. Richard himself admits to Morty that he is afraid of commitment, and cites his mother's death in the cabin as a significant childhood trauma.Tanya has a breakthrough with Richard, in which he reveals her fear of water is actually a metaphor for her fear of emotions, which he surmises based on Jungian theory. Meanwhile, Morty begins to surface inexplicably in different places at the cabin, posed outside windows and in the hot tub. When Richard accuses Ashley of placing Morty in the hot tub to frighten Tanya, Ashley returns his engagement ring to him. When asked where Morty came from, Richard recounts how his grandfather acquired Morty from a Native American man who carved the mannequin for him.The group go out for a night out at a local Christmas-themed amusement park owned by Uncle Pete. Mindy is attacked in the park by an unseen assailant and raped. Gerald goes missing, and the group suspect their troubled acquaintance, Vance, is responsible, as he has made numerous sexual advances toward Mindy; furthermore, Ashley believes Vance could be the unknown rapist who has been sexually assaulting women on campus.Vance flees back to the cabin with the intention of stealing money he suspects is concealed in the house. Upon arriving, he discovers the money beneath a floor hatch, but is killed by an unseen assailant and dragged under. The others arrive shortly after, but cannot locate Vance, and subsequently find their tires slashed. Pete and Tanya leave to the Christmas Village to obtain a vehicle, but become separated. Upon arriving at the park, Pete finds Gerald's crucified body in one of the buildings.Meanwhile, at the cabin, Troy attempts to initiate sex with Leslie, but stops when Leslie implies she is Troy's biological mother. Traumatized, Troy flees into the woods. Leslie follows, only to find Morty dressed in Troy's clothes; in a matter of moments, Leslie quickly ages. Richard, after checking on Mindy, finds her apparently possessed, and able to animate Morty. Speaking through Mindy, Morty accuses Richard of causing his mother's death: Richard's father murdered her after Richard found her in bed with a lover, and buried her body in the woods. Richard and Mindy's physical fight ends with him throwing her out a window to her death.Ashley flees the cabin, and encounters Troy in the woods, who reveals himself to be the campus rapist. He attempts to assault her, but Ashley kills him by striking him with a large branch. Uncle Pete returns to the cabin alone, and Richard explains his recollection of how his mother was killed. Pete denies this occurred, but Richard subsequently realizes Pete was the one having the affair with his mother, after spotting a matching tattoo on his shoulder. Ashley and Richard flee the cabin, with an animated Morty pursuing them. In the woods, Richard confronts his mother's grave, facing his greatest fear. They subsequently save Tanya, who is being attacked by Morty. Richard and Morty face off, and Morty relents, calmly walking into a pond and disappearing into the water.Sometime later, the cabin is put up to sale and is visited by a real estate agent and a couple.  Their son Corey disappears deep into the woods while playing with his soccer ball.  After throwing his soccer ball out of view, Corey comes across Morty, having returned from the water and covered in lake weeds.  They stare for a tense moment.  After being asking if he is a good guy or bad guy, Morty kicks the soccer ball back to Corey.
1521	Mr. Wonderful (1993)	Comedy, Romance	Electrician Gus gets the chance to fulfill a childhood dream by buying an old bowling-alley with some of his friends. Unfortunately, due to the alimony payments he has to make to his ex-wife Leonora, the bank refuses to loan him the down payment. Knowing that when she marries again she loses her alimony rights, Gus tries to speed things up by bringing Leonora together with all the potential husbands he can find. Gus DeMarco, an electrician, is with his girlfiend Rita and wants to purchase an old bowling alley with his friends. Gus has a classic convertible car and seems a likable blue collar hard worker.The problem is that he still pays alimony to his ex-wife, Leonora. Gus realizes that if Leonora remarries, he can stop paying alimony, and attempts to match Leonora with various men.Leonora is in college and seems to prefer intellectuals, not blue collar Gus.Leonora has several would-be suitors, including one who upsets her because he is pushy, so she goes to complain to Gus about it. Afterwards, she has him to dinner. As he is leaving, her professor boyfriend Tom Gough shows up directly after, upsetting Gus. Gus knows Leonora can do better as Tom is married and just using Leonora.In the course of his match-making, Gus' girlfriend, Rita Calley, breaks up with him on the day they were meant to move in together. She feels he's still in love with his ex.Gus' workmate describes to him how being in love makes him feel. It inspires him to find Leonora but, seeing her in the botanical garden with Dominic stops him from telling her that he still loves her.On a job, Gus is badly shocked by electricity while saving a workmate. Leonora, similarly to him, realizes she still has feelings for him when she sees him in the hospital. Rita, as she works there, is at his side while he sleeps, so Leonora leaves without talking to him. Once he's discharged, she visits him at his apartment. She had broken up with Tom, and she lets him know that Dominic has asked her to marry him.Gus sells his precious car to have the money to go into the bowling-alley business with his friends, whether he pays alimony or not.In the end, Gus and Leonora discover that they still love each other and reunite.
1522	Trial by Jury (1994)	Thriller	Crime boss Rusty Pirone is about to stand trial again and Daniel Graham of the district attorney's office is determined this time to put him behind bars.Pirone sends one of his henchmen, a burned-out former corrupt cop named Tommy Vesey, to find a way to get him off the charges. Vesey realizes that a hung jury will lead to an acquittal and he investigates all of the jurors with a view to blackmailing them. Unsuccessful in his blackmail investigation, he switches his attention to finding a juror that can be forced to work with him. He identifies single mother Valerie Alston, who he feels could make a difference in the jury room, but can also follow orders. Vesey warns Valerie that unless she cooperates, the Pirone family will kill her son and her elderly father.Meanwhile Graham's key witness dies before making it to court. He sets his investigator John Boyle the task of finding a new witness. First to testify is Hughie Bonner, a former henchman of Rusty's. He identifies Rusty as a key underworld figure, but is easily antagonized by Rusty's lawyer Leo Greco and lunges at Rusty, startling the jury. Greco calls out that Bonner is subject to a deal by Graham and his evidence is tainted because he is a convicted murderer. With no other choice, Graham and Boyle try to convince Rusty's uncle Johnny Verona to testify. Boyle finds video evidence of Johnny with another inmate in an intimate position in prison, indicating Johnny may be gay. Graham pressurizes Johnny to do the right thing or risk being outed. With no other choice, Johnny agrees and testifies against Rusty, linking him to the murders and seemingly sealing Rusty's fate.Valerie attempts multiple times during the trial to find a way out of her predicament, but is stopped each time by Vesey. Rusty eventually breaks into her apartment and threatens her and her family. With no other options available, Valerie reluctantly complies. When the jury moves to deliberation, the eleven other jurors vote guilty while Valerie holds out. She incurs the wrath of many of them, who feel Pirone's guilt is obvious. She manipulates the deliberation procedure to highlight perceived discrepancies in Graham's case turning the jury against one another and against her. One by one, three of the jury members decide to vote her way.Pirone goes free. Graham is furious and unable to believe he could lose an open-and-shut case. He tasks Boyle with finding out what went wrong. Boyle poles each of the jurors who found Rusty not guilty and they each call out Valerie's role in convincing them to change their verdict. Graham suspecting that Valerie may have been tampered with, meets with her discretely and tries to pressure her. Valerie adamantly denies any wrongdoing.Pirone now free is worried that Valerie will eventually turn on him and he tasks Vesey and some thugs with monitoring her. Vesey though has fallen for the innocent Valerie and tries to protect her. However, after Graham is seen leaving her apartment, Rusty panics and orders a hit on her.Valerie is kidnapped in broad daylight by three of Rusty's thugs and thrown in the trunk of their car. Vesey pursues them and tries to help her escape. In the ensuing shootout, Vesey manages to shoot the thugs, but is mortally wounded. He warns Valerie that the Pirone family will not let her live and she needs to sort things with Rusty directly.With nowhere else to turn, Valerie decides to use all of the skills she picked up while manipulating the jury and turn the tables on Rusty. She goes to his hideout dressed in a vintage dress and tries to seduce him. Rusty appears to fall for the ruse and starts to kiss Valerie. Suddenly he turns on Valerie and attempts to smother her. Valerie removes an ice pick from her purse and stabs Rusty to death. She then escapes the hideout and returns to her life.Later, Graham meets Boyle in the aftermath of the shootout. Boyle identifies Vesey's body among those of the thugs, and also tells Graham that Rusty has disappeared. They suspect that the Pirone family had enough of Rusty and may have murdered him. Graham confronts Valerie at her son's football game. He explains that he is not wearing a wire, but he needs to know how a good person like her could help a violent thug like Rusty. Valerie gives an unremarkable answer, but alludes to the fact that she had to protect her son and father.
1523	Good Man in Africa, A (1994)	Action, Adventure	Morgan Leafy is a British diplomat living in Kinjanja, an African nation which has recently become independent from British rule. Arthur Fanshawe, a new diplomat eager to leave Africa, learns that Kinjanja sits on top of a huge oil reserve. Unfortunately, Morgan is too preoccupied with alcohol and women to know what to do with the oil. To make matters worse, a woman is struck by lightning on the British compound, creating a tense political situation with the Kinjanja government.
1524	Kaspar Hauser (1993)	Drama	The film follows Kaspar Hauser, who has lived the first seventeen years of his life chained in a tiny cellar with only a toy horse to occupy his time, devoid of all human contact except for a man wearing a black overcoat and top hat, who fed him.One day, in 1828, the same man takes Hauser out of his cell, teaches him a few phrases, and how to walk, before leaving him in the town of Nuremberg. Hauser becomes the subject of much curiosity, and is exhibited in a circus before being rescued by Professor Georg Friedrich Daumer, who patiently attempts to transform him.Hauser soon learns to read and write, and develops unorthodox approaches to logic and religion; but music is what pleases him most. He attracts the attention of academics, clergy and nobility. He is then physically attacked by the same unknown man who brought him to Nuremberg. The attack leaves him unconscious with a bleeding head. He recovers, but is again mysteriously attacked; this time, stabbed in the chest.Hauser rests in bed describing visions he has had of nomadic Berbers in the Sahara, and then dies. An autopsy reveals an enlarged liver and cerebellum.
1525	Object of My Affection, The (1998)	Comedy, Romance	Social worker Nina Borowski is a young woman living in a Brooklyn apartment. Nina attends a party given by her stepsister Constance and her husband, Sidney. There, Nina meets George Hanson, a young first-grade teacher, who is gay, and his boyfriend Dr. Robert Joley. Nina tells George that her stepsister is constantly trying to fix her up with somebody from higher society, since she disapproves of Nina's boyfriend Vince. Then Nina offers George a room in her apartment as she has just been told by Robert that George is looking for somewhere to live. Since this is news to George, he is taken aback and heartbroken, and after the party, the two split up. George accepts Nina's offer and moves into her apartment.The two soon become good friends, watching films together and going ballroom dancing. When Nina announces that she is pregnant, Vince, the baby's father, wants to marry her, but she declines and they break up. George offers to help raise the child. For some time, they live happily together in her apartment, until Nina finds that her love for George is growing every day, especially after he tells her he had a girlfriend in high school, leading her to believe they might develop a romantic relationship.One afternoon, George and Nina kiss and start to become intimate when George gets a phone call from Robert, telling George he has missed him and inviting him away for the weekend. George is confused but agrees to go. Nina feels rejected and jealous. Over the weekend, George and Robert do not re-establish their relationship, but George meets Paul James, a young actor, and the two are attracted to each other. Meanwhile, Nina stays with Constance at a vacation mansion and is extremely moody. Not enjoying herself, she decides to head back home on a late bus, and phones to ask George to go along with her, but he wants to stay with Paul. Back in Brooklyn, her purse is snatched and a friendly police officer, Louis, gives her a ride home.Nina invites Paul and his older acting mentor with whom he lives, Rodney, for Thanksgiving, after a rather prickly brunch with a late arriving George, his brother Frank, and his brother's latest fiancée. After the evening winds down, Paul stays the night with George, resulting in a heated argument between George and Nina, and heartache for Rodney.At Frank's wedding, Nina and George continue their discussion as Nina begins to realize the reality of their situation. Nina fully explains to George her feelings for him. George, who loves Nina as his best friend, tells her that, ultimately, he wants to be with Paul. A few hours later, Nina gives birth to a baby girl she names Molly. Vince, ecstatic, visits her in the hospital, but when he leaves to complete paperwork, Nina and George remain alone with Molly. Nina asks George to move out of her apartment before she gets home from the hospital, stating that it would hurt her too much to have him stay while knowing that he doesn't love her the same way she does him.Eight years later at George's school, everyone goes to see Molly in a musical production that George has directed. George is now the principal of the school, Nina is in a relationship with Louis, and George is still with Paul. Rodney is also there, still considered 'one of the family' by Louis and Nina. Nina, George, and young Molly (who refers to George as her "Uncle George") walk together, hand-in-hand, on their way to get coffee and talk.
1526	Witness (1985)	Drama, Romance, Thriller	In a quiet Amish community outside Lancaster, Pennsylvania, friends and family attend the funeral of Jacob Lapp, leaving behind his wife, Rachel, and eight-year-old son, Samuel. Rachel and Samuel travel by train to visit Rachel's sister, which takes them into Philadelphia. While at the 30th Street Station waiting for a connecting train, Samuel goes into the men's room and witnesses the murder of undercover police officer Detective Ian Zenovich.Detective Captain John Book and his partner, Sergeant Elton Carter, are assigned to the case. They question Samuel, who is unable to identify the perpetrator from mugshots or a lineup. Samuel then sees a newspaper clipping in a trophy case of narcotics officer Lieutenant James McFee and points him out to Book as the murderer.Book investigates McFee and discovers that he was previously responsible for a seizure of expensive chemicals used to make black-market amphetamine, after which the chemicals disappeared. Book surmises that McFee sold the chemicals back to drug dealers, and Zenovich was investigating. Book expresses his suspicions to Chief of Police Paul Schaeffer, who advises Book to keep the case secret so that they can determine how to proceed. Book is later ambushed in his apartment parking garage by McFee, who shoots and wounds him before fleeing. Since only Schaeffer knew of Book's suspicions, Book realizes that Schaeffer is corrupt and tipped off McFee.Knowing that Samuel and Rachel are now in danger, Book orders Carter to hide their police files. He then drives them back to their farm. While beginning his drive back to Philadelphia, he passes out from his wounds and crashes into their birdhouse. Rachel insists that he be taken to a hospital, but Book refuses and states that going there would allow him and, by extension, them to be found. Rachel's father-in-law, Eli, reluctantly agrees to shelter Book.Book slowly recovers in their care and begins to blend into the Amish community and lifestyle. He and Rachel develop feelings for each other, which becomes a source of friction for Daniel Hochleitner (a neighbor who had hoped to court Rachel after her husband's death). Book's relationship with the Amish community deepens as they learn that he is skilled at carpentry and seems like a decent, hard-working man. He is invited to participate in a barn raising for a newly-married couple, gaining Hochleitner's respect. However, the attraction between Book and Rachel is evident and causes gossip in the tight-knit community.Meanwhile, Schaeffer searches for Book by contacting authorities in the Amish area. However, since Amish communities have no modern means of communication and little contact with the outside world, he hits repeated dead ends.When Book goes into town with Eli to use a payphone to call his precinct, he learns that Carter was killed in the line of duty. Realizing that Schaeffer was behind it, Book calls him at his home (where the call cannot be traced), chastises him for being corrupt and threatens to kill him. As they leave town, a group of locals harass the Amish. Book retaliates, breaking with the Amish tradition of non-violence. The assault is reported to the local police, and word eventually gets back to Schaeffer.Upset with Book over the assault, Eli orders him to leave. Rachel approaches Book in a field, where they passionately embrace, finally acting on their feelings. Soon after, Schaeffer, McFee and another corrupt cop, Sergeant Leon "Fergie" Ferguson, arrive at the Lapp farm and take Rachel and Eli hostage. Eli manages to alert Book, and Book tells Samuel to hide at Hochleitner's farm. Book tricks Fergie into the corn silo and suffocates him under tons of corn, then uses Fergie's shotgun to kill McFee. Schaeffer holds Rachel and Eli at gunpoint, but Samuel secretly comes back to ring the Lapp farm's bell. Book confronts Schaeffer, who threatens to kill Rachel, but the bell has alerted and summoned all of the neighbors. With so many witnesses present, Schaeffer surrenders and is later arrested.With Rachel and Samuel no longer in danger, Book departs for Philadelphia, bidding farewell. Before he drives off, Eli wishes Book well by saying, "You be careful out there among them English.”
1527	Senseless (1998)	Comedy	Darryl Witherspoon is an economics student at Stratford University, who does not have the advantages of his wealthy nemesis, Scott Thorpe, or his best friend Tim LaFlour, straight edge punk rocker who has a hockey scholarship. Darryl is so broke he donates four pints of blood in one day (playing a different character each time) and four vials of sperm in one day. Darryl's big break comes when he enters a competition, where the winner gets a high-paying Wall Street job. But when Scott enters the competition, it seems Darryl's break has gone down the drain.  He takes on a high-paying experiment to test a drug that enhances the five senses. Darryl uses it to his advantage and he impresses the competition's supervisor, Mr. Tyson and he even joins the hockey team as a goalie. But after taking an extra dose one night, he experiences side effects. The experiment's supervisor, Dr. Thomas Wheedon, tells Darryl only four of his senses will work at a time until the drug leaves his body.As Darryl struggles, Tim thinks that his friend is on heroin and gets worried about him. Darryl's luck then starts going down the drain as he loses the hockey game because his sense of sight is lost. He also mistakenly confesses love to his girlfriend's father who he thinks is his girlfriend as his sense of sight is lost. Her father turns out to be Mr. Tyson. He also acts very clumsily (because of the loss of the ability to see) during the basketball game he is invited to see with a client who needs to be impressed in order for Darryl to score some points with the Smythe-Bates guys. Luckily, the client thinks Darryl is just funny and signs a contract with the company.As the story progresses, Darryl asks his friend Tim to help him study for the next day's interview.  At that exact moment, Scott studies for the test with the aid of his rich father's employees. Scott is shown to answer a question correctly but he does not know the reason behind it, he ignores the question. The next day, the drug leaves Darryl's system and now all his five senses operate normally. During the interview, it comes down to Darryl and Scott, Scott is asked the same question he was asked last night, he answers it correctly, but when asked the reason, he does not know, Darryl steps in, gives the  correct reason and scores the position of junior analyst at Smythe-Bates. But in his speech, he confesses that he cheated by taking an experimental drug. A meeting is called to decide his fate and Mr. Tyson tells him that he himself started out in the mail room and Darryl should too, if he serves one year duty in the mail room, he will score the position of junior analyst. The story skips a year and Darryl is shown to ask his mom to move into a deluxe apartment. The movie ends with Darryl entering the Smythe-Bates building on his first day, with a familiar-looking doorman.
1528	Nowhere (1997)	Drama	In Los Angeles, Dark and Mel are a bisexual couple in an open relationship. Mel is dating a girl named Lucifer, whom Dark hates, while Dark is interested in a mysterious man named Montgomery. The three of them meet up at a café they frequent, where they encounter other teenagers they know, such as Alyssa, Dingbat and Egg and Dark's friend Cowboy, and they discuss a party being held that night by a man they know named Jujyfruit. Egg runs into an unnamed TV star from Baywatch (played by Baywatch actor Jaason Simmons).Cowboy tells Dark about his boyfriend Bart's heroin addiction. He offers Bart the chance to fix their relationship if he stops using drugs, but he declines. Alyssa and Dingbat meet with Ducky, Egg's brother and Dingbat's crush, before Alyssa meets up with her boyfriend Elvis. While waiting at a bus stop, Dark witnesses three valley girls killed by an alien, which he tries to catch on video before it disappears.At the Baywatch star's place, he and Egg watch TV together before he tries to make a move on her. She rejects his advances, and he violently rapes her. Dark and his friends play a drug-induced game of kick the can, during which Montgomery gets abducted by the same alien from earlier, whom Dark runs into in a locker room. Egg and Bart both return home and watch the same televangelist, Moses Helper, on TV, who encourages the two to commit suicide in order to reach heaven.When he fails to convince Mel to become monogamous at Jujyfruit's party, Dark goes outside and is joined by Dingbat. Suddenly, Ducky, after hearing about his sister's suicide, leaps into a swimming pool, with Dingbat performing CPR on him. Going back into the party, Dark enters a kitchen where he sees the same alien from earlier. He meets with Handjob and begins to tell him about his day before Alyssa and Elvis arrive. Elvis claims Handjob sold him bad drugs and beats him to death with a can of tomato soup.Dark returns home and records a diary entry on his video camera, saying how he is "totally doomed". As he attempts to sleep, Montgomery knocks on his window. Dark lets him in as he explains that he was abducted and experimented on by aliens who intend to invade Earth. The two lie down in bed together and Montgomery asks if he can spend the night, with Dark agreeing only if he promises to never leave. The two close their eyes but are disturbed, as Montgomery goes into a coughing fit, then explodes into a shower of blood, leaving only a cockroach-like alien who utters, "I'm outta here", before crawling out of the window. A blood-covered Dark sits in stunned silence, before screaming out in horror and anguish.
1529	Underground (1995)	War	On the morning of 6 April 1941 in Belgrade, the capital of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, two bon vivants, Petar Popara, nicknamed Crni (Blacky) and Marko Dren, head home. They pass through Kalemegdan and shout salutes to Marko's brother Ivan, an animal keeper in the Belgrade Zoo. Marko lets Blacky's pregnant wife Vera know that they have enrolled Blacky in the Communist Party (KPJ).
1530	Jefferson in Paris (1995)	Drama	Set in the period 1784–1789, the film portrays Jefferson when he was US minister to France at Versailles before the French Revolution. French liberals and intellectuals hope he will lead them away from the corruption of the court of King Louis XVI and Queen Marie Antoinette and toward a more democratic form of government. Although deploring the poverty of the common people, he embraces the riches of French culture and civilization. It is his first time abroad, and he takes advantage of the opportunity to extend his knowledge of liberal arts and science while absorbing the refinements France has to offer.A lonely widower, Jefferson develops a close friendship with Maria Cosway, a beautiful (and married) Anglo-Italian painter and musician. Although she becomes increasingly devoted to him, he is attached to his memory of his late wife, to whom he promised that he would not remarry, and to his two younger daughters. Patsy, his eldest daughter, is especially possessive and becomes jealous of Maria's influence on her father. Maria becomes his confidant and correspondent, and their relationship soon becomes romantic, though it is complicated by Maria's marriage and Thomas's vow to his late wife never to remarry.Later, Jefferson becomes attracted to Sally Hemings, his enslaved maid and companion of his younger daughter Polly. Three-quarters white in ancestry, she is his late wife's half-sister. Their father had taken Sally's slave mother as a concubine after he was widowed for the third time; Sally is the sixth of their children. Sally's enslaved brother James Hemings is also in Paris, training to be a French chef for Jefferson at Monticello. It is strongly implied that Jefferson begins a sexual relationship with Sally, which Patsy is aware of and disgusted by. She implies the truth to Maria, who witnesses the familiarity between Jefferson and Sally first-hand and, already having felt neglected by Jefferson, swiftly ends her relationship with him.When George Washington offers Jefferson the post of Secretary of State, he accepts and prepares to sail home with his family. Sally reveals to James that she is pregnant by Jefferson, but James, having enjoyed his freedom in Paris, is unwilling to return to the United States and urges Sally to remain with him for the sake of her child. It is only when Jefferson promises, making an oath upon the Bible, that he will give James and Sally their freedom that they consent to return with him. Jefferson extends his oath to promise freedom to all of Sally's children as well upon his death, with Patsy bearing witness and swearing to carry out his promise.
1531	Far From Home: The Adventures of Yellow Dog (1995)	Adventure, Children's	Thirteen-year-old Angus McCormick lives near a small town in British Columbia with his parents John and Katherine and eight-year-old brother Silas. He runs his paper route, learns wilderness skills from his father, and spends time with his friends David and Sara. One afternoon, Angus finds a stray Yellow Labrador Retriever that he names Yellow.Several days later, while Angus, his father, and Yellow Dog are traveling along the coast of British Columbia, turbulent waters capsize their boat. John is rescued by helicopter and transported to a hospital for minor injuries, but Angus and Yellow are stranded on the coast far from civilization. After spending nine days on the shore, Angus realizes that he and Yellow must reach civilization on their own. With the nearest lighthouse located about twenty miles south, he begins his journey across one of the largest wildernesses in the province.Over the next several days, Angus struggles to find food to sustain himself and Yellow. One day, he tumbles down a cliff, breaking his left wrist. Later that day, Angus spots the lighthouse on a hill on the other side of a lake. He builds a raft and with the aid of his dog paddles to the opposite shore.Angus and Yellow reach the lighthouse but find it deserted with no additional food or supplies. Angus discovers a logging road running down another hill several miles away and decides to head there in the hopes of finding help. They reach a narrow gorge with a river below. Angus finds a fallen tree across the top of the gorge and decides to cross it, but the other side is blocked by other fallen trees.Just as Angus and Yellow begin to give up hope, a plane flies overhead. The pilot informs the rescue teams of his discovery, and a rescue helicopter is dispatched to pick up the boy and dog. One of the search team members is lowered and grabs Angus, but Yellow is knocked off the tree into the river. He survives the fall and swims to shore, but he is left to fend for himself.Angus blames himself for losing Yellow but refuses to give up hope that his dog is still alive. One afternoon,  he blows his dog whistle one last time and an exhausted Yellow appears. Angus and his family rejoice over the return of Yellow.
1532	Foreign Student (1994)	Drama	When young French student Philippe Leclerc (Marco Hofschneider) gets awarded a fellowship to study abroad in the United States, he is thrilled to experience American culture firsthand. Enrolling at a well-regarded university in Virginia, Philippe initially has a difficult time adjusting to his foreign environment. While Philippe gains the attention of an attractive classmate, Sue Ann (Charlotte Ross), he is more intrigued by a beautiful young black woman, April (Robin Givens).
1533	I Don't Want to Talk About It (De eso no se habla) (1993)	Drama	I Don't Want to Talk About It (Spanish: De eso no se habla, Italian: Di questo non si parla) is a 1993 Argentine-Italian drama film directed by María Luisa Bemberg, starring Luisina Brando and Marcello Mastroianni. This film was shot in the historic quarter of Colonia del Sacramento, Uruguay. The script was based on a short story by Julio Llinas.
1534	Twin Town (1997)	Comedy, Crime	Set in Port Talbot and Swansea, the Lewis "twins" of the title are not twins but brothers. They live with their parents and sister Adie in a caravan on a mobile home site. Constantly mocking their sister's employment at a local massage parlour, they spend most of their time joking around, taking drugs and stealing cars.Their father, "Fatty" Lewis, falls from a ladder while doing roofing work for Bryn Cartwright, a wealthy, prominent local businessman and small-time gangster. Laying blame, the twins attempt to demand workers' compensation for the accident. Bryn claims it was a cash arrangement with no legal representation and refuses the request for compensation. The twins take this personally and seek revenge by gatecrashing and ruining a local karaoke competition in which Bryn's daughter, beautiful Bonny is singing, by appearing from back stage and urinating on her during the performance in the Barons nightclub in Swansea. Bryn vows to get even and acquires the help of his associates, two corrupt police officers, Greyo and Terry Walsh to assist him getting revenge on the twins. After several efforts to disrupt their way of life, Bryn appears to succeed by having one of the detectives to assist him in beating up the twins down a back street.As retaliation continues, the feud spirals out of control, progressing with the twins breaking into Bryn's property and beheading the Cartwrights' pet poodle. Terry responds by setting fire to the Lewis' dog's kennel with their pet inside. However, an adjacent gas bottle explodes, destroying the Lewises' mobile home and killing the twins' family. Clearly upset, the twins make arrangements with the local male voice choir and steal their father's hearse at his funeral. Terry meanwhile, much to Greyo's distress, accuses Fatty's co-workers Dai and Chip of destroying the caravan by placing items from the scene of the crime in their builder's van. The twins soon come down from the hills where they have been hiding out and go after Bryn, breaking into his house again and tying him up with washing line rigged to his own electric garage door. The twins ask to borrow Bryn's boat to which he agrees, with the hope of the twins letting him go unhurt. The twins disappear leaving Bryn tied up and at the brink of asphyxiation in his own garage. When his wife Lucy arrives later that evening, she attempts to use the electric gate remote from outside while returning home, causing the garage door to lift, hanging Bryn. On looking under the door and discovering the hanging, Lucy hysterically runs through the house and finds their daughter floating on a lilo in their indoor swimming pool listening to music through headphones, blissfully unaware of what has gone on.The twins consider their job done and carry out their father's wish of having a burial at sea with the assistance of Bryn's boat, with the coffin respectfully draped in the Welsh flag. It is a poignant moment as the local choir (formed from a number of real-life local male voice choirs) sing the Welsh language song Myfanwy at the end of Mumbles Pier. Meanwhile, Terry, terrified and pleading, has been gagged and bound to the coffin, and lowered into the sea just off the pier head of Mumbles Swansea. The coffin floats for a while before the twins make a bet on how long it would stay afloat, seemingly brushing aside the emotion of their father's funeral at sea.The coffin sinks and a few tears are shed by the twins. They then question each other on how far the boat would travel and imply that they would be heading to Morocco. The boat is last seen heading out to sea, driven by the twins to a haunting choir still singing on Mumbles Pier.
1535	Enfer, L' (1994)	Drama	''
1536	Aiqing wansui (1994)	Drama	Hsiao-kang, a young salesman for commercial ossuary, notices a key to a vacant apartment, forgotten by a real estate agent, dangling in its locks and promptly pockets it while no one else is around. He soon moves into one of the bedrooms. One night he attempts to commit suicide by slitting his wrists while lying on the bed, but gets distracted by a noise coming from another corner of the apartment.Meanwhile, Ah-jung is having coffee at a food court when an attractive real estate agent, May Lin, sits at the table next to his. Intrigued after they share a glance, he follows her as she walks down the street. Lin catches on and eventually joins him. She leads him to a vacant apartment that she has on the market—the same apartment that Hsiao-kang is secretly staying in—and they have sex in one of the bedrooms. Hsiao-kang, who is contemplating suicide in another room, hears them and tries to stop the bleeding from his wrists.Ah-jung steals the key to the apartment from May Lin and later returns with his belongings. He moves into one of the adjoining bedrooms. On his first night in the apartment, carrying a melon which he subsequently makes out with and uses as a bowling ball, Ah-jung and Hsiao-kang encounter each other in the apartment and have a short argument.May Lin spends her day trying to sell property. While taking a break, she returns to the apartment when Hsiao-kang and Ah-jung are both there. The two sneak out quietly together and soon form a friendship.One night, Hsiao-kang goes out for a walk and meets Ah-jung selling dresses on the street. May Lin walks past but does not notice them. Soon, Ah-jung joins her at a food stand and the two return to the apartment and sleep together in the same room as they did the first time. Unbeknownst to them, Hsiao-kang is hiding under the bed the entire time, masturbating himself as the bed creaks above him.The next morning, May Lin gets dressed and leaves. Hsiao-kang lies next to the sleeping Ah-jung and kisses him before slowly pulling away. Lin goes to her car but cannot start it, so instead she walks on a path in the unfinished Daan Forest Park. She then sits down on a bench and starts to cry uncontrollably.
1537	Cosi (1996)	Comedy	Lewis Riley, lacking direction, has difficulty holding down a job. He applies for a job as a director/drama teacher at a mental hospital, where he is expected to produce a variety show aimed at the inmates' abilities. During auditions, manic-depressive Roy overwhelms the pushover Lewis, with Roy selecting the six cast members: Ruth, a suicidal woman whose rendition of “I’m So Excited” is dejected; Cherry, a woman prone to false claims of sexual harassment who lusts after Lewis; Julie, a recovering drug addict, the only one who can actually sing; Doug, a cat-burning pyromaniac; Henry, who is completely submissive to Roy; and Zac, an accordion player who aspires to play Ride of the Valkyries wearing a horned Viking helmet.Roy bullies Lewis into directing a production of the Mozart opera Così fan tutte, despite its being elaborate, in Italian, and requiring operatic voices. Errol, a male nurse, suggests to Lewis the way to do it—have the “actors” act out the storyline in translation, set to a background recording of the opera. Lewis grows resourceful in “herding cats”, dealing with the idiosyncrasies of each patient, while developing a genuine attachment for each. Doug burns down the theater, leading to Lewis getting fired. Nevertheless, the patients plead with Lewis to carry on with the project secretly. Lewis agrees to do so, without pay, also taking on acting in Doug’s role, since Doug is now in a locked ward. The patients work together to clean up and transform an old laundry on the hospital premises into a suitable theater and rehearse furtively at night. They must also pretend to rehearse for a variety show during the day under the supervision of an administrator.The theme of Così fan tutte – two friends make a bet as to whether each of their beloveds will stay faithful to them if they approach them in disguise as a test – is explored in Lewis' personal life. Lewis' relationship with his law student girlfriend Lucy, already under pressure, is strained by a friend, Nick. Nick proposes a $50 bet that Lucy will not remain faithful to Lewis. Although Lewis rejects the bet, Nick proceeds behind his back.Lewis’s own fidelity is tested when he is attracted to Julie; they kiss, but Lewis immediately draws a boundary. Doug escapes from the locked ward and comes looking for Lewis at home. When Doug alarms Lucy in the bathtub, Nick is the only one there to protect her.  Lewis arrives in time to note Lucy’s scantily-clad state and Nick by her side. After calming everyone down, Nick takes Doug back to the hospital. Doug cunningly convinces the hospital attendant that Lewis is the escaped inmate; Lewis is sedated and locked in the ward instead. The next morning, Errol, who has been looking the other way on the Cosi production, finds Doug and has Lewis released.On the night of the play, Lucy initially chooses to attend a Legal Aid ball, with Nick as substitute escort, rather than attend the play. A bitter Lewis hands Lucy a $50 bill and tells her to give it to Nick. At the last moment, Roy has stage fright and will not get out of bed. Lewis pushes Roy, reminding him of his passion for the production. Instead of a variety show, the audience—including dignitaries—is surprised by an imaginative and charming production of Così fan tutte. When Henry freezes, Julie performs a show-stopping rendition of Stand By Me. At mid-production, Lucy goes backstage to let Lewis know she has decided his production is important. Nick has explained to her the meaning behind the $50. Lewis accepts her assurance that she has not cheated on him. When Nick turns up, Lewis ends their friendship. Julie informs Lewis that she is being discharged from the hospital, and Lewis offers his continuing friendship. The cast gathers around Lewis to express their appreciation for his commitment to them. Lewis commits to come back next year for another production. At the end of the credits, Zac appears, wearing a horned Viking helmet, playing Ride of the Valkyries.
1538	All Over Me (1997)	Drama	This film focuses on Claude (Alison Folland), a tomboy teenage girl who lives with her divorced mother in Hell's Kitchen, New York City, and is the story of her sexual discovery and budding lesbianism during summer vacation. Claude's best friend is Ellen (Tara Subkoff). Her plan to start a band with Ellen is subverted when Ellen begins dating Mark (Cole Hauser).Claude discovers that Luke (Pat Briggs), a gay musician who has just moved into her apartment building, has been stabbed to death in what might have been a hate crime. Ellen hints at the fact that she was there when Luke was killed, but Claude keeps her mouth shut in order to protect her. Claude then goes to a gay bar and meets Lucy (Leisha Hailey), a pink-haired guitarist who is playing in the house band. Claude goes to Lucy's apartment where they begin to engage in a romantic encounter, but Claude freaks out and leaves, returning to her apartment to find Ellen waiting for her. They have a fight which ends with Claude screaming that she would die without Ellen.Claude goes out along with Ellen and Mark on one of their dates; Mark gives Ellen downers which make her violently ill. Claude brings her to the bathroom and forces her to vomit, and Ellen refers to Claude as her "Knight in Shining Armor." Mark is visibly furious but manages to contain himself. Claude leaves and goes to Lucy's apartment again, but leaves after a brief make-out session. On the way home, Claude is ambushed in the street by Mark, who questions her relationship with Ellen. Claude threatens to tell the police about Mark's possible involvement in Luke's death due in large part that she is worried that he is leading Ellen down a dark path.Claude goes home to find Ellen waiting for her. Claude tells her that they need to tell the police about Mark, but Ellen says she would go to jail if they knew about her involvement. Claude says she would never let that happen. Claude kisses Ellen for the first time and tells her that she loves her. Ellen tells Claude not to say that for she is not interested in Claude romantically, and Claude leaves. The next day, Claude cleans out her room, removing all traces of Ellen. She goes to the police before work. Later, the police comes into her workplace and take Mark away for questioning. Ellen tells Claude that she hates her for ratting her boyfriend out to the police. Claude says that she knows, and that she's sorry but had to do it. Ellen ends her friendship with Claude. Claude then starts seeing Lucy and going out on their first date together.
1539	Being Human (1993)	Drama	Human trafficking is the act of recruiting, transporting, transferring, harboring, or receiving individuals through force, fraud, or coercion for the purpose of exploitation. This exploitation may include forced labor, sexual slavery, or other forms of commercial sexual exploitation. It is considered a serious violation of human rights and a form of modern slavery. Efforts to combat human trafficking involve international laws, national policies, and non-governmental organizations. Human trafficking can occur both within a single country or across national borders. It is distinct from people smuggling, which involves the consent of the individual being smuggled and typically ends upon arrival at the destination. In contrast, human trafficking involves exploitation and a lack of consent, often through force, fraud, or coercion. Human trafficking is widely condemned as a violation of human rights by international agreements such as the United Nations Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons. Despite this condemnation, legal protections and enforcement vary significantly across countries. Globally, millions of individuals, including women, men, and children, are estimated to be victims of human trafficking, enduring forced labor, sexual exploitation, and other forms of abuse.
1540	Amazing Panda Adventure, The (1995)	Adventure, Children's	Panda rescuer Michael Tyler sends his son Ryan in America a plane ticket so that he can visit him in China, where he works with pandas. Ryan is not sure he wants to go, but his mother says he can just come back if he doesn't like it. In China, Michael and his two companions, Ling, a young girl and champion translator, and Chu, Ling's grandfather who is very experienced with giant pandas track down a mother panda and place a radio collar on her while her cub watches nearby. After they leave, she steps into a trap. Back at the reserve, Michael and the staff recognize from the radio signal that the panda is in danger. Just as Michael, Ling and Chu set out to visit the panda, Ryan arrives at the reserve. After some argument, Michael lets him come.The poachers who set up the trap, Shong and Po, take the panda's cub and shoot Michael when he tries to intervene. Michael and the mother panda are returned to the reserve by helicopter, and Ling, Chu, and Ryan look for the poachers. They eventually discover their hideout near a waterfall, and free the panda cub before Chu, Ryan and Ling travel back to wait for the helicopter to arrive.The poachers, upon discovering the cub is missing, shoot the bridge that Ryan and Ling are crossing, and the two of them and the panda cub are washed downstream, but manage to resurface further downriver. The two try to power the radio collar to alert the reserve of their location, but Ryan carelessly springs the battery into the water. They decide to move on and locate the Four Sisters mountain. After a while of venturing, Ryan tries to leave the cub in the forest, deciding that bringing it back to the reserve would result in him no longer seeing his father for further years, but afterwards resents, deciding that his actions would be a mistake. Ryan, Ling and the cub accidentally get washed downstream again; upon resurfacing, the pair realize that they are covered in leeches upon resurfacing and are forced to remove all their clothing and wash themselves off in the lake. Ryan realizes that he can use the battery in his watch to power the radio collar and enable his father to locate them.Attempting to make their way back to the reserve with the cub, they come upon a local Tibetan village that grants them hospitality for protecting the cub, with Ryan and Ling naming the cub "Johnny" after Ryan's friend back home in America. Johnny starts to become weaker and Ryan and Ling discover needs his mother's milk or else he won't survive, so they plan to leave the next day to get back to the reserve via the Four Sisters. However, Shong and Po also arrive the next day. The villagers help the trio escape the village. Upon finally reaching the Four Sisters, Ryan, Ling and Johnny climb the peaks, unaware of Po and Shong following them close behind. Ryan discovers that the trail is a dead end and they can go no further, Po and Shong catch up to them and they stage a fight. Michael arrives and subdues the poachers, and he, Chu, Ryan, Ling, Johnny with Po and Shong tied up, drive back to the reserve. The Chinese committee officials who were going to close the reserve see Ryan returning Johnny, who reunites with its mother and decide to let it remain open. Michael finally reflects over him not spending any time with Ryan and decide that they and Ling can do something big together later on, with the ending scene showing an older Johnny energetically running through a field a while later.
1541	Beans of Egypt, Maine, The (1994)	Drama	Set in the rural town of Egypt, Maine, the Bean family is a large, partly inbred, backwater family who are poor, proud, hated by all in the local community, but alive in the sense that they struggle against their lot and support each other in time of trouble. One member of the large family is Reuben Bean, an alcoholic and brawler who frequently runs afoul of the law. He has a wife named Roberta, and nine children. All this is observed by Earlene, a young woman who lives with her widowed father across the street from the Beans' trailer. The view from her window has been better than any daytime television soap opera since she was a little girl; especially that of a shirtless Beal Bean, Reuben's nephew. Earlene's highly religious father warns her against any contact with the Bean family, but despite the Beans' crude ways, the young woman is drawn to them. Their earthiness, directness, and unity stand in sharp contrast to her oppressive family life.When Reuben is sent to prison for resisting arrest for out-of-season deer hunting, Beal takes up with Reuben's wife Roberta. Beal also has a short tryst with Earlene, who becomes pregnant after a one-time sexual encounter with him, which results in her being disowned by her father and leads her to marry Beal and move in with him at his trailer. After Earlene gives birth to a daughter, and later to another baby boy, her marriage with Beal begins to fall apart due to Beal's continuing infatuation with Roberta, further complicated by extreme poverty and Beal's pride at his refusal to accept welfare or any handouts.Beal's short temper and his abusive nature soon gets the best of him as he begins drinking and beating Earlene when things get worse for them. After getting into another drunken brawl with some locals, the police are called to Beal's trailer when after he threatens them with his hunting rifle, the police shoot him dead in self defense. With Earlene now alone to raise her five-year-old daughter and one-year-old son all by herself, she finds some hope in the final scene when Reuben arrives after being released from prison. After Reuben learns about his nephew's death, he has a heart-to-heart talk with Earlene and agrees to help support her and Beal's two children the best that he can.
1542	Scarlet Letter, The (1926)	Drama	The Scarlet Letter is a 1926 American silent drama film based on the 1850 novel of the same name by Nathaniel Hawthorne and directed by Swedish filmmaker Victor Sjöström (credited as Victor Seastrom). Prints of the film survive in the MGM/United Artists film archives and the UCLA Film and Television Archive. The film is now considered the best film adaptation of Hawthorne's novel.
1543	Johns (1996)	Drama	It is Christmas Eve, and John (David Arquette) is asleep in a Los Angeles park. He awakens as someone is stealing his shoes, in which he keeps his money. He chases the thief but cannot catch him. John is angered not only because those are his lucky sneakers but because he is trying to accumulate enough money for an overnight stay in a fancy hotel to celebrate his birthday, which is also Christmas. Each time John puts any money together, via prostitution or stealing from clients, it is taken from him either by robbery or in payback for a drug deal where he burned the dealer. Meanwhile, Donner (Lukas Haas), a fellow hustler who is new to the streets and has fallen for John, tries to convince John to go with him to Branson, Missouri. Donner has a relative who runs a theme park there who can get them jobs. John is initially resistant to the idea but, after some particularly bad experiences, agrees to go. John and Donner have enough money for two bus tickets to Branson but John takes one last date to earn money for expenses. After their sexual encounter at a motel, however, John's date is remorseful for having gone through with the act. He insists to John that he is not gay. John smiles and says that he is not either. But his date believes that John is making a mockery of him and turns violent, beating John to death mercilessly. Donner goes in search of John and finds him at the motel. Donner drags John's lifeless body from the bathroom to the bed and tearfully confesses that he is the one who stole the sneakers and money in a desperate attempt to persuade John to leave town with him.
1544	It Takes Two (1995)	Comedy	Nine-year-old orphan Amanda Lemmon is being sought after by the Butkises, a reclusive and secretive family known to "collect" kids via adoption. However, she wants her likeable and warm-hearted social worker, Diane Barrows, to adopt her instead. Unfortunately for Amanda, authorities will not let Diane adopt Amanda due to Diane's low salary, unmarried status, and social worker position, even though Diane wants to adopt Amanda.While at a summer camp, Amanda meets a rich nine-year-old girl named Alyssa Callaway who looks just like her. Alyssa has just come home from boarding school, only to find that her wealthy widowed father and the camp's owner, Roger, is about to marry an overbearing, self-centered, gold-digging socialite named Clarice Kensington the following month.Amanda and Alyssa soon become acquainted, each longing for the other's life and decide to switch places. While Amanda adapts to Alyssa's wealthy lifestyle and Alyssa experiences summer camp, they get to know the other's parental figure and realize that Roger and Diane would be perfect for each other. Desperate to set them up, the girls arrange many meetings between them, hoping that they will fall in love.Roger and Diane seem to hit it off upon meeting, as she is pleasantly surprised with his kindness and humbleness despite his wealth, and Roger, with Diane's help, works up the courage to revisit the camp, which he has not done since his wife (Alyssa's mother) died due to painful memories of her untimely death when Alyssa was born.After seeing Roger and Diane laughing and swimming together in the lake, Clarice manipulates Roger into moving the wedding from the following month to the next day, and Amanda, while posing as Alyssa, discovers that Clarice plans on sending Alyssa to boarding school in Tibet afterwards. Alyssa then ends up being adopted by the Butkises without Diane's knowledge while posing as Amanda.A few hours before the wedding, Amanda tells the Callaways' butler, Vincenzo, that she is not Alyssa. He visits Diane at the orphanage and informs her about the switch. Diane then goes to the Butkis residence to pick up the real Alyssa and get her to the wedding. However, nobody is there and one of the Butkises' neighbors tells Diane that the only reason why the Butkises adopted so many kids was to work them in their salvage yard as slaves. Enraged, Diane takes Roger's company helicopter to the salvage yard to reclaim Alyssa (disguised as Amanda) and threatens to report the Butkises to social services, giving their seven other adopted children hope for salvation.Vincenzo and Amanda try their best to stall the wedding. As Roger hesitates to say, "I do", he remembers the good times he had with Diane and realizes that he has fallen in love with her and cannot marry Clarice. Suddenly, Diane bursts into the church with Alyssa behind her. At that moment, Roger confesses his love for Diane to Clarice, who furiously slaps him. Clarice tries to do the same to "Alyssa", blaming her for ruining the wedding, but is stopped by Vincenzo.As Clarice storms down the aisle, the real Alyssa steps out from behind Diane. Clarice declares that there is a "conspiracy", thinking that there are two Alyssas. Clarice attempts to hit the real Alyssa but Diane steps forward in time, barking "Back off, Barbie" at Clarice, and calmly informs Clarice that she has something in her teeth. Humiliated, Clarice moves to storm out of the church again, but Alyssa deliberately steps on her wedding gown, causing it to rip off. This exposes Clarice's undergarments in front of all the wedding guests, even those with cameras, causing Clarice to desperately call for her father (who just laughs) and run away, trying to hide her undergarments from the flashing cameras.An incredulous Roger learns that Alyssa has been with Diane while he had Amanda all this time, and they realize that the girls had orchestrated their meetups all along, about which they are extremely smug. After some encouragement from the girls, Roger and Diane share their first kiss and the four of them board a horse-drawn carriage, driven by Vincenzo, to take a ride through Central Park.
1545	Frankie Starlight (1995)	Drama, Romance	Frank Bois writes a successful first novel and finds himself looking back over his life. His mother Bernadette (Parillaud) was a French woman who, after the death of her friends and family in World War II, hid herself aboard an Allied war ship heading to Ireland, where she exchanged sexual favors for silence among the soldiers who found her on board. A nice customs agent, Jack Kelly (Byrne), allowed Bernadette to enter Ireland illegally, and they soon became a couple, even though she was already pregnant from one of the soldiers from the ship.Bernadette gave birth to Frankie (Alan Pentony), who suffered from dwarfism. As he grew older, Frankie developed romantic feelings for Jack's daughter Emma (Georgina Cates), who did not share his feelings, while Jack taught astronomy to Frankie. Eventually, Bernadette met Terry Klout (Dillon), an American soldier she had met on the war ship, who offered to marry her. Bernadette and Frankie went with Terry to his home in Texas, but both mother and son felt they didn't belong, so they returned to the Irish home they loved. An older Bernadette eventually committed suicide, and Frank then used his life as source material for his writing.
1546	Shadows (Cienie) (1988)	Drama	Henryk Mikołaj Górecki ( gə-RET-skee, Polish: [ˈxɛnrɨk miˈkɔwaj ɡuˈrɛt͡skʲi]; 6 December 1933 – 12 November 2010) was a Polish composer of contemporary classical music. This incomplete list of his compositions is sorted by opus number or date when no opus number is provided. Much of Górecki's work has been published by Boosey & Hawkes, which holds the rights for most of the world except in "countries of the former socialist copyright federation," where Polskie Wydawnictwo Muzyczne holds the rights.
1547	Show, The (1995)	Documentary	The Show is a 1995 American documentary film about hip hop music. It was directed by Brian Robbins (in his feature directorial debut) and featured interviews with some of hip hop's biggest names. Def Jam founder Russell Simmons stars in and narrates the film. The film grossed $1,482,892 in its opening weekend and $2,702,578 during its theatrical run.
1548	The Courtyard (1995)	Action, Thriller	A courtyard or court is a circumscribed area, often surrounded by a building or complex, that is open to the sky. Courtyards are common elements in both Western and Eastern building patterns and have been used by both ancient and contemporary architects as a typical and traditional building feature. Such spaces in inns and public buildings were often the primary meeting places for some purposes, leading to the other meanings of court. Both of the words court and yard derive from the same root, meaning an enclosed space. See yard and garden for the relation of this set of words. In universities courtyards are often known as quadrangles.
1549	Dream Man (1995)	Thriller	Detroit engineer Preston Tucker has been interested in building cars since childhood. During World War II he designed an armored car for the military and made money building gun turrets for aircraft in a small shop next to his home in Ypsilanti, Michigan. Tucker is supported by his large extended family, particularly his wife Vera, his sons Preston Jr. and Noble, and his daughter Marilyn Lee.As the war winds down, Tucker becomes inspired to build the "car of the future". The "Tucker Torpedo" will feature revolutionary safety designs, including disc brakes, seatbelts, a pop-out windshield, and headlights which swivel when the car turns. Tucker hires young designer Alex Tremulis to help with the design and enlists New York financier Abe Karatz to arrange financial support. Raising the money through a stock issue, Tucker and Karatz acquire the enormous Dodge Chicago Plant to begin manufacturing. Abe hires Robert Bennington to run the new Tucker Corporation on a day-to-day basis.Launching "the car of tomorrow" in a spectacular way, the Tucker Corporation is met with enthusiasm from shareholders and the general public. However, the Tucker board of directors, unsure of his ability to overcome the technical and financial obstacles ahead, send Tucker off on a publicity campaign and attempt to take complete control of the company. While Tucker travels the country, Bennington and directors change the design of the Tucker 48 to a more conventional design, eliminating the safety and engineering advances Tucker was advertising. At the same time, Tucker faces animosity from the Big Three automakers—General Motors, Ford and Chrysler—and from the authorities, led by Michigan Senator Homer S. Ferguson.Tucker returns from his publicity tour and confronts Bennington, who curtly informs him that he no longer has any power in the company to make decisions, and that the engine originally planned for the car is not viable. Tucker then receives a call from Howard Hughes, who sends a private plane to bring Tucker to his aircraft manufacturing site. Hughes advises Tucker to purchase the Aircooled Motors Company, which can supply both the steel Tucker needs, as well as a small, powerful helicopter engine that might replace Tucker's original 589 power plant.Unable to change Bennington's design, Tucker modifies the new engine and installs it in a test Tucker in the secrecy of his backyard tool-and-die shop. This prototype proves successful, both in durability and in crash-testing. However, Tucker is confronted with allegations of stock fraud. Ferguson's investigation with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) causes Karatz—once convicted of bank fraud—to resign out of fear that his criminal record will prejudice the hearings. Yellow journalism all but ruins Tucker's public image, but the courtroom battle is resolved when he parades his entire production run of fifty Tucker 48s, proving that he has reached production status.After giving a speech to the jurors on how capitalism in the United States is harmed by efforts of large corporations against small entrepreneurs like himself, Tucker is acquitted on all charges, but the Tucker Corporation falls into bankruptcy. In the film's closing shot, Tucker's entire production line—fifty "cars of the future"—is driven through the streets of downtown Chicago, admired by everyone as they pass.
1550	Destiny Turns on the Radio (1995)	Comedy	An incarcerated bank robber, Julian Goddard, escapes from prison. He is rescued in the desert by Johnny Destiny, a bizarre, possibly supernatural character. Destiny takes Julian to Las Vegas and the Marilyn Motel, owned by Harry Thoreau, who was Julian's partner in crime. Julian searches for his girlfriend, Lucille, and the proceeds of the heist.However, Destiny has taken the money and Lucille is pregnant and shacking up with Tuerto, a mob kingpin. Her agent has convinced a record label to send a talent scout to hear her lounge singing act, but Julian's arrival upsets her plans. As they are hunted by both the police and Tuerto's henchmen, Destiny toys with their fate.
1551	Glass Shield, The (1994)	Drama	John "J. J." Johnson is a rookie Deputy Sheriff in the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department. Because of his inexperience and race, he experiences tension with his white colleagues as their first black deputy. Although he initially clashes with Deputy Deborah Fields, the department's first female deputy, they strike up a friendship. While on patrol, Johnson backs up Deputy Bono when he stops a black man, Teddy Woods, at a gas station. When Bono runs Woods' drivers license, he finds a warrant for his arrest. Woods reveals he has a stolen pistol in his car, and the Deputy Sheriffs arrest him.Deputy Fields is the second deputy to the scene of a murder, but Detectives Baker and Hall dismiss her observations. Mr. Greenspan says a black man murdered his wife in a botched robbery, and the detectives pressure Woods to confess after they trace his stolen pistol to the murder. Woods defiantly proclaims his innocence, frustrating his lawyer, James Locket, who advises him to show less attitude in court. At the same time, community activist Reverend Banks raises awareness of the death of a black prisoner whom he believes to have been murdered by the police while in custody. Johnson dismisses the concerns of his family and girlfriend, saying there is no evidence of this.While coaching Bono on what to say at the trial, Johnson's commander, Clarence Massey, learns that Bono stopped Woods because of his race. Frustrated, Massey instructs him to come up with a better excuse. Bono suggests a traffic violation and later requests that Johnson back him up. Johnson agrees, and Massey praises him for his loyalty and dependability while chastising Fields for her refusal to fit in better. At the trial, Locket points out holes in the police testimony, making Johnson wonder if he made the right decision. Fields joins Johnson in investigating what really happened. With help from a whistleblower, they discover numerous cover-ups that involve Baker, Hall, and Massey.As the trial progresses and Greenspan's testimony proves problematic, Massey has Baker murder Greenspan to prevent him from becoming a liability. Hall, sick from cancer, dies at the station. Tensions rise as Johnson and Fields continue pursuing their own investigation, and they become further paranoid when Johnson insists they were intentionally given faulty intelligence during a drug raid. After Fields is hospitalized following an assault, Johnson and Baker come to blows. Massey breaks them up and temporarily places Johnson in a jail cell. When released, he delivers incriminating evidence to Locket that implicates Baker in various crimes, including the murder of the black prisoner and framing Woods.The jury can not reach a verdict. Facing a widespread investigation of police corruption that goes to the city council and mayor's office, the district attorney offers to drop the charges against Woods. Locket, with the reluctant backing of a city councilman, instead pushes for a new trial, which the judge accepts. Bono turns state's evidence and testifies against Johnson, admitting that the two committed perjury. Caught up in the probe, Johnson pleads guilty and receives a suspended sentence. After the Sheriff's station is disbanded, Massey retires, Baker is sentenced to four years and is in an honor prison while appealing. The unit is disbanded and the other Deputies including Bono are reassigned.
1552	Hunted, The (1995)	Action	Paul Racine, a tech executive from New York City, is on a business trip to Nagoya. He meets a woman, Kirina, in the hotel lounge, and they have a one-night stand. After they part ways, Kirina is approached by Kinjo and two henchmen. Kinjo is the leader of the Makato cult, an organization of ninja assassins that was hired to kill her. He boasts that no one has seen his face and lived. Kirina shows no fear of dying, so he grants her final wish to show her his face. Racine returns, looking for his room key, and tries to defend Kirina, but he is late. Kinjo decapitates her as his men stab Racine, hit him with a poisoned shuriken and cut his throat, leaving him for dead.Racine awakens in a hospital room, but his claims of his encounter with ninjas are met with disbelief by the police. Lieutenant Wadakura dismisses the allegation and suspects that the murder is the work of a yakuza syndicate. Racine is approached by Ijuro Takeda, an expert on the cult and on Kinjo. Takeda claims Racine's life is in danger as he has seen Kinjo's face. Racine also finds out that Takeda is the last in a samurai line and has a feud with Kinjo. The ninjas attempt to finish Racine off at the hospital, killing several hospital staff and police officers, including Wadakura, but he escapes. Takeda and his wife Mieko  subsequently take him to their family's stronghold, located on an island several hundred miles away. Leaving the city, Takeda secretly uses Racine as bait to draw Kinjo out, leading to a battle on the train where several passenger cars of innocent people are slaughtered by the ninjas. Takeda and Mieko kill the attackers, but discover that Kinjo did not take part in the assault. The ninjas' leader was Junko, Kinjo's lover; her death increases Kinjo's motivation to kill Racine and Takeda.During the boat ride to the island, Mieko explains the history of the conflict between the two clans and the samurai concepts of courage and honor to Racine. On the island, Racine spends time with the drunken bladesmith Oshima, who is constructing a katana for Takeda. Despite the language barrier, the old man teaches him about smithing and swordsmanship. Meanwhile, Kinjo decides to find out who hired his clan to murder Kirina. The man he finds, Nemura, is a powerful yakuza figure who bought Kirina from her uncle, a pimp, then ordered her death when she left him after years of servitude. Disgusted that he killed an innocent woman over such a petty grievance, Kinjo kills the man.Three weeks after Kirina's death, Takeda's new sword is ready, and Racine's injuries have healed. Takeda arrives at the island and is dismayed to find that Oshima has been training Racine. He humiliates Racine in a friendly duel. When Racine announces that he wants to leave the island and return home to New York, Takeda has him imprisoned and alerts Kinjo of his whereabouts. Hordes of ninjas arrive, overwhelming Takeda's inexperienced samurai, but Takeda gets the duel with Kinjo he wanted. Kinjo is victorious, stabbing Takeda through the torso; Takeda in turn stabs Kinjo in the leg, but soon dies.As Kinjo is about to kill a helpless Mieko he is caught off-guard by Racine, whom Oshima had released on Mieko's instructions. Racine stabs Kinjo in the right shoulder, hurting his dominant arm. However, he is armed with only a sword he barely knows how to use. With his newfound skills and assistance from Mieko, Racine manages to decapitate Kinjo. Oshima then arrives in battle gear, and is annoyed to find all the ninjas dead. Racine, Mieko, and Oshima walk up the hill toward the family castle.
1553	Underneath, The (1995)	Mystery, Thriller	Michael Chambers returns home to celebrate his mother's remarriage. Michael had fled his hometown due to gambling debts and had left his wife Rachel to deal with the mess he created. He now attempts to renew his relationships with his family, his friends – and his enemies. The prodigal son obtains a job working for his mother's new husband as an armored car driver but when he is caught with Rachel by her hoodlum boyfriend, Dundee, he ends up concocting a plan to steal a payroll being transported by the armored car company to get out of his predicament.
1554	Safe Passage (1994)	Drama	Margaret "Mag" Singer, a wife and mother of seven sons, is on the verge of divorcing her husband Patrick and moving to the city for a life of her own. All of the Singers' sons—except for Simon, the youngest—are grown and live on their own. Suddenly, Mag hears news of a terrorist bombing at a Marine base in the Middle East, where Percival, one of her sons, is stationed. Upon learning the news, the remaining five sons gather at the Singer home, anxiously awaiting updates on Percival. The sons include Alfred, the eldest Singer, who is engaged to Cynthia; Gideon, who feels responsible for Percival's decision to enlist and thus blames himself for Percival's possible death; identical twins Darren and Merle; and Izzy, the second-youngest who followed his father into science.The film's plot shifts between the Singer family resolving old hurts and wounds and flashbacks to Mag raising her sons. At the end, the family is gathered around the TV nervously waiting for word on Percival. Percival is revealed to be safe, and the family rejoices at the good news and their renewed bonds.
1555	Secret Adventures of Tom Thumb, The (1993)	Adventure, Children's	Inside an artificial insemination factory, a mechanical wasp hovering around the establishment is crushed to death by the machinery's gears, causing its vitals to drop into one of the jars on the conveyor belt. This results in a woman giving birth to a thumb-sized fetus-like child in her and her husband's house in a grim and slum urban town. Outside, a man in a black suit witnesses the whole scene and goes to an alley to encounter Pa Thumb, who picks up a ventriloquist box-shaped doll house to make his son's bedroom. The man simply grins at him but leaves when he gets creeped out by the ventriloquist's dummy at the window of a toy shop.Pa and Ma Thumb decide to call their diminutive son "Tom", but their time with him is short-lived. He's soon kidnapped and taken to a laboratory to be studied and experimented on. After engineering an escape with the help of one of the lab's other captives, Tom finds himself in a town populated by people his size. There he meets Jack, a young warrior who hates the bigger people, whom he and the others call giants. Nonetheless, Tom convinces Jack to help him attempt to find his father.
1556	Condition Red (1995)	Action, Drama, Thriller	Condition Red is a 1995 Finnish-American thriller film directed by Mika Kaurismäki. The premise is that a correctional officer falls in love with a female inmate who convinces him to help her escape. It was entered into the 19th Moscow International Film Festival.
1557	Yankee Zulu (1994)	Comedy, Drama	In Apartheid South Africa, white boy Rhino Labuschagne and Zulu Mashebela were best friends until Rhino, pressured by his American girlfriend, Rowena, shoots a can off Zulu's head, abruptly ending their friendship. 25 years later, Zulu has become a car thief in New York, picking up an American accent but not forgetting his roots as "the champion mud slinger of the world". The prison's warden gets Zulu deported back to Africa by the Threatened Immigrants Right-wing Defence, or TIRD.TIRD is a fascist organization run by a German named Gen. "Diehard" who is now dating the glamorous Rowena. Rhino has become a game farmer with a black daughter named Tinkie. Rhino is losing money due to his ex-wife Rowena's divorce settlement. Diehard personally transports Zulu, who easily escapes with Diehard's winning lottery ticket. Zulu  by chance reunites with Rhino and they head to Sun City and split the jackpot fifty-fifty. In Sun City, Tinkie befriends Prince William, son of Prince Charles of the United Kingdom. Rhino manages to win R500 000. They are then relentlessly pursued by Diehard and Rowena, but get a make-up artist, Antonio to make Zulu into a white, neo-Nazi TIRD, Baron von Mauchausen-Klarks, and Rhino into a black manservant named Moses. Zulu cannot resist going to Rowena's TIRD party in order to pickpocket.At the party, Diehard and Rowena recognize them after some slapstick antics, but Zulu sets off Diehard's intricate security system. They try to flee but are captured by Rowena. Zulu gives Rowena one half of the jackpot cheque, but Rhino has given the other to Tinkie, who has fled. The duo are imprisoned and they settle their differences by re-enacting the tincan incident, only vice versa. Diehard and Rowena take the two to a cliff called "Crocodile Gorge" and put them on a plank supported by an elephant.Tinkie and Prince William use booby traps to defeat Rowena and severely injure Diehard. Rhino reveals to Zulu that he is Tinkie's biological father from Thandi, Zulu's late childhood friend. Rhino then tells Zulu that he legally adopted Tinkie after Thandi died. The two talk the elephant into setting them free. The psychotic Diehard tries to execute Tinkie on a cliff, but Zulu uses his mud-throwing skill to knock out Diehard, sending him plunging off the cliff to his apparent death.Zulu, Rhino and Tinkie then reunite while William heads off back to his father. In an epilogue, Diehard is seen climbing out of a river muttering, "They do not call me 'Diehard' for nothing!" His elephant then sits on him apparently squashing him to death.
1558	Aparajito (1956)	Drama	In 1920, Apu and his parents, who have left their home in rural Bengal, have settled into an apartment in Varanasi where his father Harihar works as a priest. Harihar is making headway in his new pursuits: praying, singing, and officiating among the ghats on the sacred river Ganges. Harihar catches a fever and soon dies, however, and his wife Sarbajaya is forced to begin work as a maid. With the assistance of a great uncle, Apu and his mother return to Bengal and settle in the village Mansapota. There Apu apprentices as a priest, but pines to attend the local school which his mother is persuaded to allow. He excels at his studies, impressing a visiting dignitary, and the headmaster takes special interest in him.Within a few years, the teenaged Apu has done well enough to receive a scholarship to go to Kolkata for further studies. Sarbajaya feels abandoned and frightened by this, but gives in and lovingly packs his suitcase. Apu travels by train to the city and starts working at a printing press, after school hours, to subsist. He becomes more accustomed to the city life and feels out of place in the village. Sarbajaya expects visits from him, but he visits only a few times. Her loneliness and yearning for her son grow. She becomes seriously ill, but does not disclose her illness to Apu, lest his studies be disturbed. When Apu finally realises her poor health, he returns to the village to find that she has died. Bhabataran, Apu's great uncle, requests that he stay there and perform last rites of his mother. Apu replies that he will perform the last rites in Kolkata and begins his journey back to the city.
1559	Hostile Intentions (1994)	Action, Drama, Thriller	Hostile attribution bias, or hostile attribution of intent, is the tendency to interpret others' behaviors as having hostile intent, even when the behavior is ambiguous or benign. For example, a person with high levels of hostile attribution bias might see two people laughing and immediately interpret this behavior as two people laughing about them, even though the behavior was ambiguous and may have been benign. The term "hostile attribution bias" was first coined in 1980 by Nasby, Hayden, and DePaulo who noticed, along with several other key pioneers in this research area (e.g., Kenneth A. Dodge), that a subgroup of children tend to attribute hostile intent to ambiguous social situations more often than other children. Since then, hostile attribution bias has been conceptualized as a bias of social information processing (similar to other attribution biases), including the way individuals perceive, interpret, and select responses to situations. While occasional hostile attribution bias is normative (particularly for younger children), researchers have found that individuals who exhibit consistent and high levels of hostile attribution bias across development are much more likely to engage in aggressive behavior (e.g., hitting/fighting, reacting violently, verbal or relational aggression) toward others. In addition, hostile attribution bias is hypothesized to be one important pathway through which other risk factors, such as peer rejection or harsh parenting behavior, lead to aggression. For example, children exposed to peer teasing at school or child abuse at home are much more likely to develop high levels of hostile attribution bias, which then lead them to behave aggressively at school and/or at home. Thus, in addition to partially explaining one way aggression develops, hostile attribution bias also represents a target for the intervention and prevention of aggressive behaviors.
1560	Clean Slate (Coup de Torchon) (1981)	Crime	The opening scene takes place during a solar eclipse (July 1938). The main character – Lucien Cordier – observes a group of starving African children eating sand to suppress their hunger. When the Sun is covered, the man lights a fire so the children can warm themselves.In a small town in French West Africa in 1938, Lucien Cordier is the sole policeman. Unable or unwilling to assert his authority, he is scorned by everyone. His alluring wife, Huguette, openly lives with her lover, Nono, passing him off as her brother. Cordier is attracted to the playful young bride Rose but allows her abusive husband to beat her in the street without intervention. The head of the timber company, Vanderbrouck, daily insults him in public. Adding to his woes are a pair of deceitful pimps who openly flout the law and relish in humiliating him.It's these pimps who push him over the edge, prompting him to consult his superior, Chavasson, who advises him to take decisive action. On the train back, he meets the attractive new French teacher, Anne, whom he immediately warms to. Upon his return, he confronts the two pimps alone, shooting them dead and disposing of their bodies in the river. When Chavasson discovers this, Cordier implicates him in the act. Having outsmarted his boss and eliminated his main tormentors, Cordier sets his sights on others who have made his life miserable. Rose's husband meets the same fate as the pimps, and Vanderbrouck is dumped in a privy. Nono, who spied on Cordier, gets beaten (not severely) by him after peeping Anne in the shower.  When Rose's husband's servant returns with his master's body and furious Rose accidentally spills Cordier's dark secret, he kills the African boy as well (accusing him of sucking up to white people).On the day of Rose's husband's funeral, the twin brother of one of the pimps arrives in the city to talk to Cordier. Soon after, the policeman confesses his general despair and specific crimes to Anne. He then steals the money Huguette had been saving to leave him and visits Rose. Huguette and Nono, suspecting he plans to flee with Rose and the money, go to her house to confront Cordier. They find Rose alone – none of the three realizes Cordier is hiding in the yard, waiting passively for events to unfold. In a struggle, Rose shoots them both in self-defense. Cordier gives her the money and urges her to flee and advises her to support herself by working as a prostitute. He is left with only Anne in his life. In the closing scene, he's alone under a tree, observing a starving native child, getting ready to kill with his revolver, when more children show up (it's the same group as in the opening scene). He pauses, caressing his revolver.
1561	Tigrero: A Film That Was Never Made (1994)	Documentary, Drama	Mika Juhani Kaurismäki (Finnish: [ˈmikɑ ˈkɑu̯rismæki]; born 21 September 1955) is a Finnish film director.
1562	Eye of Vichy, The (Oeil de Vichy, L') (1993)	Documentary	The Prieuré de Sion (French pronunciation: [pʁijœʁe də sjɔ̃]), translated as Priory of Sion, was a fraternal organisation founded in France and dissolved in 1956 by hoaxer Pierre Plantard in his failed attempt to create a prestigious neo-chivalric order. In the 1960s, Plantard began claiming that his self-styled order was the latest front for a secret society founded by crusading knight Godfrey of Bouillon, on Mount Zion in the Kingdom of Jerusalem in 1099, under the guise of the historical monastic order of the Abbey of Our Lady of Mount Zion. As a framework for his grandiose assertion of being both the Great Monarch prophesied by Nostradamus and a Merovingian pretender, Plantard further claimed the Priory of Sion was engaged in a centuries-long benevolent conspiracy to install a secret bloodline of the Merovingian dynasty on the thrones of France and the rest of Europe. To Plantard's surprise, all of his claims were fused with the notion of a Jesus bloodline and popularised by the authors of the 1982 speculative nonfiction book The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail, whose conclusions would later be borrowed by Dan Brown for his 2003 mystery thriller novel The Da Vinci Code. After attracting varying degrees of public attention from the late 1960s to the 1980s, the mythical history of the Priory of Sion was exposed as a ludibrium — an elaborate hoax in the form of an esoteric puzzle — created by Plantard as part of his unsuccessful stratagem to become a respected, influential and wealthy player in French esotericist and monarchist circles. Pieces of evidence presented in support of the historical existence and activities of the Priory of Sion before 1956, such as the so-called Dossiers Secrets d'Henri Lobineau, were discovered to have been forged and then planted in various locations around France by Plantard and his accomplices. However, Pierre Plantard himself disowned the Dossiers Secrets when he described it as being the work of Philippe Toscan du Plantier, who had allegedly been arrested for taking LSD, in another attempt to form another version of the Priory of Sion from 1989, also reviving the organ “Vaincre”, that lasted for four issues. Despite the "Priory of Sion mysteries" having been exhaustively debunked by journalists and scholars as France's greatest 20th-century literary hoax, many conspiracy theorists still persist in believing that the Priory of Sion was a millennium-old cabal concealing a religiously subversive secret. A few independent researchers outside of academia claim, based on alleged insider information, that the Priory of Sion continues to operate as a conspiratorial secret society to this day. Some skeptics express concern that the proliferation and popularity of pseudohistorical books, websites and films inspired by the Priory of Sion hoax contribute to the problem of unfounded conspiracy theories becoming mainstream; while others are troubled by how these works romanticize the reactionary ideologies of the far right.
1563	Promise, The (Versprechen, Das) (1994)	Romance	Margarethe von Trotta (German: [maʁɡaˈʁeːtə fɔn ˈtʁɔta] ; born 21 February 1942) is a German film director, screenwriter, and actress. She has been referred to as a "leading force" of the New German Cinema movement. Von Trotta's extensive body of work has won awards internationally. She was married to and collaborated with director Volker Schlöndorff. Although they made a successful team, von Trotta felt she was seen as secondary to Schlöndorff. Subsequently, she established a solo career for herself and became "Germany's foremost female film director, who has offered the most sustained and successful female variant of Autorenkino in postwar German film history". Certain aspects of von Trotta's work have been compared to Ingmar Bergman's features from the 1960s and 1970s. Von Trotta has been called "the world's leading feminist filmmaker". The predominant aim of her films is to create new representations of women. Her films are concerned with relationships between and among women (sisters, best friends, etc.), as well as with relationships between women and men, and include political settings. Nevertheless, she rejects the suggestion that she makes "women's films". She is a recipient of one Golden Lion at Venice Film Festival, two David di Donatello Awards, Gold Hugo Award at Chicago International Film Festival, Lifetime Achievement Award at European Film Award, Lifetime Achievement Award at German Film Awards, two Palme d'Or nominations at Cannes Film Festival, and numerous other awards and nominations.
1564	To Cross the Rubicon (1991)	Drama	Jeffrey Dean Morgan (born April 22, 1966) is an American actor. He is best known for playing the character Negan in the AMC horror drama series The Walking Dead (2016–2022) and its spin-off The Walking Dead: Dead City (2023–present), for both of which he has received critical acclaim. He has also appeared in television roles such as John Winchester in the CW fantasy horror series Supernatural (2005–2008; 2019), Denny Duquette in the ABC medical drama series Grey's Anatomy (2006–2009), Jason Crouse in the CBS political drama series The Good Wife (2015–2016), Joe Kessler in the Amazon Prime Video adult superhero series' The Boys (2024–present), and Conquest in Invincible (2025–present), as well as film roles including William Gallagher in P.S. I Love You (2007), the Comedian in the superhero film Watchmen (2009), Clay in The Losers (2010), Sgt. Maj Andrew Tanner in Red Dawn (2012), and Agent Harvey Russell in Rampage (2018). He also starred as a pivotal character in the History Channel's miniseries about the war with Mexico for the creation of Texas, Texas Rising (2015).
1565	Daens (1992)	Drama	It's 1890. Priest Adolf Daens returns to his hometown, the Belgian municipality Aalst, after a dispute with Bishop Antoon Stillemans. Daens moves in with his brother Pieter, publisher of the local newspaper Land Van Aelst.Daens is upset when he hears about the bad work conditions in the textile industry. Workers are abused and exploited by the rich directors only for their own profit. To gain more profit, the companies have just decided to fire all men. They are replaced by women as their wages are much lower. Children need to work day and night, falling asleep and being flattened under the mechanical looms. Industrial accidents happen continuously, and the management takes no action.A new catastrophe will soon happen: Stephane Borremans is about to fire 50% of his employees. His action is supported by Charles Woeste, a foreman of the Catholic Party fraction in the Chamber of Representatives. Daens resists and wants to stop the atrocity. Pieter helps him in his task by publishing the misbehaviours in the textile industry in his newspaper. Daens becomes a pulpit and, later on, also a member of the Chamber of Representatives.Nette Scholliers is the eldest daughter of a Catholic family. She is just 17. As her parents have been made redundant, she is the only one who is earning some money to support her whole family. As soon as she hears about Daens's plans, she supports him. Daens is even supported by the liberal party and the socialist party. Jan, a socialist, falls in love with Nette, and both start a forbidden romance.Daens starts to doubt whether he can really change the bad circumstances. Furthermore, as he chooses the side of the poor people, he gets into a conflict with the rich directors, the Catholic party, and even the Catholic Church. Father Daens is a thorn in their side as he has become a symbol in the hardline freedom struggle of the workers.Woeste sets up a plot in which he even involves the Holy See. Daens is summoned by Pope Leo XIII and is put before a dilemma: either he stays a priest or he becomes a politician. Daens just neglects the warnings and continues both of his activities. This leads to his compulsory defrocking.Eventually, Daens convinces Belgian politicians that work conditions must improve and workers must have more rights. Thanks to this action, the directors are forced to invest in better work conditions and to assume greater responsibility in the prevention of accidents.
1566	Man from Down Under, The (1943)	Drama	After the end of World War I, Australian soldier Jocko Wilson (Charles Laughton) admires the spirit of a destitute Belgian orphan who fights a larger boy. He feeds the child, whom he names "Nipper", and the boy's younger sister Mary. When he receives orders to go home, he gets his friend Ginger Gaffney (Clyde Cook) to smuggle the pair aboard their ship. Then, realizing he knows nothing about raising children, he proposes to his singer girlfriend Aggie Dawlins (Binnie Barnes). She accepts. However, he gets drunk and is nearly arrested; in the confusion, he forgets and sails home without her.An ex-boxer, Jocko buys a tavern and trains the boy to fight, while Mary is sent off to a boarding school. The adult Nipper (Richard Carlson) gets to fight the boxing champion of the British Empire for the title. Jocko takes all bets, even after Ginger warns him he cannot cover them all if Nipper loses. Mary (Donna Reed) graduates and returns home.In the title fight, Nipper is holding his own until he is sent crashing out of the ring. When he gets back in, he realizes he has injured his shoulder and cannot use one arm. Nevertheless, knowing Jocko's financial peril, Nipper knocks out the champion. Afterward, the doctor informs Jocko privately that Nipper may never be able to fight again, but Jocko keeps this from his boy.With his profits, Jocko buys an isolated hotel in Northern Australia, where Nipper recuperates. Local priest Father Ploycarp (Arthur Shields) believes he can heal Nipper's shoulder. The hotel remains empty, leaving Jocko in dire financial trouble once again. One day, a guest finally shows up. To Jocko's surprise, it is Aggie, now a rich widow. She lends him money, not only to pay his creditors, but also to lose gambling with her. Finally, in desperation, Jocko wagers his hotel against all he owes her on a game of craps. He loses, and Aggie gets her revenge for being left at the altar.When Nipper sees his reporter friend "Dusty" Rhodes (Stephen McNally), who had covered his fight, go off with Mary to ask her to marry him, he becomes furious and beats the man up. Only then does he realize that his feelings for Mary go far beyond a brother's affections. He decides to leave without explanation, causing a rupture with Jocko, who had set up a match against the world champion after seeing that Nipper's shoulder has healed.Then World War II breaks out. To Jocko's shame, Ginger is accepted but he is not when they go to re-enlist in the army. He pretends to Mary and Aggie that he is an officer, but actually takes a construction job to help the war effort. By chance, he is in the neighborhood when the hotel is attacked by Japanese bombers.  He races to the place and encounters Nipper, now a soldier, who has had the same idea. They find the establishment under the control of the crew of a bomber that had crashed nearby. They kill all the Japanese airmen and rescue Aggie, Mary, and the children being sheltered there.Aggie has some unexpected good news for Nipper. Mary's description of a recurring nightmare of the day her parents were killed (with Nipper absent from her dream) had set Aggie to investigating. Confirmation had finally arrived from Belgium. Nipper and Mary are not siblings after all; she had merely been adopted by Nipper's parents. Now there is nothing to stand in the way of the couple's happiness.
1567	Careful (1992)	Comedy	Careful is set in Tolzbad, a fictional mountain town under constant threat of devastating avalanches that can be triggered by any loud noise or even a too-large expression of emotion.  The people of Tolzbad suppress their emotions as much as possible, living in constant vigilance against losing self-control. An opening lecture cautions common advice ("Think twice!", "Don't stand so close to the walnut tree!").The greatest ambition of the citizens of Tolzbad is to become good servants for the reclusive Count Knotkers.  Johann and Grigorss are brothers and butlers-in-training.  Both are beloved of their mother Zenaida, although she hates their brother Franz, whom they do not speak of and who has been exiled to the attic.  The ghost of their dead blind father appears to Franz to warn him of impending doom in the family, yet Franz, paralyzed and mute and covered in cobwebs, can do nothing.  The ghost complains to Franz that Zenaida never loved him and harboured love for Count Knotkers instead, although forbidden to marry him by the Count's mother.Johann is betrothed to Klara, daughter of Herr Trotta, and although Grigorss harbours secret love for Klara he says nothing.  Johann, meanwhile, becomes incestuously attracted to his own mother Zenaida.  He spies on her through the walls of the chimney as she undresses and bathes.  He then concocts a love potion for her, and as she drifts into sleep he assaults her, kissing and groping her breasts.  Horrified at himself, Johann burns off his lips with a hot coal, cuts off his fingers with garden shears, and throws himself off a mountain.Grigorss becomes infuriated when Zenaida reveals that her passion for Count Knotkers has been rekindled since his mother died, so that no obstacles stand in the way of their union.  She reveals that the reason she hates Franz but loves her other sons is because Franz reminds her too much of her hated dead husband, but when she conceived Grigorss and Johann she was thinking about the Count. Grigorss challenges the Count to a duel to avenge his father's honour, but Zenaida talks him out of it by finally accepting Franz into the family.However, Klara convinces Grigorss to go through with the duel.  Klara has an incestuous love for her father, Herr Trotta, who ignores her, but lavishes attention on her sister Sigleinde.  Inspired after viewing the enchained wild mountain girl Gerda, this duel is the first step for Klata to plan her revenge. They duel with daggers, and Grigorss stabs Count Knotkers.  He heads home, where Zenaida cares for him after he collapses from exhaustion.  However, when she discovers he has killed her beloved Count, she throws him out of the house and hangs herself in the attic in front of Franz.Grigorss is taken by Klara to a mountain cave she once hopefully prepared as a love den for her and her father, she now claims that this can be their new home.  On the gondola ride there, Klara tells Grigorss that her father raped her and they must plan his death.  Grigorss takes Herr Trotta on a sleigh ride, during which he shoots a pistol to start an avalanche to bury Trotta.  All goes according to plan, except that Klara throws herself into the sleigh to die while kissing her father.Alone, Grigorss retreats to the mountain cave. A single teardrop causes another avalanche, which traps him inside, where he freezes to death while hallucinating a happy reunion with his parents.  As the film ends, Franz and Sigleinde join together to search the mountains for their lost family members, not realizing they are dead.
1568	Vermont Is For Lovers (1992)	Comedy, Romance	Vermont is for Lovers is an independently produced docudrama released in 1992, starring George Thrush and Marya Cohn and shot on location Tunbridge, Vermont. The film concerns a couple visiting Vermont in order to be married, and interviewing local residents on the subject of marriage. Largely improvised and using non-professional actors, the film was shown at various film festivals including the Melbourne International Film Festival and the Hawaii International Film Festival. The film was not terribly well received by the national press, with The New York Times calling it, "vaguely amiable". While The Washington Post review commented that the film was an "all-too-easy target for ridicule", it also mentioned one of the film's high points: "In one scene, a typically droll Vermont resident (playing himself) sums up his state's fabled coolness to strangers by suggesting that a sign be placed at the state line, reading "Welcome to Vermont. Now Leave.""
1569	Vie est belle, La (Life is Rosey) (1987)	Comedy, Drama	''
1570	Quartier Mozart (1992)	Comedy	Jean-Pierre Bekolo (born June 8, 1966 in Yaoundé, Cameroon) is a Cameroon film director.
1571	Touki Bouki (Journey of the Hyena) (1973)	Drama	Mory, a cowherd who rides a motorcycle adorned with a bull-horned skull, meets Anta, a student, in Dakar. Disillusioned and weary of life in Senegal, they dream of escaping to Paris and devise various schemes to raise money for their journey.Mory eventually succeeds in stealing money and a large amount of clothing from the home of a wealthy homosexual man while he is showering. With the stolen funds, Anta and Mory purchase tickets for a ship to France. However, their victim alerts the police, who begin to pursue the duo.As Anta and Mory board the ship at the Port of Dakar, a loudspeaker announcement summons Mory to meet the captain. Upon hearing this, Mory panics, abandons Anta, and flees in search of his bull-horned motorcycle, only to discover that it has been destroyed in a crash that nearly killed the rider who had taken it.The ship departs with Anta, leaving Mory behind. He sits on the ground next to his hat, staring despondently at the wreckage of his motorcycle.
1572	Wend Kuuni (God's Gift) (1982)	Drama	A village leader tells a crying mother to give up hope that her husband is still alive. She runs away with her child.The scene then changes and focuses on a traveler finding a body of a dehydrated young boy on the ground. The traveler tries to speak to the boy, but he is mute and doesn't remember a thing. He then picks him up and rides to the nearest village, which happens to be a Mossi village. The village leader comes and says that he is not from this village, but will raise him. The traveller thanks them and heads off.When the village chiefs' search party are unable to find the boy's parents Tinga agrees to adopt him; they call him "Wend Kuuni", because destiny brought the boy to his home.Wend Kuuni has a new job to herd the goats. He made friends with his stepsister Pougnere and is happy there.There is a quarrel between one of the village elders (Bila) and his young wife. She accuses him of being impotent, and he calls her a witch. Tinga calms them both down and Bila later tells Tinga that the fight has been settled.That day, Wend Kuuni accidentally left his knife in the field where the goats were grazing. When he went back that night to retrieve it, he finds Bila hanging from a tree branch. In that instant, he remembers the death of his mother after they had been chased out of the village, and he also remembers how to speak. He screams "mother!" before running back to the village to inform the others.Wend Kuuni recounts his story to Pougnere. He recalls his sick mother being chased out of their village, and ending up under a tree in the middle of the field. When he woke up, his mother was dead. He spoke of running for hours, falling asleep, and waking up to the traveler finding him.
1573	Spirits of the Dead (Tre passi nel delirio) (1968)	Horror	Spirits of the Dead (French: Histoires extraordinaires, lit. 'Extraordinary Tales', Italian: Tre passi nel delirio, lit. 'Three Steps to Delirium'), also known as Tales of Mystery and Imagination and Tales of Mystery, is a 1968 horror anthology film comprising three segments respectively directed by Roger Vadim, Louis Malle and Federico Fellini, based on stories by Edgar Allan Poe. A French-Italian international co-production, the film's French title is derived from a 1856 collection of Poe's short stories translated by French poet Charles Baudelaire; the English titles Spirits of the Dead and Tales of Mystery and Imagination are respectively taken from an 1827 poem by Poe and a 1902 British collection of his stories. Vadim's segment, "Metzengerstein", tells the story of the debauched Countess Frédérique de Metzengerstein (Jane Fonda), who devotes herself to taming a wild horse that once belonged to her cousin, Baron Wilhelm Berlifitzing (Peter Fonda). Malle's entry, "William Wilson", follows Wilson (Alain Delon), who is hounded throughout his life of cruelty and deception by a doppelgänger, whom he challenges to a fatal duel. Fellini's short, "Toby Dammit", a loose adaptation of "Never Bet the Devil Your Head", deals with the title character (Terence Stamp), an alcoholic Shakespearean actor, whose trip to Rome to make a Spaghetti Western in exchange for a Ferrari is complicated by multiple encounters with the Devil, who appears as a little girl with a white ball. Spirits of the Dead was released in the United States by American International Pictures in an English-language version featuring narration by Vincent Price.
1574	Pharaoh's Army (1995)	War	The story is narrated by an unnamed boy, now an old man, 'as best as he can remember'. In the spring of 1862, in the Cumberland Mountains 'down near the Tennessee line', war sympathies were strongly divided, neighbors against neighbors.After the unexplained death of Sarah Anders' (Clarkson) daughter at the hand of Yankees (Union Army), the body is buried in Altamira. That night it is dug up from the grave and unceremoniously left exposed by Yankees, to add insult to Sarah's loss. Her husband they call 'Pap' is away fighting for the Confederacy in the Tennessee Army, and fought at the Battle of Shiloh.  Sarah also has an 11-year old son, the boy. Sarah takes her daughter's body (in coffin) back to her homestead at the end of Mershack Creek, Kentucky to rebury.Captain John Hull Abston (Cooper) is a Union army officer, widower, and a farmer before the war, from Brown County, Ohio. He commands a party of four soldiers  scavenging for supplies: Corporal Neely, Rodie, a pole called Chicago, and Newt, the youngest. All are untested in battle. They arrive at Sarah's small cabin and take what little they can find.  Just before leaving, Newt is seriously wounded falling from a ladder, and the party has to stay there until the soldier is well enough to travel.Sarah and the boy suffer the company of the raiding party for several days, but are not seriously harassed by them. In fact, the Captain takes pity on Sarah, and as they wait around, he even assists her in plowing a small patch of land to plant a corn crop, as 'he likes to work with mules'.The boy sneaks away one night to advise nearby neighbor Preacher (Kristofferson), a minister and Confederate sympathizer, of their situation. The preacher says 'Pharaoh sent his armies to smite Israel, and they drowned in the Red Sea'. The next day Roadie argues with Captain Abston and, disgusted by the situation, rides off to desert. The captain aims to shoot him, but just then, sniper fire rings out, killing the deserter. All take refuge in the cabin. Sarah and the boy think it's his Pap doing the shooting. The captain chases and kills the sniper in the creek, and all discover it is not Sarah's husband. Later, Preacher comes to retrieve the sniper's body, as it is his Israel, his colored servant.The captain buries the dead soldier next to Sarah's daughter's grave, which enrages Sarah and she becomes insanely distressed. The raiding party leaves, taking Sarah's wagon, mule and cow, but the captain leaves Sarah a rifle 'for the boy to shoot squirrels'. She attempts to shoot the captain as he rides away, but the rifle is empty. When they are out of sight, Sarah digs up the soldier, as the boy, after fetching a revolver he had earlier stolen from the party, runs after the raiders. The boy catches up to the party and shoots Newt, lying in the wagon, dead, and then flees; the captain pursues him, firing after him.Captain Abston returns to the cabin with Newt's body in the wagon, and the mule, looking for the boy. The captain chastises the boy for killing the young soldier, and Sarah and the captain argue. The captain, frustrated, threatens to kill them, and Sarah, frustrated, says "Go ahead. Kill us." The upset captain fires two rounds into the air, asks that the dead soldier be provided a decent Christian burial, then returns to the other two of his party. They ask "What'd you do to 'em?", and he replies, "You heard the shots."  They continue on their way.Because 'the Civil War was not about 'being decent,' Sarah and the boy throw Rodie's body into the creek, to wash downstream 'where he came from'. They dump the body of Newt into a sinkhole by the roots of a fallen sycamore, and throw some dirt on it. Sarah's husband never did return.Epilogue text reads 'In 1941 a Kentucky mountaineer returned to a remote sinkhole, the place when during the Civil War he had killed and buried a Union soldier. This film was inspired by his story as told to folklorist Harry M. Caudill.'
1575	I, Worst of All (Yo, la peor de todas) (1990)	Drama	In Mexico in the 17th century, the Viceroy of New Spain and the newly elected Archbishop discuss how they will rule. The Archbishop sends a letter to the convent where Sor Juana lives informing the abbess that his first official order of business will be to visit their convent and to meet Sor Juana. For the occasion Sor Juana presents a play she has been working on. The Viceroy and his wife, the Vicereine are impressed with Sor Juana's writing. The Archbishop on the other hand is disturbed that the convent is so lax. He secretly meets with a few nuns and persuades them to elect a more formal abbess. In the meantime Sor Juana and the Vicereine grow close. The Vicereine warns Sor Juana to be careful about how she speaks and what she reads and tells her of an auto-da-fé she witnessed in which hundreds were burned. Other nuns also approach Sor Juana and ask her to run for election to be the abbess, but Sor Juana refuses saying that she is in the middle of writing an epic poem which she cannot give up.When the new abbess is elected she institutes a vow of poverty and tries to take away Sor Juana's books but the Vicereine insists that she keep them. The Archbishop then attempts to censor Sor Juana's books based on a poem she has written about the Vicereine which he claims is sinful. Sor Juana's books are taken away but when the Viceroy hears of this he demands they be returned to her. The Vicereine tells Sor Juana that as long as she and her husband are in Mexico she will be protected.Sometime later the Viceroy learns that he has lost favour with the King of Spain and is to be replaced. Before he leaves he visits Sor Juana and asks that she give the Vicereine permission to take her works with her to be published in Spain. Sor Juana agrees. A political enemy of the Archbishop's encourages Sor Juana to write a rebuttal to one of the favourite theologians of the Archbishop. Sor Juana obliges believing the paper is for private circulation. However the work is published along with an attack on Sor Juana condemning her entire oeuvre.In Spain the first volume of Sor Juana's poems have been published. The former Vicereine tasks a friend to bring a copy to Sor Juana who no longer answers letters and lives in seclusion and poverty in the abbey. When her former friend, a priest, agrees to hear her confession he orders her to do penance by relinquishing all her worldly possessions. As a final act of contrition Sor Juana writes a letter to the head of the church confessing that she lived her life as a pagan and signing it with her blood and the words, "I worst of all".
1576	Hungarian Fairy Tale, A (1987)	Fantasy	Andris is a child living in Budapest. He is conceived when his mother Maria is attracted to a mysterious stranger during a performance of The Magic Flute. The stranger disappears after the conception, and as a result Andris does not know his father. The law states that a boy should have his father's name, even if the father is unknown, to avoid the taint of illegitimacy. When Maria tries to register Andris with the child custody department, Andris is given the name of a fictitious father. She enters on Andris' birth certificate the name of the bureaucrat she is dealing with, Antal Orban.Maria dies when she is hit on the head by a falling brick, an accident resulting from being in the wrong place at the wrong time, leaving Andris suddenly motherless. He then goes off in search of his nonexistent father. Along the way he meets and is helped by The Girl, the young nurse who delivered him, and who is alone like Andris. Meanwhile, the kindly Orban becomes tired of the tyrannical bureaucracy, and decides to destroy the files of children he has helped to legitimize by giving them fictitious fathers. He then sets out to find Andris. Andris and The Girl finally meet Orban, and they form their own family.They meet scouts being trained as instruments of the state, and the scouts pursue Andris, Orban and The Girl. The three of them climb onto the back of a stone eagle, which takes off in flight.
1577	Death in the Garden (Mort en ce jardin, La) (1956)	Drama	When a settlement of illegal diamond miners is broken up by soldiers, in revenge they attack and burn down the army headquarters in the nearest town. Next day, when reinforcements arrive, most of the surviving miners are rounded up to be shot. On a river boat, five people escape the carnage: a pacifist miner, his deaf-mute daughter, the local madame he wants to marry, a Catholic priest, and a wanted adventurer. When pursued by the army, they take to the jungle. There, the struggle for survival starts eroding their identities and in most cases their will to live. The adventurer becomes the resourceful leader, while the miner goes out of his mind and kills both the madame and the priest. After killing the miner, only the adventurer and the girl are left to find freedom together.
1578	Collectionneuse, La (1967)	Drama	On a summer day at the house of Rodolphe, a rich friend, Adrien and his fiancée part on strained terms. She has to go and work for five weeks in London, while he chooses to spend the time at a house Rodolphe has rented near Saint-Tropez. Also there will be another old friend, Daniel, and the two men can just relax by reading and swimming.When he gets there, Daniel warns him that unfortunately there is a third occupant. This is Haydée, who Rodolphe has bedded and who now brings a different boy back each night. The two friends unite in banning any more boys and gating her, while bullying the decade younger Haydée by branding her a little collectionneuse, a collector of men. After sulking a while, Adrien turns his charms on Haydée. While he admits to her that he likes her greatly, he says his moral code will not allow him to sleep with her, so he tells her to seduce easier prey in the shape of Daniel. The two sleep together for a while, but the fastidious Daniel turns against her and, after insulting her, leaves.Adrien comforts the hurt girl and thinks of a new plan to interest her. He has brought with him a rare Chinese vase to deliver to a rich but crass American collector called Sam, who is struck by Haydée. Sam invites the two to his villa to have dinner and stay the night. Adrien agrees with Haydée that he will plead he has business in the morning and will leave her there to seduce Sam. Going back to fetch her next evening, Sam turns against Adrien and insults him while flirting with Haydée, who then knocks over his precious new vase.The two make their escape and, as they drive home, Adrien thinks she is good at heart and that now Daniel has gone he can spend the last week of his holiday in an enjoyable affair with her. Two men passing in an Italian sports car recognise Haydée, who jumps out to talk to them. When they invite her to join them in Italy, she takes her overnight bag out of Adrien's car. Adrien, after waiting a while, leaves her with them and returns to the empty villa alone.He can now fulfill his aim of peacefully reading and swimming, but it is not what he wants any more. He picks up the phone to book a seat on the next plane to London.
1579	Baton Rouge (1988)	Thriller	A wealthy woman Isabel Harris is blackmailed by cold psychiatrist Ana Alonso and the gold-digging gigolo Antonio, who team up to frame Isabel in a crime.
1580	Liebelei (1933)	Romance	In Vienna during the late Imperial era, a love affair between a young lieutenant and a musician's daughter ends tragically when the lieutenant is killed in a duel, and the girl commits suicide.
1581	Woman in Question, The (1950)	Mystery	Widow Agnes Huston is found murdered at her house. As Superintendent Lodge and Inspector Butler question her friends and neighbours, flashback scenes play out widely differing interpretations of the dead woman and her behaviour.Neighbour Mrs Finch tells Lodge that Agnes was a gentlewoman whereas her sister, Catherine Taylor, is rude and obnoxious. According to Mrs Finch, the two sisters once had an argument about Agnes's husband having an affair with Catherine. Catherine then left after hurting Agnes's feelings. A few days later, Catherine and her boyfriend, Bob Baker, forced their way into Agnes's flat. Finch ran to get the help of Mr Pollard, the timid owner of a pet shop opposite the building. Catherine and Baker threatened to kill everyone and left. This leads Lodge to question Catherine.Catherine claims that the day she visited her sister, Mrs Finch gave her a bad welcome. According to Catherine, Agnes was a drunk, rude and not-very-pleasant-looking woman. Catherine told Agnes that she went to visit Charles, however, Agnes accused her and Charles of having an affair. They argue and Catherine leaves in contempt. She admits to dating Bob Baker and visiting Agnes in his company, however, Mrs Finch refused to let them in.Baker admits to meeting Agnes at her workplace, where she is a fortune teller. He, being a magician by profession, gave her a script for a mentalism act for her to go through, which she agreed to learn, but then ignored. He visited her again two days later and Agnes attempted to seduce him, throwing him out when he refused. The day when he and Catherine went to visit Agnes, she treated them disrespectfully and asked them to get out.Albert Pollard, the pet shop owner, portrays Agnes in a positive light. She once came into his shop to ask for help with her bird. When the bird died, Pollard comforted Agnes and offered a parrot to replace it. On a following day, he was politely sent away from her place due to the arrival of Michael Murray, a merchant sailor. On the day Catherine and Baker barged in and Mrs Finch asked for help, Pollard claims he bravely sent both of them away. He says that Agnes had agreed to marry him the previous night before her death.Michael Murray also admits to having met Agnes at her fortune-telling place. After beginning a relationship with Agnes, Murray set sail and returned after about three months. She immediately welcomes him and they kiss. Pollard sees the kiss and immediately leaves. On another night, Murray sees Agnes with Pollard and she dismisses his concerns, angering him. He is away for three more months of sailing. Having promised to write to her, but not having done so, he arrives at her house, to see another man in there and sees that she is possibly a prostitute. Furious, he refuses to listen to her explanations, manhandles her and leaves in a rage. He says he later regretted his behaviour, blaming himself for not having written to her, which he says he is no good at.Lodge and Butler return to Mrs Finch's house to question her some more. In the background, Butler can be heard questioning the boy, who mentions that he hears the words, "Merry Christmas", which were the words Agnes had taught her original bird that had supposedly died thus alerting Lodge that Pollard's story contains lies. Lodge remarks that Pollard's version of the story is the most unlikely of all. They ask Pollard to imagine a situation where Murray could have got drunk and entered Agnes's flat to kill her. Pollard agrees that it must have happened that way but when the killing happens, Lodge switches the killer with Pollard, vividly describing how a humiliated Pollard uncontrollably strangled Agnes (shown in flashback) provoking a confession. Lodge and Butler leave with a remorseful Pollard under arrest.
1582	T-Men (1947)	Film-Noir	In order to convict a counterfeiting ring, two United States Treasury agents are chosen to go undercover and infiltrate the Vantucci gang in Detroit. Dennis O'Brien and Anthony Genero are the agents, and they are to start at the bottom and work their way up the gang's hierarchy.  To infiltrate the gang they must appear to be criminals from the Detroit milieu, so they study the history of Detroit crime in order to create reliable false identities.  They declare themselves to be the last two members of the moribund River Gang, and that they are "on the lam" (on the run). They become Vannie Harrigan (O'Brien) and Tony Galvani (Genaro), and convince Pasquale, the proprietor of a notorious hotel that they are real criminals.Pasquale sends them to Vantucci, who uses counterfeit revenue stamps for his hijacked liquor. He surreptitiously quizzes them about local crime history, offering up incorrect facts which the agents are able to correct, and they are "hired." They hear the name of a gangster, "Schemer", and learn that he is the gang's West Coast liaison. They secretly obtain a pair of his overalls and send them to the bureau's crime lab for analysis, where his size, weight, the fact he smokes cigars, and the fact he chews Chinese health herbs are ascertained.  Armed with this information, O'Brien heads for Los Angeles.O'Brien searches Chinatown following the herb lead, where he discovers that Schemer frequents steam baths.  He finds a man fitting Schemer's description who goes to a hotel where there's a backroom craps game. O'Brien bluffs his way in, then introduces a counterfeit bill into play. The phony bill is discovered and O'Brien is blamed; they beat him and throw him into the alley. O'Brien shows Schemer his fake bill (which he has recovered). His bill is well-printed since hand-engraved plates were used, but it has inferior paper. The gang's counterfeit bills are the opposite: lesser quality printing due to  mere photoengraving, but on superior stock. Schemer offers to approach a higher-up about a collaboration.Gangsters await O'Brien in his apartment and rough him up, wanting to know his "game".  They suspect he is a Treasury agent, so he tells them to check with Detroit.  O'Brien is eventually taken to an exclusive home in Beverly Hills, where he meets a Mr. Triano. O'Brien proposes a merger, but Triano says he is all set, so O'Brien threatens to start his own operation.O'Brien returns to Detroit and is given a sample of the gang's paper so he can print a bill on it using his plates. The result is acceptable, so O'Brien turns over the back plate, but says they'll get the front one when he meets the boss.Tony's wife is out shopping with a friend who identifies Tony on the street. She attempts to engage him, but Tony claims he isn't married and doesn't know them. Tony's wife knows to deny it's Tony, but Schemer, who is with him, is suspicious.Moxie locks Schemer into a steam room and turns up the heat, cooking him alive. Tony is overheard on a call asking about his wife. His cover blown, he is murdered in front of O'Brien. It is revealed that the gang's technician, Paul Miller, had worked with August Bauman, the engraver of the plates the bureau is using, so Miller would be able to identify the true engraver. O'Brien discovers a claim check in Schemer's room. It produces Schemer's coded documentation of all the gang's illegal activities, which he had kept as insurance.O'Brien is taken to the gang's base of operation, a docked ship, in order to meet the Chief. Miller is summoned in order to verify the provenance of the plates, but actually covers for O'Brien; Miller did recognize the plates, but he had realized that O'Brien was an agent early on, and spares him because he wants to become a government witness. Miller is shot; O'Brien is wounded but survives. The police arrive, raids are conducted, and the Chief is apprehended.
1583	Invitation, The (Zaproszenie) (1986)	Drama	Wanda Jakubowska (10 November 1907 – 25 February 1998) was a Polish film director. Although she directed as many as 15 films over 50 years, Jakubowska is best known for her work on the Holocaust. Her 1948 film The Last Stage was an early and influential depiction of concentration camps. It was filmed on location at Auschwitz, where Jakubowska had been interned. Jakubowska was an ardent Communist whose films were often heavily politicized.
1584	Symphonie pastorale, La (1946)	Drama	A pastor adopts a young blind girl whom his daughter, Charlotte, names "Gertrude".  The title refers to Beethoven's Sixth Symphony (also known as the Pastoral Symphony) which the pastor takes Gertrude to hear. It also refers to the pastor's own symphony with Gertrude. His wife, Amélie, resents Gertrude because the pastor dedicates more attention to Gertrude than to their five biological children.  She tries to prompt him to a recognition of the true nature of his feelings for the young woman in his care. Her ability to "see" is contrasted with the "blindness" of the pastor in this regard and the reader is invited to judge him on his intellectual dishonesty. As a religious man, the pastor takes the Bible very seriously and tries to preserve Gertrude's innocence by protecting her from the concept of sin.Because the pastor is really the main character in Gertrude's limited world, she feels herself to be in love with him and to some extent he has similar feelings toward her. When his eldest son Jacques, who is about the same age as Gertrude, asks to marry her, the pastor becomes jealous and refuses despite the fact that Jacques is obviously in love with her.Gertrude eventually gets an operation to repair her eyesight and, having gained the ability to see, realizes that she loves Jacques and not the pastor. However, Jacques has renounced his love for her, converted to Catholicism and become a monk.  Gertrude attempts suicide by jumping into a river, but this fails and she is rescued and contracts pneumonia.  She realizes that the pastor is an old man, and the man she pictured when she was blind was Jacques.  She tells the pastor this shortly before her death.
1585	American Dream (1990)	Documentary	The film is centered on unionized meatpacking workers at Hormel Foods in Austin, Minnesota between 1985 and 1986. Hormel had cut the hourly wage from $10.69 to $8.25 and cut benefits by 30 percent, despite posting a net profit of $30 million. The local union (P-9) opposed the cut, but the national union, the United Food and Commercial Workers, disagreed with their strategy. The local union is shown hiring a freelance strike consultant, Ray Rogers, who comes in with charts, graphs and promises of a corporate campaign to draw national press attention. Rogers delivers in the short term, but it is not enough to defeat opposition from Hormel management and the UFCW international union. Soon, despite the efforts of a seasoned negotiator, Lewie Anderson, sent by the parent union, the company has locked out the workers and hired replacement workers, leading to a series of violent conflicts amongst members of the community. The workers' resolve progressively fades as the battle extends into months and years, and the financial hardships they and their families suffer leads some to doubt the value of their efforts. Eventually, Hormel replaced nearly 80% (over 700 workers) of those who went on strike and leased half of its factory to a company that only paid $6.50. Kopple, who had previously covered an extended miner's strike in the acclaimed Oscar-winning 1976 documentary Harlan County, USA, focuses on the personalities and emotions behind the strike, creating a highly charged portrait of labor that is sympathetic to the workers' distress without ignoring the strike's greater ambiguities. American Dream features footage of union meetings and press releases, Hormel press releases, news broadcasts, and in-depth interviews with people on both sides of the issue, including Jesse Jackson.
1586	Lashou shentan (1992)	Action, Crime, Drama	In a Hong Kong teahouse, Royal Hong Kong Police inspectors "Tequila" Yuen and Benny Mak surveil a group of gun smugglers while they are making a deal. When a rival gang ambushes the deal, a fierce shootout breaks out; the gangsters are defeated, but several police officers and civilians are wounded and Benny is killed. As revenge, Tequila executes the gangster who killed Benny rather than arrest him. He is reprimanded by Chief Superintendent Pang, who needed the executed gangster as a key witness. After a police funeral, Pang burns the personnel file of another smuggler Tequila killed, revealing him to be an undercover cop.Meanwhile, Alan, an assassin working for Triad boss "Uncle" Hoi, murders one of Hoi's subordinates who had double-crossed them for a rival syndicate led by upstart Johnny Wong. Wong, who is looking to usurp the old Triad bosses through his control of the illicit arms trade, is impressed by Alan's skill and attempts to recruit him. Alan reluctantly accepts the offer, and Wong brings Alan to a raid on Hoi's warehouse as an initiation, where many of Hoi's men are killed. Surrounded, Hoi lets Alan kill him to spare his surrendering men, but Alan kills them all anyway to please Wong. Tequila, who has been watching from cover, ambushes and defeats Wong's men, but is caught by Alan, who spares him. Tequila confronts Pang, demanding to know if Alan is an undercover cop. Pang refuses to say, but reveals the teahouse friendly fire killing to Tequila and warns him to stay away from the case.Tequila tracks Alan to his sailboat and deduces he is undercover, but they are ambushed by the remnants of Hoi's gang. The pair fight off the attackers and Tequila flees just before Wong arrives, allowing Alan to keep his cover. Wong realizes that one of his lieutenants, Foxy, is a police informant. Wong's henchman, Mad Dog, beats Foxy before Alan is ordered to execute him with a shot to the chest, but a cigar lighter Alan placed in Foxy's chest pocket earlier saves his life. Foxy finds Tequila at a jazz bar and informs him that Wong's armory is hidden in a vault beneath a nearby hospital. As Tequila takes Foxy to the hospital, Wong discovers that Foxy is alive and sends Alan to kill him, while also discreetly sending Mad Dog to monitor Alan. At the hospital, Alan confronts Tequila, demanding to know the whereabouts of the vault; while the two are distracted, Mad Dog kills Foxy.Alan and Tequila discover Wong's vault, where they briefly skirmish with Mad Dog. As Pang, officer Teresa Chang, and other inspectors evacuate the hospital, Wong and his men attempt to gain leverage by taking the staff and patients hostage while indiscriminately shooting fleeing patients and responding police officers, irritating Mad Dog with his callousness. Alan and Tequila team up to rescue the hostages and battle Wong's men; meanwhile, Pang evacuates the lobby and takes command at the police perimeter, while Chang and the Special Duties Unit rescue trapped babies from the maternity wing. As they fight their way through the hospital, Alan accidentally shoots a plainclothes officer and is overcome with guilt; Tequila consoles him by sharing his similar experience from the teahouse and encourages him to fight on.The pair eventually confront Mad Dog again. While Tequila leaves to assist Chang and rescue one last baby, Alan and Mad Dog engage in a tense duel before ending in a standoff with a group of crippled patients between them. They allow the patients safe passage to leave, but Wong arrives and guns down the patients while trying to kill Alan, who escapes. Enraged, Mad Dog tries to kill Wong, but is gunned down when his pistol runs out of ammunition. Alan and Tequila kill the remaining gangsters and confront Wong, but he detonates bombs in the armory, setting the hospital ablaze and forcing Tequila to flee with the baby while Alan goes after Wong. As the hospital explodes, Wong drags Alan outside at gunpoint and forces Tequila to humiliate himself. Using this as a distraction, Alan wrestles for Wong's pistol and ends up shooting himself in the chest, surprising Wong enough for Tequila to fatally shoot Wong in the head, before collapsing.Alan is revealed to have survived the ordeal. To protect Alan from the Triads, Pang and Tequila destroy Alan's personnel file and declare him dead, allowing him to leave Hong Kong to start a new life.
1587	Terror in a Texas Town (1958)	Western	Johnny Crale, a gunfighter clad in black, stands in the middle of a street in fictional Prairie City, facing an opponent, George Hansen, who is armed only with a whaler's harpoon.In an extended flashback, we see the wealthy McNeil, who wants to control Prairie City and the land around it. He tries to burn out small ranchers and then hires gunfighter Johnny Crale—described as "Death walking around in the shape of a man"—to run them off. Crale, who wears a prosthetic right hand lost in a previous gunfight, has trained himself to be a deadly shot with his left hand.Swedish immigrant Sven Hansen, who had once been a whaler, learns with his neighbor Jose Mirada that there is oil on their land. When Crale tries to coerce Sven into giving up his ranch, Sven refuses and Crale shoots him dead.The dead man's son, George Hansen, arrives in town and finds out that his father has died, but is not sure how or why. The sheriff is in McNeil's pocket and unwilling to help, but George is determined to take over his father's ranch and to find out who killed his father. George tries talking to Molly, Crale's female companion, who only tells him that she is loyal to Crale because he is even lower than she is. George is set on by Crale and other men of McNeil, beaten unconscious, and dumped on a train leaving town. Coming to and in bad condition, George manages to walk back to the Mirada ranch, where he is cared for and told about the oil on his father's property.In the meantime, the sheriff has informed Crale that Mirada had witnessed the murder of George's father, so Crale also heads to the Mirada ranch. Crale promises to spare Mirada's life if he gets on his knees and pledges to be silent about the killing, but Mirada replies that he knows that Crale will kill him anyway and dies standing. When Crale returns to McNeil's hotel room, he seems shaken, explaining "I saw a man who was not afraid to die."  He tells McNeil that he intends to quit, but when McNeil angrily protests, Crale shoots his employer.Now determined to avenge both his father and his friend, George meets Crale in the street armed only with his father's harpoon, returning the story to the opening scene. Crale shoots and wounds George, who still manages to hurl his own weapon and kill the gunslinger.
1588	Salut cousin! (1996)	Comedy, Drama	Hi Cousin! (French: Salut cousin!) is a 1996 Algerian comedy film directed by Merzak Allouache. The film was selected as the Algerian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 69th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
1589	Schizopolis (1996)	Comedy	Although the film does not have a linear plot, a structure exists, telling the same story from three different perspectives. At the beginning, Soderbergh speaks to the audience in a style meant to evoke Cecil B. DeMille's introduction to The Ten Commandments.Fletcher Munson is an office employee working under Theodore Azimuth Schwitters, the leader of a self-help company known as Eventualism. The first part of the film is seen from Fletcher's perspective, seeing the underlying meaning in everything. He pays more attention to meaning, rather than what is said. He shows less and less attention to other people, to the point where he comes home and communicates with his wife by describing what they are saying. When Fletcher's co-worker Lester Richards dies, Fletcher takes his job as speechwriter. His personal life suffers because of this. He becomes more detached from his wife, who copes by having an affair.Meanwhile, Elmo Oxygen, an exterminator, goes from house to house, bedding the housewives who work for Schwitters. In each house he takes pictures of his genitals using cameras he finds. Elmo and the women speak in a nonsensical code. Fletcher's key will not work in his car door. He looks around to find that his actual car (parked two spots away) is an exact match for the one he is trying to get into. He goes to enter his car when he sees a man who is his exact double get into the car he just tried to enter. Fletcher follows his doppelgänger home, closes his eyes, and becomes him.Next we follow Fletcher's doppelgänger, Dr. Jeffrey Korchek, a dentist. He always wears a jogging suit. He is also a fan of Muzak, and is the mystery man that Fletcher's wife has been sleeping with. Korchek suggests she leave Fletcher for him.The next day, Korchek has breakfast with his heroin-addicted brother, who asks to stay with Korchek and for money. Korchek says that his brother should not be dealing with drug dealers and that he can get him drugs. Korchek goes to work, where he meets Attractive Woman Number 2, Mrs. Munson's doppelgänger. Korchek falls instantly in love and writes her a letter professing such. He leaves the note and goes home, where he sees a car in the driveway. It is Mrs. Munson, who has left Fletcher. Korchek admits that he has fallen in love with someone else. Mrs. Munson is upset and leaves.The next day Korchek gets to work and is confronted by a man who says "Your brother, eight hours, fifteen thousand dollars." Almost all of his dialog consists of these three commands. Korchek goes into the office and finds a letter from a law firm representing Attractive Woman Number 2, who is filing a sexual harassment suit against him. He discovers that his brother has stolen all of his money. Korchek leaves work. Korchek is shot dead. A couple following Elmo approach him, to convince him to stop playing his role in the film, in order to become a star in an action show. Unlike the rest of the film, Elmo's storyline moves forward in time.Finally we see the perspective of Mrs. Munson. We move through the storyline, seeing her experiences with Fletcher and Dr. Korchek and being a mom. The events are the same but Fletcher and Korchek speak foreign languages, similar to the "generic greetings" from earlier. Once Mrs. Munson leaves Korchek, she reconciles with Fletcher and they go home. Fletcher finishes Schwitters' speech. Schwitters mounts the podium and gives the oration. After acknowledging applause with a "Thank you," Elmo bursts in and shoots Schwitters in the shoulder. Schwitters survives and Elmo is arrested and interrogated.In a shopping mall Fletcher narrates events from the rest of his life. Then, Soderbergh returns in front of a blank movie screen and asks if there are any questions. After offering several responses he walks offstage as the camera pulls back to reveal he's been talking to an empty auditorium. The film has no beginning or end credits. A man clad only in a black T-shirt appears at the beginning and conclusion of the film, being chased by men in white coats through a field. In the beginning, the T-shirt sports the title of the film; later, it says "The End."
1590	To Have, or Not (1995)	Drama	To Have and Have Not is a novel by Ernest Hemingway published in 1937 by Charles Scribner's Sons. The book follows Harry Morgan, a fishing boat captain out of Key West, Florida. To Have and Have Not was Hemingway's second novel set in the United States, after The Torrents of Spring. Written sporadically between 1935 and 1937, and revised as he traveled back and forth from Spain during the Spanish Civil War, the novel portrays Key West and Cuba in the 1930s, and provides a social commentary on that time and place. Hemingway biographer Jeffrey Meyers described the novel as heavily influenced by the Marxist ideology Hemingway was exposed to by his support of the Republican faction in the Spanish Civil War while he was writing it. The work got a mixed critical reception. The novel had its origins in two short stories published earlier in periodicals by Hemingway ("One Trip Across" and "The Tradesman's Return") which make up the opening chapters, and a novella, written later, which makes up about two-thirds of the book. The narrative is told from multiple viewpoints, at different times, by different characters, and the characters' names are frequently supplied under the chapter headings to indicate who is narrating that chapter.
1591	Duoluo tianshi (1995)	Drama	Hitman Wong Chi-ming and a woman he calls his "partner" talk while smoking cigarettes. After Wong responds to the partner's question of if they are still partners, the scene cuts into the story.The pair, despite being business partners for nearly three years, rarely meet, exchanging their assassination plans via letters and faxes. The partner cleans the hitman's cramped apartment, buys his groceries, and faxes blueprints of assassination locations. Obsessed with Wong and infatuated with his mysterious nature, she analyzes his trash. After a successful assassination, Wong runs into Ah-Hoi, an old classmate who recognises him. The old classmate tries to sell him an insurance policy, but remembering he does not have a beneficiary, Wong declines.The partner goes to a bar Wong frequents and daydreams about him. After playing a piece of music on the bar jukebox, the partner returns to her apartment and masturbates to the thought of Wong. Afterwards, she encounters Ho Chi-mo, a mute ex-convict on the run from the police in her apartment building. During their second killing of the night, Wong and his partner look for each other in the area. The job is successful, but Wong is shot in the arm.Increasingly frustrated by the monotone, futile life of contract killing and his lack of free will, Wong quits and sets up a meeting with his partner but no-shows. Certain that she will show up at the bar in a couple of days looking for him, he asks the bartender to suggest a piece of music on the jukebox called "Forget Him" (忘記他) with the number "1818". After listening, the partner cries alone at the bar. Meanwhile, Wong has a late night meal at McDonald's, where he encounters an eccentric woman nicknamed "Blondie", who sits next to him and invites him into her apartment. While they spend time together, the scene is juxtaposed against the hitman's partner masturbating until she breaks down crying.Blondie believes Wong is the ex-lover who left her for another woman (likely the hitman's partner). Meanwhile, the hitman's partner walks past Blondie in a subway station and the two turn back and look at each other. The partner detects Wong's scent on Blondie, suggesting she knows about the relationship.After Wong and his partner meet again, he tells her he wants to terminate their business relationship. She asks that he do one more job. Afterwards, Wong breaks off his relationship with Blondie, leaving her heartbroken before she bites him to leave her mark on him. The hitman sets out for his final killing job while the hitman's partner makes a phone call that gives away Wong's location to rivals – revealing the job to be a set-up. Wong drinks alcohol and braces himself in the bathroom for a tense showdown before being killed by his rivals. Wong however is pleased that he has finally been able to achieve free will—the free will to make his own decisions and die.The chaotic Chungking Mansions, where the hitman's partner lives, is also home to Ho Chi-mo, an ex-convict who has escaped prison and is on the run from the police. Recognising their shared backgrounds in criminality, she helps him elude the police when they search for him. Ho is mute and lives with his father. For work, he breaks into other people's businesses at night and sells their goods and services, often forcibly to unwilling customers. He keeps running into the same girl at night, Charlie. Every time they meet, she cries on his shoulder and tells him the same sob story. Her ex-boyfriend, Johnny, left her for a girl named Blondie. She enlists his help in searching for Blondie and Ho Chi-mo falls in love with her. Later, she stands him up and he changes his ways, beginning a friendship and work relationship with a restaurant manager. He begins to film things around him with a video camera. His father passes away, and Ho watches the videos filmed to remember him. He falls back into abusive habits, going so far as to cut off the hair of a man whose family he in the past forced to eat an excessive amount of ice cream. He and Charlie do not come into contact for a few months, but they run into each other while he is masquerading as a business owner. She is in a stewardess uniform and in a new relationship. She does not acknowledge him.Some time later, the partner narrates that she decided to never again be personally involved with her hitmen in the aftermath of Wong's death. Nearby, Ho Chi-mo is also alone when he is beaten up by a local gang. Seeing this, the partner realises that Ho is feeling the same sense of loss as her. They go for a ride on Ho Chi-mo's motorbike. He narrates that while there is no chemistry there is still some kind of connection. As they ride through early-hours Hong Kong they cross through the Cross-Harbour Tunnel in scenes evocative of those of Ho Chi-mo and Charlie earlier in the film, with the light of dawn being the only instance of daytime in the movie. The partner comments that even though it is just temporary and that she has not been close to a man in ages, she enjoys the warmth he brings in the moment.
1592	Magic Hour, The (1998)	Drama	Soon after its debut, the series was panned by critics citing Johnson's apparent nervousness as a host, his overly complimentary tone with his celebrity guests, and lack of chemistry with his sidekick, comedian Craig Shoemaker. Before Shoemaker was chosen, the role was offered to Stephen Colbert and Jimmy Kimmel. Both rejected the role as they didn't think the character would work. The series was quickly retooled with Shoemaker being relieved of his 'sidekick' responsibilities and relegated to the supporting cast after the third episode. Comedian Steve White (who had been part of the supporting cast) became the new sidekick for a period of time. Radio personality and UPN Sports host Kenny Sargent was considered for Johnson's new Ed McMahon styled side man, but finally comedian and actor Tommy Davidson was brought in as the new sidekick and Johnson interacted more with the show band leader Sheila E. Jimmy Hodson was the show's announcer and a comedy cast member. The format of the show was also changed to include more interview time with celebrity guests.
1593	Death in Brunswick (1991)	Comedy	Set and filmed in Brunswick, a Melbourne suburb, it deals with a humble chef, Carl who gets a job at a sleazy nightclub owned by Yanni Voulgaris.  He begins a relationship with the Greek-Australian barmaid, Sophie (Zoe Carides), which soon brings him into trouble with his employers and her strict father. His drug dealing Turkish-Australian co-worker, Mustafa, is beaten up by the Greek-Australian owners.  Thinking Carl told them, Mustafa attacks Carl.  Carl accidentally stabs and kills him.He calls his friend, Dave, a grave digger, and they bury Mustafa. This leads to one of the most famous scenes in the film—Dave's idea that they bury the body in the opened grave of someone else whose husband will be buried above her the following day. Dave expects the coffin of the deceased to be comparatively empty, given how long it has been since she died. When he finds that the rate of decomposition is not what he expects, he begins to stomp and crush her body to make some room.Later, Mustafa's wife and son come to the restaurant and ask Carl if they know what happened to Mustafa. Carl denies having any knowledge and is wracked with guilt.  He gives Mustafa's pay to his wife, even though Dave tells him that it might make him suspect.  Later Mustafa's son sees him at a pool with Sophie.  Knowing that Sophie is also having a relationship with one of the Greek owners, Mustafa's Turkish friends confront Carl.Believing the Greek owners to be responsible, they get their revenge on them, ironically killing the one who was originally responsible for beating Mustafa in the first place.  Carl leaves his job and is later comforted when he sees Mustafa in the church (albeit, in a dream) who offers him a friendly handshake. After his domineering mother suffers a stroke and is left a quadriplegic, Carl marries Sophie, despite her father's protests and the final scene from their wedding is reminiscent of the Last Supper.
1594	Everest (1998)	Documentary	Everest is a 70mm American documentary film, from MacGillivray Freeman Films, about the struggles involved in climbing Mount Everest, the highest mountain peak on Earth, located in the Himalayan region of Nepal and Tibet. It was released to IMAX theaters in March 1998 and became the highest-grossing film made in the IMAX format.
1595	Shopping (1994)	Action, Thriller	Billy is released from prison, but the police are sure he will be back. As soon as his girlfriend picks him up they ram & steal a BMW, leading to an extensive chase, with Billy taunting the police to catch him.
1596	Nemesis 2: Nebula (1995)	Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller	73 years after Alex failed, humans have lost the Cyborg Wars and they are now slaves to the cyborg masters. Rebel scientists have developed a new DNA strain which could signal the end of the cyborgs, and it is injected it into a pregnant volunteer. When the cyborgs learn of the woman and her baby, both are listed for termination. To escape, she steals a cyborg ship and is transported back in time to East Africa in 1980, where the mother is killed but the baby is saved. It takes 20 years, but a cyborg bounty hunter named Nebula eventually locates the young woman, named Alex, and travels back in time to terminate her.
1597	Romper Stomper (1992)	Action, Drama	A gang of violent young neo-Nazi skinheads from Footscray, Victoria, Australia attack three Vietnamese Australian teenagers in a tunnel at Footscray Station, brutally beating two of them. The gang is led by Hando, a violent, reckless, and unpredictable psychopath with strong white nationalist beliefs and homicidal tendencies, with his friend and second-in-command, the quiet, reserved, but similarly violent Davey. At their local pub, Hando and Davey meet Gabrielle, who suffers from poorly controlled epilepsy, the day after her sexually abusive, affluent father Martin has her drug-addicted boyfriend arrested. Gabrielle begins a romantic relationship with Hando, which, despite a strong start, quickly becomes dysfunctional as he becomes increasingly abusive towards her.After the gang vandalises a shopping mall, friends of the gang visit from Canberra, one of whom has joined the Royal Australian Navy. A party at the warehouse follows. The next day two boys go to the pub, which has just been sold to a Vietnamese businessman by the owner. Upon seeing the new owner and his sons, they inform Hando, who arrives with his gang, and they savagely beat two of the new owner's sons, while the third son escapes and calls for help. Fed up with the gang's antagonism and violence, a large mob of armed and angry Vietnamese men, led by Tiger, arrive and descend upon the skinheads. The Vietnamese outnumber the skinheads by droves, and in the ensuing brawl and chase, several skinheads are beaten by the angry mob, among them Magoo, Luke, Champ, and Brett. The rest of the gang are chased back to their rented warehouse, from which they narrowly escape as the Vietnamese mob breaks in and ransacks the building before burning it down.The skinheads soon find a new base at a nearby warehouse, after evicting a pair of squatters, and plan retaliation against the Vietnamese. When the gang agrees to acquire firearms, two female friends of the gang depart in disgust. Gabrielle suggests the gang burgle her father's mansion for the guns. After beating and tying up Martin, the gang ransacks the house, smashes one of his cars, and raids his wine collection. The youngest skinhead, Bubs, steals a deactivated revolver from the house during the burglary. Gabrielle tells Martin the burglary is revenge for his years of abuse, then reveals to Davey her plan to take Hando away from his violent life. Martin eventually frees himself and uses a handgun to scare away the gang, who flee in the trashed vehicle and leave behind most of the stolen goods. Due to this incident, Davey begins to question his violent lifestyle.Agitated by Gabrielle's criticism of the poor outcome of the robbery and their living conditions, Hando abruptly hits, berates, dumps, and then evicts her. Davey, unable to tolerate the excess violence and Hando's cruel and unpredictable nature any further, declares his departure from the gang and gives Gabrielle his German grandmother's address, where he will be staying. Gabrielle informs the police of the gang's location and spends the night with Davey, where they confess their feelings for each other. Davey also reveals his doubts about his violent lifestyle to Gabrielle, having removed the racist patches from his flight jacket out of concern for his grandmother.The morning after, the police raid the warehouse where the skinhead gang is hiding. Bubs is shot in the head after pointing the stolen deactivated gun at the police, and what remains of the gang is beaten and arrested. Hando, who was returning to the warehouse and fled when he spotted the police, successfully evades capture as the last remaining member of his gang.Arriving at Davey's granny-flat, Hando finds his friend in bed with Gabrielle. Hando accuses her of informing the police, but Davey says they were together the whole time since leaving the squat. However, Hando convinces Davey and Gabrielle to come with him by claiming the police will soon raid the residence, and the trio go on the run. They rob a service station, where Hando strangles the Asian attendant to death; and, after driving all night, they stop at Point Addis, Bells Beach the next morning. There, Gabrielle overhears a conversation wherein Hando tries to convince Davey to abandon her. Feeling betrayed, Gabrielle sets their car on fire and admits to tipping the police off about the gang's whereabouts. Hando, infuriated beyond sense, immediately attacks her and attempts to asphyxiate her multiple times, first by strangling her and then by drowning her in the surf. Davey attempts to fight Hando several times and successfully disrupts each attempt on Gabrielle's life, but he is quickly fought off and beaten down each time. Eventually, Hando attempts to smother Gabrielle in the sand, before Davey, desperate to save Gabrielle, stabs Hando in the neck with his Hitler Youth knife. Hando staggers away before finally collapsing. As a busload of Japanese tourists looks on, a weeping Davey attempts to comfort a petrified Gabrielle as Hando's corpse gazes lifelessly out at the ocean.
1598	City of Industry (1997)	Crime, Thriller	Industry City (also Bush Terminal) is a historic intermodal shipping, warehousing, and manufacturing complex on the Upper New York Bay waterfront in the Sunset Park neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. The northern portion, commonly called "Industry City" on its own, hosts commercial light manufacturing tenants across 6,000,000 square feet (560,000 m2) of space between 32nd and 41st Streets, and is operated by a private consortium. The southern portion, known as "Bush Terminal", is located between 40th and 51st Streets and is operated by the New York City Economic Development Corporation (NYCEDC) as a garment manufacturing complex. Founded by Bush Terminal Company head Irving T. Bush in the early 20th century, Bush Terminal was the first facility of its kind in New York City and the largest multi-tenant industrial property in the United States. The warehouses were built between 1892 and 1910, the railroad from 1896 to 1915, and the factory lofts between 1905 and 1925. During World War I, Bush Terminal was used as a United States Navy base, and returned to private ownership after the war. At its peak, Bush Terminal covered 200 acres (81 hectares), bounded by Gowanus Bay to the west and north, Third Avenue to the east, 27th Street to the north, and 50th Street to the south. The surrounding area declined after World War II, and by the 1970s, the ports in Bush Terminal had been filled. The complex was rebranded as Industry City during the post-war years, though the Bush Terminal name remained in popular use. In the 1970s and 1980s, sections of Bush Terminal were demolished or converted for other uses, including a shopping mall, a federal prison, a privately operated manufacturing and commercial complex, and a garment manufacturing district operated by the NYCEDC. Today, the Bush Terminal site comprises roughly 71 acres (29 ha), including 16 former factory buildings and 11 warehouses built in the early 20th century. Renovations and expansions began in the 2010s. A major expansion of Industry City, which would add 3,000,000 square feet (280,000 m2) of space to the complex, was announced in 2017. The section of Bush Terminal operated by the NYCEDC is also being renovated into the "Made in NY" campus, a film, TV, and fashion manufacturing complex that was set to open in 2020, but was delayed.
1599	Someone Else's America (1995)	Drama	Someone Else's America (Serbian Cyrillic: Туђа Америка) is a 1995 drama film directed by Goran Paskaljević. The film presents the story of two people, one from Spain, the other from Montenegro, both living in Brooklyn. The film won the Golden Spike at the Valladolid International Film Festival in 1995.
1600	Guantanamera (1994)	Comedy	Burning Flames are an Antiguan Soca music band from St. John. Their music is influenced by calypso, reggae, ragga, funk, and zouk.
1601	Office Killer (1997)	Thriller	A magazine editor named Dorine, due to budget cuts, is forced to work from home. One night she is called to help fix the computer of a co-worker, Gary Michaels, who is electrocuted while trying to fix the wires. Dorine dials 911, but hangs up when the call is answered. She places the corpse on a cart, rolls it down to her car, loads it in her trunk, and takes it home, placing it in her basement. Then, seemingly without reason, she goes into a murder spree.She begins her spree by murdering another office worker, but later murders two young Girl Scouts who arrive at her door to sell cookies. The young girls join the other corpses in the basement, and Dorine is seen eating the cookies while working on her new laptop.Dorine sends messages from Gary to the remaining office workers, implying he is alive. There are three more murders before the movie ends, all artistically executed. The last murder is the office manager (played by a young Jeanne Tripplehorn), who awakens in the basement, surrounded by dismembered bodies, after being knocked out by Dorine on a lunch date. After dispatching the office manager's boyfriend (a young Michael Imperioli) who had come searching for her with a kitchen knife, Dorine murders the office manager after taunting her for making her and other employees work from home.The last scene shows Dorine, after her mother's death, setting fire to her basement, then, sporting a blond wig and makeup and with the office manager's head in a bag on the seat beside her, driving away in her car, and circling a newspaper ad for an office job.
1602	Price Above Rubies, A (1998)	Drama	Sonia is  a young Brooklyn woman who has just given birth to her first child. She is married, through an arranged marriage, to Mendel, a devout Hasidic Jew who is too repressed and immersed in his studies to give his wife the attention she craves. He even condemns her for making sounds during sex and considers nudity with sex "indecent".Sonia is distressed and later, after a panic attack, she tries to kiss her sister-in-law Rachel. Rachel persuades her to talk to the Rebbe but Sonia cannot truly articulate what is upsetting her, instead resorting to a metaphor of a fire burning her up.Sonia develops a relationship with Sender, who brings her into his jewellery business. Her husband forgets her birthday and Sonia says she longs for something beautiful in her life - even if it is a terrible beauty. Sender is the only release for Sonia's sexuality but she is repelled by his utter lack of morals. He is also abrupt and self-centred in his seductions, never waiting for Sonia to achieve orgasm.Sonia sometimes sees and hears her brother. He appears as a child and judges her actions. On one occasion she buys a non-kosher egg roll whilst in Chinatown and her brother tells her off and an elderly street beggar-woman sees him and offers him candy. She comments on another woman's earrings and this leads Sonia to track down the maker of a ring she had discovered earlier that day.The maker is Puerto Rican artist and jewellery designer Ramon, who works as a salesperson in the jewellery quarter but keeps his artistry a secret from everyone in the business.Later Sonia's husband tells her she cannot continue to work. She is furious. Her husband insists they see a marriage counsellor (their rabbi) but the man decides Sonia is not being a good enough Jew. She says she is tired of being afraid and if she is so offensive to God then 'let him do what he wants to me.' The counsellor says we bring suffering upon ourselves but Sonia protests that her relatives who were murdered in the Holocaust and her brother who died when he was ten did not deserve their suffering. The counsellor says that 'we' do not question the ways of God but Sonia corrects this to 'you' and asserts that she will question whatever she wants to.Sonia stops wearing her wig and starts wearing a headscarf instead. She introduces Ramon and some samples to a jewellery buyer who expresses an interest in his potential as a designer. They argue at Ramon's flat as she becomes bossy over his career, and he tries to get her to model (clothed) with a naked male model so he can complete a sculpture. She runs away.Sonia's marriage breaks down irrevocably. Sonia is locked out of her apartment, and finds that her son has been given to Rachel. She is told she may live in a tiny apartment owned by Sender and kept for 'business purposes'. When she arrives, Sender is eating at a table and it is clear he has set her up as his mistress when she asks what the price is to stay: he says above that of emeralds but below the price of rubies. This is 'freedom'. Sonia hands him back the keys and leaves.None of her friends will take her phone calls and Sonia is homeless. She meets the beggar-woman on the street and is taken to an empty studio and given food. The woman refers to an old legend (one her brother spoke of at the start of the film), to encourage Sonia. Meantime, Mendel takes back his son - for nights only. Rachel protests but he says he would appreciate her caring for his son during the day when he is studying.Sonia now goes to Ramon's place and he lets her stay. She says he was right to be wary of her when they met as she has destroyed every good thing she had. But Ramon disagrees, removes her jewellery, and points out that her necklace is 'a chain'. (It is unclear if the necklace is of religious significance or if he means the need to have financial security through jewellery is a chain or restriction). The two end up kissing.Sonia dreams her brother returns from the lake to say he swam, and she - as her childhood self - says she swam too. When she wakes up in Ramon's bed there is a prominent crucifix on the wall. Sonia goes to speak to the widow of the Rebbe. The widow tells her that Sonia's words about being consumed by fire had awoken a fire in the Rebbe and for the first time in 20 years he had said 'I love you.' It is implied that they had sex and the Rebbe had a heart attack. The widow is not unhappy with this outcome. She assists Sonia in reclaiming property from Sender's safe.With Ramon's ring back in her keeping she returns it to Ramon. She doesn't want to stay as she does not feel she belongs. Ramon offers her time to think about what she wants.Mendel arrives. Sonia asks after her son and then if Mendel misses her. He shakes his head. He asks the same of her and she shakes her head. They laugh. He apologises for forgetting her birthday but he knows that this was not all it was about. He gives her a ruby as token of his regret and invites her to visit their son.Mendel leaves and Sonia says, 'God bless you'.
1603	Angela (1995)	Drama	Angela is a 10-year-old girl trying to cope with a dysfunctional family and is on a quest to 'purify' herself. Her parents, Mae and Andrew, are former musicians who have resigned themselves to the loss of their dreams. They are now having problems in their relationship. Mae has drastic mood shifts that bring her from manic happiness to utter misery. Andrew tries to hold everyone together, but Mae's vacillations are becoming more than he can manage.Angela tries to cope by inventing an imaginary universe of 'order' for herself and her 6-year-old sister, Ellie. Left to figure out everything for themselves, she grabs at scraps of religion, superstition, and fantasy to try to make some sense out of the world and understand the difference between good and evil.She and Ellie concoct magical rituals and have visions of fallen angels and the Virgin Mary; reading signs in the way a towel falls off a chair or a tool falls off a truck, they set off to find their way to heaven. They wander through the neighborhood, meet a lot of strange people, and try to find a way to absolve themselves of whatever sins they may have committed, and 'go to heaven'.At first, the stories that Angela tells Ellie are mainly meant to scare her into submission. But as time goes on, and her mother succumbs to mental illness, Angela becomes obsessed with the idea that the only way her mother is going to get better is if she and her sister can wash away all of their sins.At the end of the film, Angela takes Ellie to the river to be baptized, but drowns after being washed away with the current. Ellie is left standing alone, only to begin rising up from the river in a pose reminiscent of an angel.
1604	He Walked by Night (1948)	Crime, Film-Noir, Thriller	On a Los Angeles street, Officer Rob Rawlins, a patrolman on his way home from work, stops a man whom he suspects of being a burglar and is shot and mortally wounded. The minor clues lead nowhere. Two police detectives, Marty Brennan and Chuck Jones, are assigned to catch the killer, Roy Morgan, a brilliant mystery man with no known criminal past. Morgan is hiding in a Hollywood bungalow and listening to police calls on his custom radio in an attempt to avoid capture. His only relationship is with his small dog.Roy consigns stolen electronic equipment to fence Paul Reeves and is nearly caught when he tries to collect on his property. Reeves, threatened with prosecution, agrees to cooperate. The case crosses the paths of Brennan and Jones, who stake out Reeves's office to arrest and question Roy. However, Roy suspects a trap, and in a brief shootout, he shoots and paralyzes Jones. Jones wounds Roy, who performs surgery on himself to remove the bullet and to avoid the hospital, where his wound would be reported to the police. With his knowledge of police procedures, Roy changes his modus operandi and escalates his crimes to armed robbery. During one robbery, the police manage to recover an ejected casing from his gun. Forensics specialist Lee Whitey matches the ejector marks on the casing to those recovered in the killing of Rawlins and the wounding of Jones, connecting all three shootings to one suspect.Captain Breen uses the break in the case to gather all of the witnesses to the robberies. They assist Lee in building a composite sketch of the killer. Reeves then identifies Roy from the composite. However, Roy hides in Reeves's car and attempts to intimidate him into revealing details of the police investigation; Reeves alerts the cops staking out his home and Roy flees.Because the police do not realize that Roy has inside knowledge of their work, the case stalls and Breen reassigns Brennan for poor performance. Jones convinces his partner to stop viewing the case personally. Brennan then digs deeper and learns that Morgan once worked for a local police department as a civilian radio technician before he was drafted into the army. Brennan then obtains Morgan's address through the post office and goes undercover as a milkman to case his apartment for a raid.The police carry out the raid that night, but Roy, alerted by his dog's barking, flees through the attic and uses the Los Angeles storm-drainage tunnel system as a means of escape. A dragnet and a chase through the drainage tunnels ensue. Roy is finally cornered by the police in a passage when his exit is blocked by the wheel of a police car atop a manhole cover. As police tear gas affects Roy, he staggers and fires one last time at them. He is then shot and killed.
1605	Love Serenade (1996)	Comedy	Love Serenade is a 1996 Australian comedy film written and directed by Shirley Barrett. It has the tagline: "Two sisters will do anything to hook the right man". There are not many characters in Love Serenade, which is set in a fictitious, almost-deserted town called Sunray, located on the Murray River. It is a thinly disguised version of Robinvale, Victoria, which was the location of the film. The film is about a pair of sisters, Dimity (Miranda Otto) and Vicki-Ann (Rebecca Frith), who share a house. Dimity, the shy and insecure sibling, is a waitress at a local Chinese restaurant. Vicki-Ann, the brash one, is a hair stylist. Both are looking for love, although the prospects in Sunray seem bleak, at best. That is, until Ken Sherry (George Shevtsov), a thrice divorced Brisbane DJ personality, moves into the house next door. During the filming of the Silo Scene, stuntman Collin Dragsbaek died when he fell onto a faulty airbag.
1606	Deceiver (1997)	Crime	The grisly murder of a high-end call girl, Elizabeth Loftus, is being investigated by tough detective Kennesaw and his less experienced partner Braxton. (Braxton has an illegal gambling debt of $20,000; upon being asked, Kennesaw agrees to cover half of it to get Braxton out of trouble with the bookie.)  The two bring in textile company heir James Wayland for questioning about the murder.Wayland is an epileptic, which causes memory lapses and occasional acts of violence during epileptic episodes. He is given a lie detector test, but passes repeatedly.  After three days of interrogation, he turns the tables on his interrogators.  He knows about Braxton's gambling debt and drops the full amount on the table.  He then reveals that Kennesaw's wife had an affair, and that Kennesaw acted out his anger at his wife with Loftus. Wayland produces a video tape that shows Kennesaw assaulting Loftus in her apartment.  He challenges Kennesaw to take the lie-detector test; Kennesaw passes the question "Did you kill Elizabeth Loftus?" but fails the question "Did you kill your wife?"  Braxton reminds Kennesaw that his wife is alive, to which Wayland responds, "Yes, well, Ken's a little confused about who his wife actually is."  Wayland accuses Kennesaw of killing Loftus in place of killing his wife, with whom he was enraged.Having cleared himself of the murder, Wayland makes to leave the interrogation room.  Kennesaw, in a state of high agitation and distress, demands he sit back down. Determined to get a straight answer out of Wayland, he pulls out his revolver and loads one bullet into it, spins the chamber, counts to three, and pulls the trigger; it doesn't fire.  He does this two more times before Braxton can physically restrain him, but he throws Braxton off and again threatens Wayland.  Wayland finally agrees to talk.Wayland states he had been with Loftus in her apartment the night she was killed.  He'd left to buy beer, and when he returned, he heard commotion inside her apartment and then a sound like someone leaving from the back exit.  When he entered the apartment, he found Loftus dead.  Afraid he would be implicated, he decided to create a murder scene that would be considered "out of character" for someone such as himself, thereby reducing the likelihood he would be considered a probable suspect.  He therefore cut Loftus in half and carried her out of the apartment in suitcases.The stress of recounting the events brings on an epileptic fit, during which he hits his head and dies. While the paramedics are removing the body, we see a black-gloved hand pick up the bottle of pills Wayland had taken during the last part of the interrogation, and which he had left on the cooler; this is not the same bottle he'd produced days earlier to show the officers what he took for his epilepsy.Some time later, Braxton has applied for and received a transfer, despite being up for a promotion—it's rumored it's because he can't get along with Kennesaw. After packing up his desk, Braxton drops an envelope full of large bills into Kennesaw's desk drawer.One year later, a man approaches a young woman sitting on a park bench late at night and tries to strike up a conversation.  She responds, "You can get into a lot of trouble being out this late," and gets up to leave. The camera pans to the man's face and it's Wayland.  He responds, "That's the idea."
1607	Hurricane Streets (1998)	Drama	14-year-old Marcus Frederick resides in Manhattan's Lower East Side with his grandmother, Lucy. His mother Joanna has spent the last nine years of Marcus's life in prison for smuggling undocumented people into New Mexico, while his father presumably died in a car accident when Marcus was five. Lucy owns and operates her own bar called Lucy's, which gives Marcus a lot of unsupervised time to spend with his four friends Chip, Benny, Louis, and Harold. The group spends their time committing petty theft and hanging around in their underground clubhouse near the waterfront. Chip has grown tired of the small-time crime and wants to move into more serious theft, such as robbery. Meanwhile, Marcus has aspirations to move back to his home state of New Mexico and live on a ranch with his uncle Billy, who had promised to mail Marcus an airplane ticket.While selling stolen merchandise to elementary school children one day, Marcus meets 14-year-old Melena. Marcus invites Melena to his fifteenth birthday party, but she declines because her father Paco, an abusive tow truck driver, doesn't approve of her staying out late. That night, Melena sneaks out of her apartment and meets Marcus in front of the bar where she gives him her ski mask as a gift before leaving.The next morning, Marcus receives a flight ticket to New Mexico in the mail and relays this information to Lucy. Unbeknownst to Marcus, the ticket was actually sent by Mack, a regular patron at the bar who believes it would do Marcus well if he left the city.Marcus, Benny, and Louis are subsequently introduced to Justin and Shane, Chip's drug-dealing friends from Miami. Marcus tells Melena about his plans to move to New Mexico and asks her to join him, but she turns it down because she knows her father would never approve and she is not able to afford the ticket.When Marcus is hauled to the police station for continuing to sell stolen goods, he learns from a detective named Hank that his mother is actually in prison for murder, not smuggling undocumented immigrants like she had told him. Marcus visits Joanna and tells her about Melena and his plans to travel to New Mexico. When Marcus confides that he knows she's in prison for murder, Joanna explains that his father was abusive towards her and young Marcus and she didn't know how to tell her son without upsetting him. She also discloses her parole hearing isn't until another four years, but promises Marcus they will go to New Mexico once she is out.Marcus' friends plan on breaking into a policeman's apartment and stealing his valuables, but Marcus refuses to get involved after his run-in with the police. Paco drives to the group's clubhouse where Melena and Marcus congregate regularly. Paco finds the pair and harshly disciplines Melena before leaving with her. A vengeful Marcus rides his bicycle to Melena's apartment and knocks Paco out cold.Marcus and Melena run away and camp out in a tent for the day. They plan to meet at Penn Station at noon the next day to catch the train after Melena agrees to travel to New Mexico with him. In order to procure the money for the train fare, Marcus joins his friends in the robbery plot. Meanwhile, in his search for Melena, Paco sneaks back to the clubhouse. When he hears the group approaching, he hides in the closet.When Chip insults Harold's ability to play darts, Harold pulls out a stolen gun and jokingly shoots the target on the dartboard to show off. Unknowingly, Harold has shot and killed Paco, whose body falls from the closet. Marcus takes the keys to Paco's tow truck and uses the crane to lift and release Paco's body into a shallow grave. Harold's guilt prompts Marcus' fears that he may go to the police.On the day Marcus and Melena are supposed to leave New York, Marcus visits the ruins of a building where he keeps a hidden stash of money, only to find that it is missing, along with the loot from the robbery. While Marcus is riding his bicycle downtown, he sees Chip showing off a brand new Diamondback bicycle to a crowd of onlookers. Marcus punches him in the face, accusing Chip of stealing the robbery loot and his money stash to pay for the bike. Justin and Shane accost Marcus before the former reveals he is the one who stole the money, not Chip. Justin, Shane, and Chip then mercilessly beat Marcus to the ground before leaving.Marcus returns to the clubhouse and takes the gun before noticing an unmarked car and a police cruiser pull up. It is revealed that Benny reported Paco's murder to the police. Two police officers question Lucy on Marcus's whereabouts. Soon after, Chip is arrested by police. Running out of time and desperate for cash, Marcus enters a convenience store and robs the cashier, Duane, at gunpoint. Marcus races to Penn Station where he reunites with Melena. The two board the train and Melena, not knowing her father is dead, remarks that her dad is going to kill her when he finds out she has left. Marcus, knowing the truth about her father, doesn't respond.
1608	Buddy (1997)	Adventure, Children's, Drama	Set in the 1930s, eccentric millionaire Trudy is an unapologetic animal lover.Trudy takes her two newly arrived chimpanzees Joe and Maggie to the movies, causing lots of stares. Returning home to her grand estate, she greets her varied animals: kittens, horses, a cheeky talking green parrot, her prize-winning champion pack of briards, a raccoon, a porcupine, a tortoise and a flock of geese.Dr. Bill Lindz, Trudy's amiable husband, calls her to the phone. After the call she explains to Dick, their animal handler, he is solely in charge of the animals until the evening, and she drives off to Philadelphia.There, finding a sickly baby gorilla, Trudy whisks him home, adding to their family. Bill determines that Buddy, as she names him, has severe pneumonia. Life resumes in the Lintz household, while Trudy plies him to take a bottle. The chimpanzees cause a mischievous ruckus in the kitchen, which she ends using a type of rattle that scares them.Not having luck finding information about gorillas, Trudy travels to see Professor Spatz, who claims knowledge of them from travel to Congo, but can give her no true insight. She marches home, determined to raise Buddy similarly to the chimpanzees, as her own son.Buddy finds life in the city very difficult to deal with. Trudy discovers that he, unlike the chimpanzees, dislikes baths. He does not like sharing Trudy either. As he grows he gets stronger, making him hard to control. The chimpanzees often get up to mischief, thanks to Maggie's skill at getting the key, unlocking their cages.A couple come to visit the mansion, the man convincing Trudy to bring the apes to show  in the Chicago World's Fair. Bill tries to get her to leave Buddy at home, foreseeing problems. The chimpanzees, now there are a few more, are a great hit. However, naughty Maggie unlocks Buddy's cage. He has a particularly bad experience, as he gets disoriented. The noises, plethora of people and unfamiliar things unsettle him. The fair empties from fear of him.Buddy has constant flashbacks of the incident, leaving him traumatised and making things even harder for him at home. After he goes on an aggressive rampage, causing a lot of damage to their home, Trudy finally takes Buddy to an ape sanctuary to live among his own kind in peace.
1609	B*A*P*S (1997)	Comedy	Brasópolis is a municipality in Minas Gerais, Brazil. Previously called São Caetano da Vargem Grande, it was renamed after its most famous son, Venceslau Brás, ninth President of the Republic, although he was born in neighbouring Itajubá. The municipality contains part of the 180,373 hectares (445,710 acres) Fernão Dias Environmental Protection Area, created in 1997.
1610	Truth or Consequences, N.M. (1997)	Action, Crime, Romance	Raymond Lembecke is an ex-con just out of prison after serving time for selling drugs for his boss Eddie Grillo. Lembecke was innocent, but took the fall for Grillo. Lembecke thinks Grillo owes him, so when his former boss gets him a measly job in a warehouse, he decides on revenge and plans to steal a million dollars' worth of drugs from him.Lembecke plans the heist with Marcus Weans, who unbeknownst to them is an undercover DEA agent, and the disturbed trigger-happy Curtis Freley. Lembecke's girlfriend Addy Monroe also comes along. Curtis kills an undercover DEA agent (who's wearing a wire) during the heist. They decide to skip town and head to Las Vegas to sell the stolen goods; later they hope to make it to Mexico.As they head out of the city they kidnap a couple who own a recreational vehicle. But soon, hostage Gordon Jacobson falls under the spell of the Stockholm syndrome and begins to emulate his kidnappers and wants to stay involved in their hunt. In addition to fleeing the police, the group must also now avoid an assassin named Sir who has been dispatched by the mafia, because Eddie Grillo was merely working for the real mob boss in Las Vegas, Tony Vago, who they have just attempted to sell the drugs to. In effect they were selling Vago's own drugs back to him.They visit Wayne, a former jail mate of Lambecke, to try to make another connection to sell the drugs in New Mexico. This leads them to the empty home of Lembecke's brother in Truth or Consequences, NM to make the deal, where all forces convene against them.
1611	Intimate Relations (1996)	Comedy	Marjorie Beaslie is a housewife in her forties who takes in a lodger named Harold Guppey, who has just stumbled into town to look up his long-lost brother. Although seemingly prudish (she no longer sleeps in the same bed as her husband, for "medical reasons"), Marjorie takes a liking to Harold despite him being a good twenty years her junior, and they begin to have a clandestine affair. Marjorie insists that Harold refer to her as "mum", giving more than a little oedipal slant to their lustful antics.Marjorie's youngest daughter is fourteen-year-old Joyce, a precocious girl who alternates between trying to act grown up by putting on make up and smoking cigarettes, and acting childish by disturbing people with tales of medieval punishments and giggling at rude words.Joyce is fascinated by Harold and with her teasing behaviour she cunningly turns him from being apathetic towards her to being intrigued. When Joyce catches Harold and Marjorie in bed together, she seemingly does not realise what they are up to and merely thinks they're having an innocent "bunk up". She talks her way into getting into the bed with them. Harold and Marjorie continue their intimate relations whilst Joyce pretends to be asleep, realising what is actually going on.A few days later, Joyce blackmails Harold into taking her to a hotel for the night, where he turns the tables on her with every intent and purpose but actually diverts his attention by doing much the opposite as he seduces her before spurning her.Marjorie's much-older husband, Stanley, is a one-legged World War I veteran who sleeps in a separate room and is oblivious to Harold's relationships with either Marjorie or Joyce, as is the rest of their suburban community.Sick of being caught between a mother and daughter, who are too old and too young for him respectively, Harold tries to get out of the house and move away by joining the army and getting a new girlfriend. However, Marjorie manages to emotionally blackmail him into coming back. One day, Harold takes Marjorie and Joyce out for a picnic, although things are tense between the trio. Having sent her daughter Joyce away to play, Marjorie begins to ravish Harold, but Joyce returns and hits her mother with an axe. Harold panics and attempts to get Marjorie into the car to take her to hospital but, with blood streaming down her face, Marjorie manages to pick up a knife Harold drops and attacks him with it. Harold fights Marjorie off and stabs her to death. Joyce then tries to attack Harold and he stabs her to death too. Finally, Harold stabs himself in the stomach in an attempt to emphasise that his actions were out of self-defence.It is said in a post-script that he, the real Albert Goozee, was sentenced to death for Joyce's murder.
1612	Leading Man, The (1996)	Romance	A brash American actor, Robin Grange, goes to London to feature in a major new play. The playwright of the production, Felix Webb, is having an intense affair with the leading lady, Hilary Rule. His wife of fourteen years, Elena, suspects that her husband is cheating and cannot suppress her rage. Robin comes up with an intriguing plan; to seduce Felix's elegant wife to end hassling her husband. In desperation, Felix agrees, but soon faces a dilemma in that he feels increasingly jealous of Robin's attempts to seduce his willing wife, especially when he charms (and attempts to seduce) Hilary and the other members of the production and becomes too popular at Felix's expense. Felix is caught in a web of deceit and jealousy, prompting him to seek revenge on the opening night of his new production.
1613	Tokyo Fist (1995)	Action, Drama	Tsuda Yoshiharu, a door-to-door insurance salesman, takes up boxing after a chance meeting with a former high school friend, Kojima Yakuji. Tsuda is shown to be under immense stress due to having to support both himself and his fiancée, Hizuru, who quit her job after they became engaged. One day, Kojima turns up at Tsuda's apartment claiming he was invited, and Hizuru lets him in. While ostensibly waiting for Tsuda, Kojima comes on to Hizuru, who rejects him. Still, Tsuda finds out and becomes enraged. He confronts Kojima only to be beaten badly and humiliated in front of Hizuru.Intrigued by the animalistic Kojima, Hizuru breaks up with Tsuda and moves in with his rival. She also starts to pierce herself and get tattoos. Hizuru also wants to take up boxing but is denied that life by the surprisingly cowardly Kojima, who says she is a scary freak of a woman. Kojima is offered a fight against an incredibly deadly boxer and is shown to be wary of accepting.Kojima explains to Hizuru how he got into boxing. When he and Tsuda were in high school, a mutual friend was killed by salarymen. Tsuda and Kojima both vowed to learn boxing and take revenge when the culprits were released from prison. However, Tsuda abandoned this plan and suppressed the memories of the event, leaving only Kojima continuing down this path. To Kojima, Tsuda has become "a nobody" reminiscent of the salarymen. Hizuru warns Kojima that, by provoking Tsuda, he is inadvertently creating a killing machine. Kojima brushes off Hizuru's offer to fight her, to which she berates Kojima and states that everyone considers him a coward. In a rage, Kojima accepts the dangerous fight he had been offered earlier.Tsuda's continued efforts to win Hizuru back, leading to a confrontation where they bond by beating each other's faces to a pulp. Hizuru returns home to engage in aggressive sex with Kojima. Tsuda and Kojima have a sparring match in their boxing club, in which Kojima nearly beats Tsuda to death. Afterwards, Kojima fights his real boxing match while Tsuda is in the hospital being treated for his bleeding eye. Meanwhile, Hizuru has gone overboard with the piercings and has implanted several metal bars into her flesh.Kojima wins the match, but he has been pushed past his limit and his face is shown to be unrecognizable because of injuries. His face breaks apart while he is celebrating his victory, suggesting fatal wounds. Hizuru is shown in a field, where she attempts to rip out her various piercings, but ends up bleeding to death. Tsuda is last seen standing in front of an apartment building, the pupil of his eye now missing. The final shot of the film is a zoom in on a punching bag hanging in an empty boxing gym while the cheers of a crowd are heard.
1614	Reluctant Debutante, The (1958)	Comedy, Drama	When 17-year-old Jane Broadbent comes to London to live with her wealthy father Lord Jimmy Broadbent, her stepmother Lady Sheila feels compelled by her own social aspirations to introduce Jane to society. Jane is bored by the debutante balls she attends and the young men she is introduced to, but she becomes interested in a drummer named David Parkson who has a reputation for leading young women astray. To complicate matters, an upper-class man with perfect credentials, David Fenner, relentlessly pursues Jane although she openly detests him.Parkson's reputation is undeserved, but Sheila is convinced otherwise. She tries to keep him away from Jane while her garrulous friend Mabel schemes to secure David Fenner for her own daughter, Clarissa.Sheila's plans fail miserably. Jane and Parkson fall in love with each other and Parkson proposes to Jane. He also inherits an Italian dukedom which makes him a better "catch" than David Fenner and satisfies Sheila's concerns for Jane's social status.
1615	Warriors of Virtue (1997)	Action, Adventure, Children's, Fantasy	Middle school student Ryan Jeffers suffers a disability to his leg, preventing him from trying out for sports and fitting in. He is currently the waterboy of his school's football team and has a crush on quarterback Brad's girlfriend. He often seeks escape through comic books and dreams of adventure, hiding the depression of his disability from his mother.One day, the owner of his favorite restaurant, his friend Ming, gives him a manuscript of Tao representing the five elements: Earth, Fire, Water, Wood, and Metal. He advises Ryan to live his life no matter his physical limits. That night, Ryan and his best friend Chucky are approached by Brad and his friends, who suggest an initiation for their group. Leading them to a water plant, Ryan is told he needs to cross a narrow pipe to sign his name on a wall of graffiti. Ignoring Chucky's protests, Ryan attempts to cross, but a water pipe opens and throws Ryan into the water.Ryan wakes in a strange forest and is attacked by assailants drawn off by a creature from the lake. As he escapes, he realizes his leg works. He meets a dwarf-like man named Mudlap before a beautiful girl named Elysia drives him off. She tells Ryan that he is in Tao. Ryan tells her about the manuscript, which had been lost in his backpack. Believing it to be the Manuscript of Legend, Elysia takes Ryan to Master Chung, and he meets four of the five warriors, anthropomorphic kangaroos each representing an element: Lai, Warrior of Wood; Chi, Warrior of Fire; Tsun, Warrior of Earth; and Yee, Warrior of Metal. He is told that Yun, the Warrior of Water, had left them following an earlier conflict and that the manuscript would be sought by Komodo, a warlord who betrayed the Warriors and is stealing from the Lifesprings of Tao to stay young forever. Ryan is captured by Komodo's henchmen, Mantose, Barbarocious, and Dullard, but is saved by Yun. Ryan convinces Yun to return to the Lifespring.Ryan flees, wanting to return home, but Mudlap leads him into General Grillo's arms, and Chung saves him. Yun, Yee, and Chi go after the manuscript and fall into a trap after being betrayed by Elysia, who joins Komodo in an act of vengeance against Yun for killing her brother by accident. They are nearly killed in a trap but narrowly escape using their skills, and they return to the Lifespring to prevent Komodo from ambushing the others. Komodo fights Chung and ultimately kills him, then makes off with Ryan.When Ryan awakens at Komodo's palace, Elysia begs him to read from the book so that Komodo can invade his world for more Lifesprings. Ryan realizes he can't read the book, which upsets Komodo, who tries to strike him down. Elysia interferes and is struck down by Barbarocious. Komodo kills Barbarocious in rage as Ryan escapes. Komodo returns to the Lifespring and challenges the Warriors to one-on-one combat, splitting into five versions of himself. He taunts and defeats the warriors while Ryan, after getting an apology from Mudlap for his betrayal, finds an inscription in the manuscript. Ryan tricks Komodo into overusing his power, weakening him so the warriors can purify his spirit, reforming him into a kind man, and purifying his army. Ryan, mortally wounded, is surrounded by his friends, and Yee astonishes his comrades by thanking Ryan, speaking for the first time in years.Suddenly, Ryan is back at the water plant before crossing the pipe. Realizing his desperation to fit in led to his accident, this time, he refuses to cross it. The water pipe opens like before, trapping Brad on the other side. His insults to his friends only prompt them to leave him behind for the police to find. That night, Ryan apologizes to his mother for an earlier argument. When he goes to bed, he offers to tell his dog about Tao.
1616	Desert Winds (1995)	Drama	In meteorology, prevailing wind in a region of the Earth's surface is a surface wind that blows predominantly from a particular direction. The dominant winds are the trends in direction of wind with the highest speed over a particular point on the Earth's surface at any given time. A region's prevailing and dominant winds are the result of global patterns of movement in the Earth's atmosphere. In general, winds are predominantly easterly at low latitudes globally. In the mid-latitudes, westerly winds are dominant, and their strength is largely determined by the polar cyclone. In areas where winds tend to be light, the sea breeze-land breeze cycle (powered by differential solar heating and night cooling of sea and land) is the most important cause of the prevailing wind. In areas which have variable terrain, mountain and valley breezes dominate the wind pattern. Highly elevated surfaces can induce a thermal low, which then augments the environmental wind flow. Wind direction at any given time is influenced by synoptic-scale and mesoscale weather like pressure systems and fronts. Local wind direction can also be influenced by microscale features like buildings. Wind roses are tools used to display the history of wind direction and intensity. Knowledge of the prevailing wind allows the development of prevention strategies for wind erosion of agricultural land, such as across the Great Plains. Sand dunes can orient themselves perpendicular to the prevailing wind direction in coastal and desert locations. Insects drift along with the prevailing wind, but the flight of birds is less dependent on it. Prevailing winds in mountain locations can lead to significant rainfall gradients, ranging from wet across windward-facing slopes to desert-like conditions along their lee slopes.
1617	Hugo Pool (1997)	Romance	Hugo Dugay runs a small company, Hugo Pool, that cleans swimming pools in Los Angeles. The film covers one day in her life, during which she must clean many pools in the midst of a drought that interferes with her usual water supply. In addition to dealing with several eccentric customers, including mobster Chick Chicalini and filmmaker Franz Mazur, Hugo must care for her needy parents Minerva and Henry.  Also, Hugo may be falling in love with Floyd Gaylen, a customer of hers who has ALS.
1618	King of New York (1990)	Action, Crime	Frank White, a drug lord, strives to control New York City's criminal underground. Shortly after his release from Sing Sing Penitentiary, White and his crew, led by his trigger-happy right-hand man Jimmy Jump, consolidate power by eliminating their rivals in the Colombian drug cartel and Triad. White personally executes a Mafia boss who refuses to cooperate with him.White's exploits catch the attention of the NYPD's narcotics squad. Detectives Bishop, Gilley and Flanigan confront White but lack any tangible evidence to arrest him. They instead turn their attention to White's henchmen, whom they arrest after a surviving member of the Colombian drug cartel agrees to cooperate with the police.White's lawyers intervene and free the men from jail. Gilley and Flanigan, extremely frustrated at White's use of the law to dodge justice, decide to simply murder White and his crew. They storm a night club where White is partying and kill many of his men. White and Jump survive the raid but are chased by Gilley and Flanigan. Jump ambushes and mortally wounds Flanigan. Gilley is unable to resuscitate his partner, and executes Jump in a fit of rage.A grief-stricken Gilley attends Flanigan's funeral, where he is abruptly assassinated by White in a drive-by shooting. White then confronts detective Bishop in his own apartment. He holds him at gunpoint while explaining that he eliminated the Colombian drug cartel and Triad in New York City because he disapproved of their involvement in human trafficking and child prostitution. White restrains Bishop to a chair and leaves.Bishop escapes his restraints and chases White into the subway. Both men draw guns on each other, but White uses an innocent bystander as a human shield. The two exchange gunfire and Bishop is killed. White exits the subway and makes his way to a taxi in Times Square. He clutches a gunshot wound to his torso and watches as police surround his taxi. White goes limp as the police close in on him.
1619	All Things Fair (1996)	Drama	In 1943 in the midst of World War II, Stig is a 15-year-old boy in his third year at a Malmö school, having moved with his family to the area from Stockholm two years prior. He is close with his older brother Sigge, a boxer who will soon be leaving for duty on the front lines. One day during class, Stig gets into trouble for passing notes and is asked by his teacher Viola to stay behind. She demands to see the note, which reveals the boys' ignorance about sex in embarrassing detail. As punishment, Viola has Stig wash the blackboard and get rid of the flies in the classroom. Stig develops an attraction to the married Viola and feigns an interest in her collection of dictionaries as an excuse to be around her. Viola reciprocates Stig's affections and soon they embark on an affair. Stig and Viola's husband, Kjell, happen to both be at Viola's home one day and Stig is spotted by Kjell before he can make an escape. Kjell, a salesman, is not angry at Stig and does not appear to suspect the boy of anything, assuming him to be a tutee of his wife. Kjell and Stig begin to form an easy bond over classical music, a pastime Stig's father has no appreciation for.Meanwhile, Stig's neighbor and classmate Lisbet takes a liking to him and tries to learn the Stockholm dialect via radio to get his attention. Sigge sends Stig letters from aboard the submarine Ulven written in a special code between the two siblings. One day Kjell catches Stig walking around his house in a robe, and Stig is forced to come clean. It is revealed Kjell knew of the affair the whole time, but is unable to do anything about it. Kjell confesses his marital problems with Viola stem from his own infidelity shortly after their wedding, with the relationship not improving thereafter. Kjell's friendship with Stig continues, but his alcoholism becomes more apparent to the boy and he starts to question his relationship with Viola.After a family party, Lisbet leads Stig to her bedroom and offers her virginity to him. Stig is flustered and Lisbet leaves, hurt by his perceived lack of interest. Later, he tries to make amends to Lisbet and sneaks into the girls' locker room at school, hiding inside a vault. He manages to get her attention from inside, and Lisbet happily climbs in with him to consummate their feelings in secret. Stig later hears an alarming radio update about a submarine explosion. He anxiously checks his letter from Sigge which confirms he was aboard the same submarine. A devastated Stig keeps the news to himself at first, but his mother deduces what has happened.  Lisbet is at the local cinema where Stig is a concessions worker. Searching for Stig, she walks in on him having sex with Viola in a storage closet. Lisbet is disgusted and rejects Stig's apologies. Stig goes to Viola's house intending to break things off with her, but she has been drinking and is in an emotional state since being caught by Lisbet. Viola refuses to talk with him and the boy ends up succumbing to her. Later, Viola tells Stig after class one day that she has decided to fail him because he didn't pass her class. Stig knows the real reason is because of their relationship and his desire to end it. He threatens to tell the authorities about them but Viola counters that no one would believe his account. On the last day of the school year, Stig is informed by the school principal he will indeed be repeating a grade. Stig goes to get Viola's grade book from her classroom but finds all the pages for his record have been ripped out. At the same moment, a plane approaches the school, which is celebrating its last day, and dumps fuel on the school grounds, causing injury to some students.Stig attends the funeral for his brother and his fellow submariners with his parents. On the train ride back home, Stig's mother, unaware of her son's affair with Viola, expresses regret at not writing notes to the school to excuse Stig's bad grades and poor attendance. She believes his school performance has been hampered by working late nights at the cinema and because of the strain of Sigge's military service. She starts to suspect there was something more to Stig's school woes, but Stig stops her and says he will tell her the whole story someday when she's older. Stig visits Kjell and pleads with the man to help him clear his name and academic record, but Kjell remains passive and ineffectual. During the ceremony where Viola is handing out school reports to students, Stig barges in and walks right up to her, denouncing her by showing his genitals and not taking his report. The film ends with Stig exiting the school, carrying all the dictionaries he has stolen from Viola's desk with him in a suitcase.
1620	Sixth Man, The (1997)	Comedy	The National Basketball Association's Sixth Man of the Year (colloquially known as the 6MOY) is an annual National Basketball Association (NBA) award given since the 1982–83 NBA season to the league's best performing player for his team coming off the bench as a substitute (or sixth man). A panel of sportswriters and broadcasters from throughout the United States and Canada votes on the recipient. Since the 2022–23 NBA season, winners receive the John Havlicek Trophy, named after the eight-time NBA champion. Each judge casts a vote for first, second and third place selections. Each first-place vote is worth five points; each second-place vote is worth three points; and each third-place vote is worth one point. The player with the highest point total, regardless of the number of first-place votes, wins the award. To be eligible for the award, a player must come off the bench in more games than he starts. The 2008–09 winner, Jason Terry, averaged the most playing time of any sixth man in an award-winning season; he finished the year with an average of 33.7 minutes played per game with the Dallas Mavericks. Bobby Jones was the inaugural winner of the award for the 1982–83 NBA season. The 2023–24 recipient was Naz Reid of the Minnesota Timberwolves. Jamal Crawford and Lou Williams are the only three-time winners of the award. Kevin McHale, Ricky Pierce and Detlef Schrempf won the award twice. McHale, Toni Kukoč, Bobby Jones, Bill Walton, and Manu Ginóbili are the only Hall of Famers who have won the award; Walton, along with James Harden, are the only award winners to have earned NBA MVP honors in their careers. Manu Ginóbili is the only award winner to be named to an All-NBA team in the same season. Mike Miller and Malcolm Brogdon are the only award winners to have also won NBA Rookie of the Year. Manu Ginóbili, Detlef Schrempf, Leandro Barbosa, Toni Kukoč, and Ben Gordon are the only award winners not born in the United States. Gordon was the first player to win the award as a rookie. Of the five foreign-born winners, three were trained completely outside the U.S., namely Ginóbili, Barbosa and Kukoč. Schrempf played two years of high school basketball in Centralia, Washington before playing college basketball at Washington, and Gordon was raised in Mount Vernon, New York and went on to play in college at Connecticut.
1621	Butterfly Kiss (1995)	Thriller	Eunice, a bisexual serial killer, travels along the bleak motorways of Lancashire, searching filling stations for a mysterious woman named Judith and asking about finding a song that she vaguely remembers, always asking if the cashier's name is Judith.  She does this at one and, after the cashier tells her her name is Wendy, not Judith, Eunice murders her, stealing her name badge.After searching fruitlessly at another, she travels outside and douses herself with petrol.  The cashier, Miriam, dashes out and offers her to stay for the night at her apartment, where she lives with her invalid grandmother; on their way Eunice shows Miriam a stack of letters she claims were written by Judith.  At the apartment, Eunice strips off her clothes, revealing herself to be covered in chains, piercings and tattoos, reciting a religious poem as she undresses.Eunice seduces Miriam, only to leave the following morning, writing "your not Judith" on her mirror in toothpaste.  Eunice hitches a ride with a delivery driver named Tony, whom she murders as they have sex, stealing his van. Miriam, abandoning her grandmother, catches up with Eunice by hitchhiking with Mr. McDermott, a friend of hers, joining her in the stolen van.As the two arrive at a forest, Eunice reveals the corpse of Tony, Miriam offers to help her conceal the evidence, and drags the body out to bury it.  Eunice abandons Miriam and goes to a nearby restaurant, leaving Miriam to deal with the corpse. At the diner she meets a waitress, Angela and invites her to sit at her table.  Eunice returns to Miriam, who, overcome to see her return, fawns over Eunice in gratitude.  The two sleep in a stolen car and take off the following morning, after Miriam finds Eunice walking along the beach.  As they eat breakfast at a filling station café, Eunice attempts to stop Miriam from following her, commanding her to go home, though Miriam refuses.At the filling station, they pick up two hitchhikers, Gary and his 12 year old daughter, Katie, on their way to Morecambe.  On their way, Eunice takes a detour to an amusement park. Whilst Eunice is away from the car, Miriam discovers the body of Angela in the boot and refuses to allow Gary and Katie to travel any further with them.  As they are about to leave the park, Eunice spots Katie sitting alone and orders Miriam to find Gary.  When Miriam and Gary arrive, they find Eunice standing by the car alone. She tells Gary that Katie went off to find him, sending him away in turn.  As Eunice and Miriam travel away, Miriam sits in silence, believing she has murdered Katie.  Katie then pops up in the back seat, frightening Miriam.  Miriam forces Eunice to pull over and leaves Katie by the side of the road, telling her to find someone to take her back to the park.  On a bridge over the motorway, Eunice explains that she could not kill Katie only because Katie refused to look at her; she curses God for having forgotten her and allowing her to get away with such horrific crimes.  To comfort her, Miriam assures her that she will stay with her and do all she can to make her a better person; Eunice coldly tells her it is impossible.As they come to a truck stop, they get rid of the stolen car and meet a philosophical truck driver named Robert with whom Eunice strikes up a conversation.  After making a light-hearted joke at her expense, Eunice invites Robert to have sex with the two of them, putting forward Miriam. Miriam is hesitant, but Eunice orders her to do what she says, disappearing into the night.  As Robert begins to have sex with Miriam, Eunice, hearing Miriam's cries, returns and bludgeons Robert to death with a stolen headlight, stealing his lorry.  At the next filling station, Eunice asks, as normal, if the cashier's name is Judith, when she says that it is, Eunice kisses her. The woman throws her off in shock, stating that she has no idea who Eunice is. Eunice flies into a rage, just as Miriam intervenes and removes her from the shop.Miriam negotiates a ride with Mr. McDermott and as they go with him, Eunice begins to throw his cassettes out the window, stating that he needs to be punished. Mr. McDermott, revealing himself to be a masochist, agrees with her.  Mr. McDermott checks the three of them into a hotel room and, whilst Miriam is out getting food, begins to have sex with Eunice.  When Miriam returns, she sees the two of them in the shower and, believing that McDermott is raping Eunice, beats him to death with the shower hose.  Eunice calmly states that now they are both in hell.  In the car as they flee, Eunice torments Miriam over what she has done, telling her that her life is over.  Miriam tears up and changes the subject by identifying the song that Eunice had been looking for, "World In Motion" which she had misremembered as a love song (Miriam had heard the song playing in the grocery shop).  Miriam asks Eunice what she wanted to do once she found Judith to which Eunice tells her that she wanted to make Judith into a religious sacrifice. As they stop the car in a remote area, Eunice tells Miriam that she wants to become the sacrifice herself.  Stripping off, Miriam begins to remove the chains which Eunice wears as 'her punishment', as the sun rises the following morning, the two travel down to the beach where Eunice recites the bible as they march out to the sea, as the tide comes in, Eunice orders Miriam to force her head under the water, to drown her.  The film closes as Miriam cradles the body of Eunice in a Pieta pose, sobbing in the midst of the rising sea.
1622	Paris, France (1993)	Comedy	Paris is the capital and largest city of France, with an estimated population of 2,048,472 in January 2025 in an area of more than 105 km2 (41 sq mi). It is located in the centre of the Île-de-France region. Paris is the fourth-most populous city in the European Union. Nicknamed the City of Light, Paris has been one of the world's major centres of finance, diplomacy, commerce, culture, fashion, and gastronomy since the 17th century. Paris is a major railway, highway, and air-transport hub served by three international airports: Charles de Gaulle Airport, Orly Airport, and Beauvais–Tillé Airport. Paris has one of the most sustainable transportation systems and is one of only two cities in the world that received the Sustainable Transport Award twice. Paris is known for its museums and architectural landmarks: the Musée d'Orsay, Musée Marmottan Monet, and Musée de l'Orangerie are noted for their collections of French Impressionist art. The Pompidou Centre, Musée National d'Art Moderne, Musée Rodin and Musée Picasso are noted for their collections of modern and contemporary art. Part of the city along the Seine has been classified as a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1991. Paris is home to several United Nations organisations, including UNESCO, as well as other international organisations such as the OECD, the OECD Development Centre, the International Bureau of Weights and Measures, the International Energy Agency, the International Federation for Human Rights, along with European bodies such as the European Space Agency, the European Banking Authority and the European Securities and Markets Authority. The city hosts different sporting events, such as the French Open, and is the home of the association football club Paris St-Germain and the rugby union club Stade Français; it hosted the Summer Olympics three times.
1623	Cérémonie, La (1995)	Drama	La Cérémonie tells the story of a young woman, Sophie Bonhomme (Sandrine Bonnaire), who is hired as a maid by the Lelièvre family. The Lelièvres live in an isolated mansion in Brittany. The family consists of four members: Catherine (Jacqueline Bisset) and Georges, the parents, who have no children together, but one each from previous marriages. Gilles is Catherine's and her ex-husband's son. He is a lonely teenager who loves reading and has a passion for arts in general. Melinda is Georges' and his late wife's daughter. She studies at a university and only spends the weekends at home, where she invites her boyfriend Jérémie. The household chores are excessive for Catherine – who owns her own art gallery – so she requires a maid's help and hires Sophie. Throughout the film Sophie avoids using the dishwasher, refuses to take driving lessons, buys fake eyeglasses, and has trouble giving a cashier the correct change. The viewer finds out later that Sophie is illiterate and has a history of violence since she is believed to have killed her disabled father, or at least not to have rescued him from the fire she might have set in his house.Once in the small village, Sophie meets Jeanne (Isabelle Huppert), the postmistress, who occasionally works in a charity and reads a lot. However, Jeanne proves to be a bad influence on the maid since she is jealous and aggressive towards a lot of people, including the Lelièvres, whose mail she vandalises. She also has a violent history: she was charged with the murder of her four-year-old daughter, but she was later acquitted. The two friends meet regularly either for a charity project (that they end up ruining) or for a film; television being Sophie's main pastime. Sophie is treated rather nicely at the Lelièvres, who mean well towards her, but their patronizing attitude and the affection they have for each other create a feeling of jealousy and frustration both in Sophie and in Jeanne. This frustration reaches its climax when Georges fires Sophie for attempting to blackmail Melinda, who found out about her illiteracy. It is what triggers the climax of the film, which sees Sophie and Jeanne seize Georges's shotguns and murder the family who were watching a Mozart opera on television.Jeanne leaves the crime scene and is killed in a car accident by the priest who had fired her from the charity she worked for. Sophie, for her part, walks away from the house after having wiped their fingerprints off the guns, making her way through the police squads at the accident. The end credits begin with the music of the opera that is being played back by a policeman on Melinda's tape-recorder, which Jeanne stole and put in her car. At the end of the credits, the gunshots can be heard on the tape and then the voices of Jeanne and Sophie, constituting evidence against them. Chabrol presents an ambiguous view of culture and class conflict in this film, which he jokingly called "the last Marxist film."
1624	Hush (1998)	Thriller	A couple, Helen and Jackson Baring, lives together in New York City. The two drive to the Kentucky farmhouse, Kilronan, where Jackson grew up, primarily to introduce Helen to Jackson's mother, Martha, during the Christmas holidays. They arrive late in the evening and go straight to bed. The next morning Helen awakens to Martha arranging the room. During their stay, Martha tries to convince Jackson to stay to help her run the farm. Martha cleans their room and arranges their things every day, including Helen's contraceptive.After returning to New York in the new year, Helen discovers that she is pregnant. When she informs Jackson of this, he asks her to marry him and she accepts. The wedding is held at Kilronan.After it, they return to New York. One night after work, Helen is assaulted by a burglar who steals her locket and makes sexual advances. When Helen says that she is pregnant, he cuts her abdomen and leaves. The fetus is not injured.Martha arrives unannounced, saying that she wants to sell Kilronan because she cannot run it alone. Helen tells Jackson she wants to move to Kentucky and in with Martha for a year and help renovate the land. Jackson reveals that his father Jack died in Kilronan when he was seven; Jackson blames himself because he ran into Jack, pushing him down the stairs to his death. Jackson adds that Jack had been cheating on Martha with a woman named Robin Hayes. Helen says that they should return to Kilronan so Jackson can face his "old ghosts".The couple move in with Martha, who attempts to divide them with subversive comments and manipulating the family friends and neighbors. Helen goes to the doctor and discovers that Martha told him Helen wanted to have the baby at Kilronan, even though Helen had never said that. Suspicious and annoyed, Helen talks to Jackson's paternal grandmother Alice, who says that Jackson is not responsible for Jack's death. When Jack fell, his sternum was supposedly crushed by the nail puller that he fell onto at the bottom of the stairs; this was a freak accident. Helen returns that evening and finds Jackson calling around asking for her whereabouts with Martha hovering nearby. Helen's frigid attitude toward her mother-in-law prompts Martha to visit Alice and warn her to stay away from them.Tired of Martha's manipulations, Helen tells Jackson that Martha is tearing their marriage apart. He agrees to return to New York and tells Martha, who appears to accept it gracefully. Martha is convinced the baby will be a boy, and that Helen is a bad influence on Jackson and the baby.Jackson leaves the farm on a work call, leaving Helen and Martha alone. That evening, Martha bakes a strawberry cheesecake for Helen laced with pitocin, a labor inducer. Helen wakes up the next morning, feeling strange. She discovers a baby room set up by Martha and finds her stolen locket amongst the baby clothes. When Martha unexpectedly enters the room, Helen tries unsuccessfully to escape, driving to a neighboring farm and coming face to face with her attacker from New York, a neighbor of Martha's, then attempting to escape on foot before Martha captures her at the side of the highway.Reluctantly, Helen gives birth at the house, with Martha offering assistance, but refusing to give Helen painkillers. Martha leaves the room to answer a call from Jackson. She tells him that everything is okay, but when Helen screams in pain, Martha hangs up.Helen eventually gives birth to a healthy boy. She begs Martha to hand her the baby, but Martha ignores her, telling the baby she is his mother. Martha tries to inject a needle full of morphine in Helen's arm, but Helen knocks the syringe away. After retrieving it, Martha hears Jackson's footsteps in the house. She quickly cleans up, meeting Jackson at the door with the baby. She tells him to leave Helen alone, as he has no idea what she has been through. The two leave Helen asleep, and Martha gives the baby to Jackson.That night, Martha enters Helen's bedroom with the syringe, but finds Jackson awake in a chair next to the bed. Despite Martha's insistence that Jackson return to bed, he stays, thereby thwarting her plan. The next morning, Helen awakens near Jackson and the baby. Helen holds her child and tells Jackson to ask Martha to make breakfast for them.At breakfast, Helen enters the house with the nail puller that killed Jack in her bag. She then proceeds to tell Jackson the truth about Jack's death, revealing that Martha was actually the one having an affair with Robin Hayes, who was a male horse wrangler and not a woman as Jackson had been told by Martha. Jack discovered the affair and decided to leave Martha, who staged the 'accident' to get rid of him and tricked Jackson into believing that he was responsible for it to control him for the rest of his life. Helen shows Jackson a bruise from Martha's attempt to murder her so she could have him and their son to herself. Martha denies everything and says that Helen cannot prove anything. However, Jackson by now has remembered that Martha was pulling nails off the shed on the day Jack died, and thus realized the truth of Helen's words. Furious, Jackson disowns Martha from their lives, and announces the sale of Kilronan and its contents. Enraged, Martha attempts to persuade Jackson that Helen is coming between them out of jealousy, claiming that Helen wants to be her. Helen shuts Martha up by slapping her to the ground, and she and Jackson then leave the house with their baby, while a defeated Martha breaks down sobbing on the floor. The couple later visit Alice before they leave for good, presenting her with her great-grandson.
1625	Nightwatch (1997)	Horror, Thriller	Law student Martin Bells is hired as a night watchman at a hospital morgue. A string of gruesome prostitute murders committed by a necrophiliac serial killer quickly point to him as the lead suspect in the investigation carried out by Inspector Thomas Cray. At the same time, Martin slowly discovers clues that point to the real perpetrator.
1626	Nobody Loves Me (Keiner liebt mich) (1994)	Comedy, Drama	On the brink of her 30th birthday Fanny Fink (Maria Schrader) is desperate because she has been unable to find love. Things begin to change when she meets Orfeo (Pierre Sanoussi-Bliss). 
1627	Wife, The (1995)	Comedy, Drama	Jack and his wife Rita, both professional therapists, live and work in virtual isolation in a remote Vermont cottage. One night, one of Jack's patients, Cosmo, unexpectedly turns up with young wife Arlie in tow. And the more the couples talk and drink, the more tension builds over what personal issues are being shared in analysis, as well as the private troubles of the therapists themselves.
1628	Lamerica (1994)	Drama	After the fall of communism in Albania, Italian scam artists Gino and Fiore make their way to Albania in order to open a shell corporation and pocket state contributions. After discovering that the Albanian figurehead for the corporation is a relative of their go-between, they replace her with Spiro Tozai, an old man taken from a hospice. It is later discovered that Tozai is in reality Michele Talarico, a former Italian colonist who has been in hiding since the Second World War. In his senile state, he is convinced that he is still a 20-year-old recruit and longs to see his son, whom he still thinks is a child.Talarico wanders off, followed by Gino, who is eventually arrested in Tirana after the shell corporation is exposed. Gino is released, but with his passport confiscated, forcing him to board a ship bound for Italy overflowing with Albanian refugees. He finds Talarico there who, in a state of dementia, believes the ship is heading to America.
1629	Nico Icon (1995)	Documentary	Christa Päffgen (German pronunciation: [ˈkʁɪsta ˈpɛfɡn̩]; 16 October 1938 – 18 July 1988), known by her stage name Nico, was a German singer, songwriter, actress, and model. Nico had roles in films including Federico Fellini's La Dolce Vita (1960) and Andy Warhol's Chelsea Girls (1966). At the insistence of Warhol, she sang lead on three songs of the Velvet Underground's debut album, The Velvet Underground & Nico (1967). At the same time, she released her debut album, Chelsea Girl (1967), composed of songs written by other musicians. At the suggestion of her friend Jim Morrison, she started writing her own material, using a harmonium, not traditionally a rock instrument. John Cale of the Velvet Underground became her musical arranger and produced The Marble Index (1968), Desertshore (1970), The End... (1974) and other albums. In the 1980s, Nico toured extensively in Europe, United States, Australia and Japan. After a concert in Berlin in June 1988, she went on holiday in Ibiza, where she died from a cerebral haemorrhage following a bicycling accident.
1630	Silence of the Palace, The (Saimt el Qusur) (1994)	Drama	Set in 1950s Tunisia, the film is about a 25-year-old woman, Alia, who returns to her place of birth—a prince's palace in which her mother, Khedija, worked as a house servant and mistress. Alia had fled the palace ten years earlier, at which time she spent burying tortured memories of her childhood. In her visit to pay respects for the death of the prince, Alia wanders through the largely abandoned palace where she is confronted by these memories represented as detailed flashbacks of her childhood. She begins to piece together a narrative about her mother's sexuality and sexual exploitation in a space ordered by gender and class difference, and is re-awakened to her persistent questioning about her father's identity. As Alia negotiates her past, she also deals with her current relationship to her lover, Lotfi, who has asked her to have what seems to be yet another abortion. Her development throughout the film contrasts her awakening to a past of sexual and social servitude which many of the female servants experienced in the palace against her own contested independence fraught with pain, conflict and uncertainty. 
1631	Slingshot, The (1993)	Comedy, Drama	Roland (Salén) is the 12-year-old son of a Russian Jewish mother (Frydman) and a socialist father (Skarsgård), coming of age in 1920s Stockholm. Due to his family's background he has become an outcast, a constant target of bullying by his peers, and often humiliated and physically punished by a sadistic schoolteacher (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) in front of classmates. In retaliation against his tormentors, Roland steals condoms from his mother's tobacco shop inventory and turns them into crude slingshot weapons. He also falls in love with a neighbourhood girl (Frida Hallgren) but as Roland attempts to toughen up and improve his troubled life, he also allies with the wrong group of friends and inadvertently makes himself a juvenile offender.
1632	Land and Freedom (Tierra y libertad) (1995)	War	The film's narrative unfolds in a long flashback. Elderly David Carr has died of a heart attack and his granddaughter discovers old letters, newspapers and other documents in his room: what we see in the film is what he had lived. Carr, a young unemployed worker and member of the Communist Party, leaves Liverpool and travels to Spain to join the International Brigades. He crosses the Spanish border in Catalonia and coincidentally ends up enlisted in a POUM militia commanded by Lawrence, on the Aragon front. In this company, as in all POUM militias, men and women – such as the young and enthusiastic Maite – fight together. In the following weeks and months he becomes friends with other foreign volunteers, like the Frenchman, Bernard and the Irishman, Coogan and the latter's girlfriend Blanca – with whom David Carr later falls in love – also a member of POUM, and also the ideologue of his group. After being wounded and recovering in a hospital in Barcelona, he finally joins – in accordance with his original plan and against the opinion of Blanca – the government-backed International Brigades, and he encounters the Soviet propaganda and repression against POUM members and anarchists; he then returns to his old company, only to see them rounded up by a government unit requiring their surrender: in a brief clash Blanca is killed. After her funeral he returns to Great Britain with a red neckerchief full of Spanish earth. Finally the film returns to the present and we see Carr's funeral, in which his granddaughter throws the Spanish earth into his grave after speaking lines from "The Day Is Coming", a poem by William Morris. Join in the battle wherein no man can fail, For whoso fadeth and dieth, yet his deed shall still prevail. Afterwards she performs a raised fist salute.
1633	Á köldum klaka (Cold Fever) (1994)	Comedy, Drama	Hirata is a successful Japanese businessman whose plan for a two-week winter holiday in Hawaii to play golf changes when his elderly grandfather reminds him that he should go to Iceland. Hirata's parents died there seven years ago, and the seven-year anniversary of a death is a significant event in Japanese culture. Hirata must perform a ceremony in the river where they died after drowning in an avalanche – the drowned must be fed by the surviving family members if they are to find peace. Hirata arrives in Reykjavík, Iceland. His final destination is a remote river on the far side of the island. He encounters one mishap and misadventure after another. He first accidentally gets on a wrong bus filled with German tourists traveling to see the hot springs. He also confronts a language barrier; Hirata cannot speak any Icelandic, and knows very little English. After his first day's misadventures, Hirata decides to purchase an ancient, bright red Citroën DS to make the journey. During the long drive, Hirata meets several strange people along the way. These include the mystical woman who sells him the car, which only plays one radio station. Next, Hirata meets a local woman who collects photographs of funerals. The following day, Hirata meets Jack and Jill, two American hitchhikers, who turn out to be armed and dangerous fugitives who proceed to steal his car. Nearing his destination on foot, Hirata arrives in a small village where he meets an old man named Siggi, the owner of a local lodge who teaches Hirata how to drink the most potent alcoholic beverage in Iceland. After explaining his determination to travel to where his parents died, Hirata is aided by Siggi who borrows a pair of Icelandic horses from a local farmer, and the two of them travel on horseback to Hirata's destination. After riding across an ice cap glacier, over a ridge and into the valley where Hirata's parents died, he dismounts and tells Siggi that he must go on alone to complete his journey. After traversing a rickety bridge to the river, Hirata arrives at the river bank where he performs his cleansing ceremony at last. He then rejoins Siggi waiting for him and they both ride on their horses down a gully where they make it to a beach and the final shot shows them riding down the coast towards a nearby coastal village which hopefully will have a ferry to take Hirata back to Reykjavík and presumably back to Japan.
1634	Etz Hadomim Tafus (Under the Domin Tree) (1994)	Drama	''
1635	Two Friends (1986) 	Drama	The film begins in the present and works backward in time to show how Louise and Kelly, once inseparable best friends, grew apart over the course of a year. Louise is a studious high school student and has a typical love-hate relationship with her divorced mother. Kelly, who has bleached hair and identifies with the punk style, lives with friends at the beach and experiments with drugs and casual relationships. The film progressively shows the subtle changes that set the two girls on different paths.
1636	Brothers in Trouble (1995)	Drama	Freddie Fletcher (born 1950) is an English actor best known for playing Jud, in Ken Loach's 1969 film Kes. He also appeared in the ITV series Fox.
1637	Girls Town (1996)	Drama	Four girls—Patti, Emma, Angela, and Nikki—are completing their senior year of high school and ponder what might be their last year together before they all go on separate paths. Emma and Nikki in particular are bound for college, while Patti is an unwed teen mother. When Nikki unexpectedly commits suicide, the three remaining girls discover Nikki's journal and learn she had been raped while working as an intern at a local magazine. The shattering revelation causes the girls to realize they didn't know Nikki, or even each other, as well as they thought. They also begin to offer up their own stories of oppression by the men in their lives, with Emma revealing to the group that she too was raped. The girls band together to seek revenge on Emma's attacker, Patti's abusive ex-boyfriend, and finally, Nikki's rapist.
1638	Normal Life (1996)	Crime, Drama	Chris (Luke Perry), a young police officer meets the attractive and sexy Pamela (Ashley Judd) and immediately falls in love with her. Even her drug and alcohol problems cannot affect his mad love for her and they decide to marry. As the relationship continues, more problems arise. Their passionate love is accompanied by destructive fights and Pam's emotional problems start to surface. She shows no respect for Chris’s family members who are very important to him. Pam's also manipulative and exploits Chris’s love for her, leaving him to do all the chores and making him buy her expensive things until they are on the brink of bankruptcy.Trouble escalates when Chris loses his job after trouble with a fellow officer. To finance Pam's lifestyle, Chris decides to earn a living by robbing banks. Pam's fascinated with his bank heists and begs him to tag along. After having finally robbed enough banks to afford a house of their own, Chris decides to stop a life of crime, much to Pam's chagrin. Pam soon leaves Chris who quickly finds himself unable to live without her. Chris then agrees to start robbing banks again, which proves to be fatal for the duo.
1639	Bitter Sugar (Azucar Amargo) (1996)	Drama	"Azúcar amargo" is a song recorded by Mexican singer Fey from her second album Tierna la Noche. The song was written by Mario Ablanedo with his production alongside David Boradoni, and it was released as the album's lead single on 16 October 1996 through Sony Music Entertainment Mexico. A dance pop song about a relationship which brings her both joy and pain; the song's title literally means 'bitter sugar', and is used in the context of the term 'bittersweet'. It quickly became a hit song, reaching the number-one in Mexico, Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Peru. In the United States, it topped the Latin Pop Airplay and reached number 8 on the Hot Latin Tracks, both from Billboard. "Azúcar amargo" is considered Fey's most successful and signature song.
1640	Eighth Day, The (1996)	Drama	The Eighth Day (French: Le huitième jour) is a 1996 Franco-Belgian comedy-drama film that tells the story of the friendship that develops between two men who meet by chance. Harry (Daniel Auteuil), a divorced businessman who feels alienated from his children, meets Georges (Pascal Duquenne), an institutionalised man with Down syndrome, after Georges has escaped from his mental institution and is nearly run over by Harry. The film was selected as the Belgian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 69th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee. The film was written and directed by Jaco Van Dormael. Some scenes in the film appear as dream sequences, often employing magical realism. The music of Luis Mariano ("Mexico," and "Maman, Tu Es La Plus Belle Du Monde") is used in these scenes, with actor Laszlo Harmati playing Mariano, who died in 1970. The original music score is from Pierre Van Dormael, Jaco's brother.
1641	Dadetown (1995)	Documentary	This is a partial list of films shown at the Sundance Film Festival (called the Utah/US Film Festival in its earliest years and then the U.S. Film and Video Festival, before becoming the Sundance Film Festival in 1991).
1642	Some Mother's Son (1996)	Drama	Some Mother's Son is a 1996 Irish-American film written and directed by Irish filmmaker Terry George, co-written by Jim Sheridan, and based on the true story of the 1981 hunger strike in the Maze Prison, in Northern Ireland. Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) prisoner Bobby Sands (played by John Lynch) led a protest against the treatment of IRA prisoners, claiming that they should be treated as prisoners of war rather than criminals. The mothers of two of the strikers, played by Helen Mirren and Fionnula Flanagan, fight to save their sons' lives. When the prisoners go on hunger strike and become incapacitated, the mothers must decide whether to abide by their sons' wishes, or to go against them and have them forcibly fed. Helen Mirren and John Lynch had already acted together in the 1984 Troubles-related film Cal. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival.
1643	Angel Baby (1995)	Drama	Harry and Kate meet during therapy and fall passionately in love. They believe their love is so strong that it will allow them to go off their medication, and this is where their problems begin.
1644	Sudden Manhattan (1996)	Comedy	Sudden Manhattan is a 1996 comedy film written and directed by and starring Adrienne Shelly. The movie was distributed by Phaedra Cinema, which specialized in independent movies such as this. The cast included Tim Guinee and Roger Rees. It was filmed in New York and tells the story of a group of Manhattanites, one of whom, Donna (Shelly), witnesses a murder.
1645	Butcher Boy, The (1998)	Drama	The film is set in Ireland in the early 1960s in the small town of Clones. Francie Brady is a 12-year-old boy whose imagination is fuelled by television - aliens, communists, the Atomic Age. When his mother suffers a nervous breakdown and ultimately dies by suicide, he is left in the care of his father, an emotionally distant and ill-tempered alcoholic. Francie spends most of his time with his best friend Joe Purcell talking about "gangsters, cowboys and Indians, comic-book monsters and the early-1960s threat of nuclear annihilation." However, when Francie's growing conflict with another boy, Phillip Nugent, and his mother begins to go too far, he ends up at reform school. Here, he is molested by Father Sullivan, and finds solace only in his fantasies about a foul-mouthed Virgin Mary. He returns home to find Joe has outgrown him and befriended Phillip Nugent. Before long, his father has drunk himself to death. Faced with being left completely alone in the world, Francie loses his grip on reality and lashes out with uncontrollable brutality, which shocks his provincial hometown.
1646	Men With Guns (1997)	Action, Drama	Men with Guns (Spanish: Hombres armados) is a 1997 American political drama film edited, written and directed by John Sayles, inspired by the 1992 novel The Long Night of White Chickens by Francisco Goldman. It stars Federico Luppi, Damián Delgado, Damián Alcázar and Mandy Patinkin. The executive producers were Lou Gonda and Jody Patton. Set in an unnamed Latin American country, it is the story of one man's discovery of what actually happened in the political history of his nation as well as his students. It was filmed in Mexico and most of the crew were Mexican.
1647	Hana-bi (1997)	Comedy, Crime, Drama	Yoshitaka Nishi is a violent former police detective who had to retire after a tragic accident during a botched arrest in which another detective, Tanaka, was killed by the suspect while two others, Nakamura and Horibe, were severely injured. Becoming unemployed, Nishi spends most of his time taking care of his sick wife Miyuki, who has terminal leukemia. To pay for his wife's care, Nishi borrows money from the yakuza but is having difficulty repaying them.Meanwhile, Horibe, who has been paralyzed since the incident, suffers deep depression after his wife and daughter leave him. In a conversation with Nishi, Horibe hints at committing suicide, while adding that he would like to paint but cannot afford to buy himself the necessary materials. After a botched suicide attempt, Horibe receives art supplies mailed to him by Nishi. He then takes up painting and creates surreal works of art, and later in a pointillist style.Nishi buys a second-hand taxicab and repaints it in police colors. He arms himself with a revolver and robs a bank dressed as a policeman. Using the money, he pays off the yakuza and gives some to Tanaka's widow. Nishi then leaves with his wife for a road trip. Nakamura learns from Tanaka's widow about the gift and advises her to keep the money. He also learns about the paints for Horibe and soon realizes who committed the robbery. Nakamura and his partner attempt to reach Nishi, eventually tracing his route as he and his wife embark on their trip.Meanwhile, even though Nishi has paid his debt to them, the yakuza deduce Nishi committed the robbery and attempt to extort additional money from him. The yakuza track down and confront Nishi, but he kills them all in a violent shootout. The next day, Nishi and his wife are at a beach when they are found by Nakamura and his partner. They prepare to arrest Nishi, but Nishi asks Nakamura to spare him a moment of time, watching a girl trying to fly a kite. The couple comforts each other before the camera pans away towards the ocean before two gunshots are heard in the distance.
1648	Niagara, Niagara (1997)	Drama	The Niagara Escarpment is an approximately 1,050-kilometre-long (650-mile) discontinuous, arc-shaped but generally northward-facing escarpment, or cuesta, in Canada and the United States. The escarpment begins south of Lake Ontario and circumscribes the top of the Great Lakes Basin running from New York through Ontario, Michigan, and Wisconsin. Notably, the escarpment is the cliff over which the Niagara River plunges at Niagara Falls, for which it is named. The escarpment is a UNESCO World Biosphere Reserve. The reserve has the oldest forest ecosystem and trees in eastern North America. The escarpment is not a fault line but the result of unequal erosion. The cliff-forming rock exposed along the escarpment is a belt of limestone and dolomite of the Lockport Formation of Silurian age. The Niagara Escarpment is the most prominent of several escarpments formed in the bedrock of the Great Lakes Basin. For example, the Onondaga Formation, which runs in a parallel outcrop belt just to the south of the Lockport Formation through western New York and southern Ontario, forms a separate escarpment. The Niagara Escarpment traces, and in part shapes, the individual basins and landforms of Lake Ontario, Lake Huron, and Lake Michigan. In Rochester, New York, the Genesee River flows through the city in three waterfalls over the scarp face. The escarpment thence runs westward to the Niagara River, forming a deep gorge north of Niagara Falls, which itself cascades over the scarp face. In Southern Ontario, it spans the Niagara Peninsula, closely following the Lake Ontario shore through the cities of St. Catharines and Hamilton, where it takes a sharp turn north in the town of Milton toward Georgian Bay. It then follows the Georgian Bay shore northwestwards to form the spine of the Bruce Peninsula and Manitoulin Island, as well as several smaller islands in northern Lake Huron, where it turns westwards into the Upper Peninsula of northern Michigan, south of Sault Ste. Marie. It extends down the Garden Peninsula and Potawatomi Islands into Wisconsin following the Door Peninsula and then continues more inland from the western coast of Lake Michigan until ending in the southeastern corner of Dodge County.
1649	Big One, The (1997)	Comedy, Documentary	Much of the film features Moore unsuccessfully chasing the heads and chief executives of major corporations around the US in order to confront them or conduct a personal in-depth interview. He is eventually able to talk with Phil Knight at Nike. The film criticizes President Bill Clinton, and other major candidates in the 1996 presidential election, for failure to address economic issues. It discusses Clinton's betrayal of progressive economic ideals.
1650	Butcher Boy, The (1998)	Drama	The film is set in Ireland in the early 1960s in the small town of Clones. Francie Brady is a 12-year-old boy whose imagination is fuelled by television - aliens, communists, the Atomic Age. When his mother suffers a nervous breakdown and ultimately dies by suicide, he is left in the care of his father, an emotionally distant and ill-tempered alcoholic. Francie spends most of his time with his best friend Joe Purcell talking about "gangsters, cowboys and Indians, comic-book monsters and the early-1960s threat of nuclear annihilation." However, when Francie's growing conflict with another boy, Phillip Nugent, and his mother begins to go too far, he ends up at reform school. Here, he is molested by Father Sullivan, and finds solace only in his fantasies about a foul-mouthed Virgin Mary. He returns home to find Joe has outgrown him and befriended Phillip Nugent. Before long, his father has drunk himself to death. Faced with being left completely alone in the world, Francie loses his grip on reality and lashes out with uncontrollable brutality, which shocks his provincial hometown.
1651	Spanish Prisoner, The (1997)	Drama, Thriller	Corporate engineer Joe Ross has invented a potentially lucrative "process", the precise nature of which is never revealed. While on a retreat on the island of St. Estèphe, he meets wealthy stranger Julian "Jimmy" Dell and attracts the interest of one of the company's new secretaries, Susan Ricci.Jimmy wants to introduce Joe to his sister, an Olympic-class tennis player, in New York and asks him to deliver a package to her. Susan sits near Joe on the airplane back to New York, converses with him about how "you never know who anybody is," and talks about unwitting drug mules. Suddenly afraid the package might contain something illegal, he opens it on the plane but finds only a 1939 edition of the book Budge on Tennis, which he damages while opening. Once home, he buys an intact copy of the book and drops it at Jimmy's sister’s building, keeping the original at his office.Jimmy suggests that Joe's boss, Mr. Klein, might not give him fair compensation for his work. Jimmy invites Joe to dinner, and seemingly on a lark opens a Swiss bank account for him with a token balance of 15 Swiss francs. Taking him to dinner at a club requiring membership, Jimmy has Joe sign a certificate to join. Over dinner, he advises Joe to consult legal counsel about his position in the company regarding the Process. He invites Joe to meet with his own lawyer and tells him to bring along the only copy of the Process.Joe soon learns that Jimmy's sister does not exist, and realizes Jimmy is a con artist attempting to steal the Process. Joe contacts Pat McCune, a woman he met on the island who Susan told him was an FBI agent, and whose business card Susan had kept. McCune’s FBI squad enlists him in a sting operation to catch Jimmy. While fitting Joe with a wire for his planned meeting with Jimmy, an FBI agent explains the Spanish Prisoner con, a version of which Jimmy has been running on Joe. When Jimmy never shows up for the meeting, Joe realizes McCune is actually part of Jimmy's con game, and that the Process has just been stolen.Joe attempts to explain what happened to his employer and the police but finds that Jimmy has made it appear that he has sold his Process to the Japanese. The Swiss bank account that Jimmy opened for him makes it look as though he is hiding assets, and the certificate he signed to join the club turns out to be a request for political asylum in Venezuela, which has no extradition treaty with the United States. The police show Joe that Jimmy's apartment is a façade and that the club's members-only room is a normal restaurant. Joe is also framed for the murder of the company lawyer, George Lang.On the run, Joe reconnects with Susan, who says she believes his story. Joe remembers that the hotel on the island maintains video surveillance, which could prove that Jimmy was there. Susan takes him to the airport so he can fly back to the island. Seeing a police roadblock on the way to the airport, she convinces him to drive to Boston.At the airport in Boston, Susan gives Joe a plane ticket, and a camera bag, which unbeknownst to him contains a gun. Before passing through security, he realizes that Jimmy left his fingerprints on the book Joe was to deliver. He leaves the airport with Susan, still not realizing she is working against him. They purchase ferry tickets to return home. While Susan leaves to call Klein to inform him about the book, Joe attempts to board the ferry with the plane ticket, only to realize the ticket is for Venezuela, and that he was being set up.On the ferry, Jimmy suddenly appears and Susan turns on Joe; the final step of the con will be Joe's death, made to appear as a suicide. Jimmy reveals what he has done with the Process, and turns his gun on Joe, but is tranquilized by US Marshals pretending to be Japanese tourists. They reveal that they have been following Jimmy for months and that Mr. Klein plotted the con to keep all the profits for himself. Susan asks Joe for mercy, but he nonchalantly tells her she must "spend some time in [her] room", meaning prison.
1652	Temptress Moon (Feng Yue) (1996)	Romance	It is the day of the abdication of Emperor Puyi; the Pang clan, a wealthy family, is in decline. Zhongliang, a thirteen-year-old boy, arrives at the Pang estate to live with his sister Xiuyi and her husband Zhengda, a heavy opium user and the son of the family head. Ruyi, daughter of the head of the family, has been raised as an opium addict from birth and is consequently unable to be married off; she is running happily through the estate when Zhongliang arrives. Duanwu, a cousin with no prospects, longs to play with Ruyi. All three momentarily share a doorway. Zhongliang is treated like a servant, including being expected to prepare Zhengda's nightly opium pipe; it is heavily implied that Zhengda sexually abuses Zhongliang by forcing him into having sex with Xiuyi. After six months of continued abuse, Zhongliang flees the estate.Ten years later, Zhongliang has become a gigolo who seduces rich, married women for his boss Biggie in order to blackmail them. The scheme involves Zhongliang meeting a woman in a room and signaling his partners. His partners in crime storm the room, "capture" the couple by pulling black bags over their heads, and pretend to murder Zhongliang. The woman is then blackmailed to prevent exposure of the affair. Zhongliang's success with the scam has made it highly lucrative, and Biggie treats Zhongliang like a son. Zhongliang has been seeing one particular target, "the woman of Zephyr Lane", for weeks, and appears to have developed feelings for her; he lies to Biggie, telling him that her husband is out of town, and thus they cannot proceed with the blackmail against her.At the Pang estate, Zhengda has been seriously ill for the past ten years; he is unable to move or speak. As a result, when her father dies, Ruyi is named the head of the family. The family elders refuse to let a woman fully control the fate of the family, since women are "weak". Duanwu is outside the line of succession and cannot have any designs on leading the family himself, so they name him to assist Ruyi. However, when Ruyi uses her authority to expel her father's and brother's concubines, Duanwu supports her against the elders' wishes; infuriated, the elders beat Duanwu for his lack of manliness. Ruyi reasons that the concubines have been given the freedom that she longs for and will never have.Interested in acquiring the Pang family's money, Biggie sends Zhongliang back to the estate to seduce Ruyi. Zhongliang encounters his sister, whom he hates, but who claims that Zhongliang owes her for helping him to escape the estate ten years ago. Ruyi falls in love with Zhongliang, and seduces Duanwu in order to "practice" for Zhongliang, who claims he will take her with him when he leaves. Zhongliang, haunted by his past and unable to go through with the plan, abandons it at the last moment and returns to Shanghai alone. Ruyi is heartbroken, unable to speak of anything else, and Duanwu is beaten by the elders again for helping Ruyi plan to leave.To atone for his failure, Zhongliang agrees to swindle the woman of Zephyr Lane. Biggie, sensing Zhongliang is wavering in his duties despite this show of loyalty, tricks Ruyi into coming to Shanghai. Ruyi is accompanied by Duanwu, and both are exposed to the modern world for the first time. Ruyi is taken to a room across the street from Zhongliang's rendezvous where she witnesses Zhongliang's scam through the window. Not caring about her husband, the woman of Zephyr Lane demands to know if Zhongliang ever loved her, a question Zhongliang doesn't answer. The woman of Zephyr Lane throws herself off the balcony; Zhongliang is distraught by her death, and Biggie observes to his subordinates that Zhongliang is now permanently "ruined". Ruyi comes to the dance hall and confronts Zhongliang, repeatedly asking if Zhongliang loved her or the woman of Zephyr Lane, but Zhongliang does not answer her. When Ruyi returns to the boarding room in Shanghai she shares with Duanwu, Duanwu rapes her.Ruyi returns to the Pang estate and learns that her childhood betrothal, Jingyun, has returned. Jingyun informs Ruyi that their initial betrothal was ended by his family against his wishes. Zhongliang also returns to the estate; upon learning of Jingyun's return, he desperately tries to win Ruyi back, but she informs him she no longer loves him and will soon be married to Jingyun. Zhongliang prepares her opium pipe that evening, just as he did years ago for Zhengda, and it is revealed that he poisoned Zhengda with arsenic; he poisons Ruyi's pipe in the same manner, with his sister's help, who knew that he had also poisoned her husband. Struck with remorse, Zhongliang attempts to stop Ruyi from taking the poison, but he arrives too late; the next morning, as he prepares to board a ship to leave, he is gunned down at the dock. Duanwu is proclaimed the new head of the Pang clan, while Ruyi is shown tied to a wheelchair, in the same state as her brother. A brief shot shows Zhongliang, Duanwu, and Ruyi as children, standing in the doorway on the night of the Emperor's abdication.
1653	Entertaining Angels: The Dorothy Day Story (1996)	Drama	Entertaining Angels: The Dorothy Day Story is a 1996 independent film about the life of Dorothy Day, the journalist turned social activist and founder of the Catholic Worker newspaper. The film stars Moira Kelly as Day, Heather Graham, Lenny Von Dohlen and Martin Sheen. Writer John Wells and actors Kelly and Sheen also collaborated in the NBC dramatic series The West Wing. Kelly, Graham, and Von Dohlen previously appeared in David Lynch's Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me.
1654	Chairman of the Board (1998)	Comedy	Edison (Carrot Top) is a poor, failed inventor and surf bum who has spent his rent money on another unsuccessful invention. After failing to make money at a variety of jobs, Edison soon runs into a wealthy business magnate Armand McMillan (Jack Warden), whose car has broken down on the side of the road. After Edison uses his inventions to assist Armand, the old man becomes impressed with his ingenuity, and the two go surfing together and quickly become friends. When Armand passes away shortly thereafter, he leaves Edison 45% of the shares in his large invention corporation, and leaves Bradford (Larry Miller), his jealous nephew and only living relative, a surfboard as his only inheritance. Bradford attempts to derail Edison's success by stealing his formula for glow in the dark, which does not exist in the world of the film. Bradford shares it with a consumer who covers himself in it and alleges that Edison's prize invention—a portable TV/TV dinner combo—leaks radiation. When Edison reveals that radiation causes sickness and death, but not a literal glowing, the company is saved, Bradford is arrested, and Grace Kosik (Raquel Welch) makes a deal with the company to testify against Bradford. In the end, Edison appoints his girlfriend Natalie Stockwell (Courtney Thorne-Smith) to run the company.
1655	Favor, The (1994)	Comedy, Romance	Kathy Whiting has been happily married to her husband Peter, but their relationship has grown routine. As their 15-year reunion comes up, Kathy cannot help but wonder what would happen if she ever got together with her high school sweetheart, Tom Andrews, whom she had never slept with.Kathy’s best friend, Emily Embry, 30, has been seeing Elliot Fowler, an artist, 26, who insists on coming to a birthday party for Emily’s goddaughter, Kathy’s daughter. Bored with the kiddie party, Elliot quickly wishes to leave. Realizing that Elliot is at a different stage of life, Emily reminds him that they agreed to stop dating “when it stopped being fun.”Being married prevents Kathy from finding out what happened to Tom, so she asks the promiscuous Emily to do it for her. Kathy asks Emily to look up Tom when she goes to Denver, sleep with him, then tell Kathy what it was like.Emily does this, but when she tells Kathy that Tom is gorgeous and a fabulous lover, Kathy becomes obsessed with her best friend’s sex with “her” missed opportunity and—perversely—acts like Emily has violated their friendship by doing the “favor” Kathy asked her to do. Realizing the perverseness, Kathy tries to reignite passion with Peter; however, Peter lets everyday distractions keep him from being the exciting lover Kathy longs for.At Elliot’s art exhibition, Emily breaks up with him because he's too young for her and she's ready to find someone who will commit. Kathy and Emily again argue about Kathy’s irrational feelings of betrayal over Tom. Angry with Kathy’s perverseness, Emily lets Kathy believe she has broken up with Elliot because she's going to continue to see Tom and storms off. Peter sees Emily’s anger toward Kathy, followed by Kathy comforting Elliot, and becomes suspicious.Things become even more complicated when Emily learns she is pregnant, and tells Kathy that Elliot is the father but doesn't want Elliot to know because he wouldn't know how to handle it. Kathy decides that Elliot should know of impending fatherhood. Simultaneously Joe Dubin, a colleague of Peter's convinces him that Kathy may be cheating. Secretly following Kathy, Peter and Joe see her visiting Elliot’s art studio to tell him of Emily’s pregnancy and are convinced Kathy’s having an affair with Elliot. Kathy warns Elliot not to tell Emily that he knows she's pregnant. Going to see Kathy, Elliot convinces her that she was hasty in breaking up with him and never gave him a chance to “audition” for a deeper relationship. Later discussing Elliot’s visit, Kathy lets slip to Emily that she told Elliot about the pregnancy. Angry with Kathy’s meddling—and wishing to punish her—Kathy tells Emily that Tom is actually the father. Overcome with jealousy, Kathy decides to tell Tom about his "impending fatherhood", but tells Peter that she will be visiting her mother.Elliot has a show in Denver, and Kathy ends up on the same flight, telling him Emily’s baby is actually Tom's. Kathy dresses up in a sexy red dress to seduce Tom. Tom finds his old flame, Kathy, attractive and they go to his cabin. In the meantime, Peter shows up at Elliot’s hotel, hitting Elliot before he can explain. Meanwhile Emily arrives at Tom’s cabin to warn Kathy that Peter is coming to find her with Tom. Seeing how Kathy is dressed, Peter will never believe her alibi that she is there to tell Tom of Emily’s pregnancy. Emily, who is wearing business clothes, changes clothes with Kathy, donning Kathy’s provocative red dress. Thinking he's the father of Emily’s baby, Tom is insensitive and unwilling to “step up.” Elliot arrives and steps up when Emily straightens out the paternity issue. Peter asks Kathy what is really going on, and she confesses her curiosity about her old high school boyfriend. When Peter points out that they are no longer 16, Kathy confesses that she felt no longer attractive and desired, but that she loves him. Understanding his wife’s almost-transgression, Peter reassures her that he finds her attractive and they head off to the hotel together.Kathy helps Emily plan her wedding with Elliot, while Peter is reassured things are back to normal.
1656	Little City (1998)	Comedy, Romance	In an AA support group, womanizing bartender Kevin is talking about how he thought his relationships with women would change after he stopped drinking. Kevin sees a woman he wants, but loses interest in her after he gets her. He realizes this is not a healthy relationship pattern but does not know how to change it.Rebecca, a single woman new to the "small town" of San Francisco, applies for a bartender job at the same bar Kevin works at. Although Kevin comes onto Rebecca immediately, she recognizes Kevin's playboy ways and rebuffs him; however, the two become good friends. Adam, Kevin's friend who drives a cab to support himself while he pursues his passion for painting, confides in Kevin about his girlfriend Nina and his suspicions she is having an affair. When Adam tries to initiate sex with Nina later at home, she tells him she is tired. Quickly realizing he may become suspicious, Nina changes her mind and decides to sleep with him; although, unbeknownst to Adam, she has just come back from sleeping with her lover.Kevin and Nina meet in a Catholic church where he tells her that Adam suspects she is cheating on him. Nina is alarmed and asks Kevin if Adam knows who her lover is. It is revealed Kevin is the man with whom she is cheating on Adam with, stemming form her feelings of being neglected by Adam. The two express guilt over deceiving Adam, but they also acknowledge they cannot stay away from each other. Nina also feels that Adam is not over his ex-girlfriend, Kate, who left him for another woman, Anne, after coming out as a lesbian.Adam, figuring out Kevin is the man sleeping with Nina, confronts him at the bar where Kevin and Rebecca work. Kevin argues Adam was not treating Nina right and claims Adam is not truly in love with her because he has not gotten over his ex. Adam recognizes some truth in what Kevin says, but he still angrily smashes a shot glass against the bar wall before storming out.Rebecca, being new in town and unlucky in love, meets Anne at a coffee shop. Even though she does not have a serious interest in being a lesbian, she decides to sleep with Anne to see if it excites her more than sleeping with men, which has so far been underwhelming for her. Her first lesbian experience with Anne is interrupted by Kate who returns home early after finally coming out of the closet to her parents. Catching Anne and Rebecca in bed together, Kate walks out. Rebecca, realizing she is not really a lesbian, does not see Anne again out of embarrassment.Kate is left heartbroken by Anne's transgression. Anne, on the other hand, has been looking for a reason to break it off with Kate, who is the younger of the two and more serious about the relationship. Anne does not like the domestic routine the two have settled into and tells Kate that she has never been very good at monogamy.After confronting Nina about her affair with Kevin, Adam and Nina break up. Learning Kate is no longer with Anne, Adam sees it as an opportunity to get back together with her, although she tells him it's not possible. Adam meets Rebecca when he picks her up in his cab on her way to a blind date. They recognize each other from his blow-up in the bar and are instantly attracted to each other. Although Rebecca warns Adam that she is not very comfortable with her own body and does not feel terribly connected to it in bed, Rebecca discovers sex with Adam is better than any experience she has had before.With Nina and Adam's relationship over, Kevin tells Nina that their relationship was not only sex and that he's in love with her. Nina, knowing Kevin's past indiscretions of dumping women after he sleeps with them and loses interest, does not believe his declaration and tells him she does not want to see him again. Meanwhile, Adam and Rebecca are happy until Kate calls him and tells him she wants to get back together and wants him to father a child. He is initially angry with Kate, telling her that her timing is way off and he is now seeing someone else. After thinking it over, he regretfully breaks up with Rebecca to get back with Kate. Hurt, Rebecca tells Adam that she is the one that broke Kate and Anne up when Kate caught the two in bed, saying she supposes Adam leaving her makes her and Kate "even". She also tells Adam not to call her when Kate inevitably breaks his heart again.Kate tries to settle into the rekindled relationship with Adam, but after realizing that she is more attracted to women, she breaks up with him again. However, instead of diving into another relationship, Kate has decided to stay single for now and try to get to know herself. Nina turns up pregnant, but does not know if the baby is Kevin's or Adam's because she slept with both of them in the same night. Kevin still professes his love for Nina, but she is still suspect of his true feelings. Adam finds out she is pregnant, but with the three of them not knowing whose child it is, everything is put on hold. Adam finally goes to Nina's place to have it out with her over who is the father of her baby. He finds Nina and Kevin there together, telling Adam that they have decided to get married. Adam is angry but acquiesces, seeing that Kevin really loves Nina. Nina tells both of them she does not want to know who the biological father of her child is and tells Adam that she and Kevin are going to raise the child. Rebecca, hearing about everything that happened from Kevin, and knowing that Adam would not call her, goes to see him, and the two resume their relationship.
1657	Target (1995)	Action, Drama	Target is a 1995 Indian Hindi-language drama film directed by Sandip Ray based on the novel Manushar Juddha, written by Prafulla Roy. The film is centred on the relationship between Singh, a cruel, manipulative landowner and his workers that belong to the caste of pariahs.
1658	Substance of Fire, The (1996)	Drama	The Substance of Fire is a play by Jon Robin Baitz.
1659	Getting Away With Murder (1996)	Comedy	Ethics professor Jack Lambert's neighbor Max Mueller is revealed on the TV news to be escaped Nazi war criminal Karl Luger, whom the courts sentenced to death. Pressured by the news media's allegations, Mueller plans escape to South America.Angered that Mueller might never pay for his crimes, Lambert takes the drastic step of poisoning him by injecting cyanide into some of the fruit in Mueller's apple tree, from which he regularly makes freshly juiced apple juice. The police initially believe it's a suicide, greatly upsetting Lambert, who mails them a cryptic letter explaining that it was actually a murder to carry out the court sentence and to avenge all the lives taken.Later, the TV news reveals that Mueller was misidentified and is innocent. Feeling guilty, Lambert atones by dumping his fiancée Gail and marrying Mueller's daughter Inga. However, after the wedding, Lambert receives information assuring him of Mueller's guilt.
1660	Small Faces (1995)	Drama	Small Faces were an English rock band from London, founded in 1965. The group originally consisted of Steve Marriott, Ronnie Lane, Kenney Jones and Jimmy Winston, with Ian McLagan replacing Winston as the band's keyboardist in 1966. The band were one of the most acclaimed and influential mod groups of the 1960s, recording hit songs such as "Itchycoo Park", "Lazy Sunday", "All or Nothing" and "Tin Soldier", as well as their concept album Ogdens' Nut Gone Flake. They evolved into one of the UK's most successful psychedelic bands until 1969. When Marriott left to form Humble Pie, the remaining three members collaborated with Ronnie Wood, Wood's older brother Art Wood, Rod Stewart and Kim Gardner, briefly continuing under the name Quiet Melon, and then, with the departure of Art Wood and Gardner, as the Faces. In North America, the Faces' debut album was credited to Small Faces. Following the breakup of both the Faces and Humble Pie in 1975, the classic line-up of Small Faces, consisting of Marriott, Lane, McLagan and Jones, re-formed after a re-release of "Itchycoo Park" became a top-ten hit. Lane left shortly thereafter, and was replaced by Rick Wills (later of Foreigner). This line-up (dubbed Mk-II by Marriott) recorded one album Playmates before recruiting Jimmy McCulloch. This five-piece line-up released only 78 in the Shade before breaking up. Small Faces have been considered one of the early inspirations for – and even an early root of – the later Britpop movement. English music journalist Jon Savage has called them "the one Brit group that prefigures the early Sex Pistols". The Sex Pistols covered Small Faces' "Whatcha Gonna Do About It", and their member Glen Matlock performed with a reformed version of successor band Faces. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012.
1661	New Age, The (1994)	Drama	New Age is a range of spiritual or religious practices and beliefs that rapidly grew in Western society during the early 1970s. Its highly eclectic and unsystematic structure makes a precise definition difficult. Although many scholars consider it a religious movement, its adherents typically see it as spiritual or as a unification of mind, body, and spirit, and rarely use the term New Age themselves. Scholars often call it the New Age movement, although others contest this term and suggest it is better seen as a milieu or zeitgeist. As a form of Western esotericism, the New Age drew heavily upon esoteric traditions such as the occultism of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, including the work of Emanuel Swedenborg and Franz Mesmer, as well as Spiritualism, New Thought, and Theosophy. More immediately, it arose from mid-20th-century influences such as the UFO religions of the 1950s, the counterculture of the 1960s, and the Human Potential Movement. Its exact origins remain contested, but it became a major movement in the 1970s, at which time it was centered largely in the United Kingdom. It expanded widely in the 1980s and 1990s, in particular in the United States. By the start of the 21st century, the term New Age was increasingly rejected within this milieu, with some scholars arguing that the New Age phenomenon had ended. Despite its eclectic nature, the New Age has several main currents. Theologically, the New Age typically accepts a holistic form of divinity that pervades the universe, including human beings themselves, leading to a strong emphasis on the spiritual authority of the self. This is accompanied by a common belief in a variety of semi-divine non-human entities such as angels, with whom humans can communicate, particularly by channeling through a human intermediary. Typically viewing history as divided into spiritual ages, a common New Age belief posits a forgotten age of great technological advancement and spiritual wisdom that declined into periods of increasing violence and spiritual degeneracy, which will now be remedied by the emergence of an Age of Aquarius, from which the milieu gets its name. There is also a strong focus on healing, particularly using forms of alternative medicine, and an emphasis on unifying science with spirituality. The dedication of New Agers varied considerably, from those who adopted a number of New Age ideas and practices to those who fully embraced and dedicated their lives to it. The New Age has generated criticism from Christians as well as modern Pagan and Indigenous communities. From the 1990s onward, the New Age became the subject of research by academic scholars of religious studies.
1662	Rough Magic (1995)	Drama, Romance	Rough Magic is a 1995 comedy film directed by Clare Peploe, starring Bridget Fonda and Russell Crowe. The screenplay was written by Robert Mundi, William Brookfield, and Clare Peploe. Rough Magic is based on the 1944 novel Miss Shumway Waves a Wand by British novelist James Hadley Chase; that novel had previously been adapted as the 1962 French-Argentine film Une blonde comme ça.
1663	Nothing Personal (1995)	Drama, War	In 1975 Belfast, the Troubles are in full effect. A Protestant bar is bombed by Catholics and several people are killed. Hours later, Protestant fighters Kenny and Ginger retaliate by killing a Catholic, starting a full-scale riot. Meanwhile, Liam, a Catholic single father, attempts to help the victims of the fighting, but finds himself on the wrong side of the Protestant-Catholic divide.
1664	8 Heads in a Duffel Bag (1997)	Comedy	Tommy Spinelli is a wiseguy hired by Benny and Rico, a pair of dimwitted hitmen, to transport a duffel bag full of severed heads across the United States to crime boss "Big Sep" (as proof of the deaths). While on a commercial flight, his bag is accidentally switched with that of Charlie Pritchett, a friendly, talkative, young American tourist who is going to Mexico to see his girlfriend Laurie and her parents, Dick and Annette.Spinelli harasses Charlie's friends Ernie and Steve for information, while Charlie and Laurie attempt to get rid of their rather unfortunate luggage.After Charlie meets with Laurie and her parents at the airport with the wrong bag, they go to their rooms at the resort in Acapulco, Mexico. Soon, Annette mistakenly thinks that Charlie might be a serial killer on the run once she sees a head in his bag while hiding a gift for him inside the bag. Her husband thinks it's all a delusion brought on by her alcoholism.At first, Charlie and Laurie try to bury the heads in the desert, but a group of thugs steals their car. Then Charlie comes up with an idea that he will give back the heads without anyone noticing, by pretending he forgot to turn in his report back at his college. In turn, everyone packs up for the airport.At the airport, Charlie accidentally puts a severed head in Dick's carry-on bag, causing him to get arrested. They never leave Acapulco since they have to come up with a new plan to save Dick.Meanwhile, Tommy, Ernie and Steve start to look for replacement heads, after Charlie tells Tommy he lost one. They start to look in a cryonics lab, where they store bodies and severed heads, much to Tommy's approval. After getting the replacement heads, Tommy and the others get on a plane and head to Mexico. Tommy threatens Charlie that if he loses more heads, he'll replace them with Charlie's friends and family. After hearing of the airport incident, Benny and Rico decide to collect the heads for themselves.When Fern, Dick's mother, arrives in Mexico, Tommy takes her and the others hostage as he helps Charlie find more heads. They find out that a coyote took one of the heads from the stolen car. Tommy also realizes that Benny and Rico are going to kill him if he doesn't get the heads across the border in time. Charlie comes up with a plan to save both their lives.Charlie and Laurie take a severed head to the airport to prove her father's innocence. Benny and Rico try to intervene, but end up getting arrested. It is revealed that Tommy and Charlie set them up. Charlie thanks him for his help, as Tommy departs to Hawaii. Steve goes insane and starts running around the airport with a severed head, telling security guards that it is his "best friend".Charlie and Laurie get married, with her mother and father present; Steve is in a straitjacket; Ernie is a brain surgeon; Fern is also present in a full body cast after being thrown out of a moving van when she started to bad-mouth Tommy; and Tommy is enjoying his retirement.
1665	Brother's Kiss, A (1997)	Drama	Mick (Michael Raynor) and Lex (Nick Chinlund) are a pair of brothers who grew up in Harlem under circumstances that were difficult at best. Their mother Doreen (Cathy Moriarty) was a diabetic with a drinking problem and difficulty in saying no to men. While she wasn't a sex worker, she grew dependent on the little gifts her lovers would bring by, and as kids, Mick and Lex learned to accept this as the way things were. One night, Mick and Lex were taking a walk in the park when they were accosted by a cop who molested the younger Mick. Lex, older and strong as a grown man, attacked the cop, which led to a stay in a reform school. Years later, Mick is himself a policeman; while he's tried to bury the childhood incident in his past, he still shows emotional scars and is sexually dysfunctional. Lex has taken the more dramatic slide, getting in and out of trouble since reform school and maintaining a going-nowhere job driving a bus. He has a combative relationship with Debbie (Rosie Perez), girlfriend and the mother of his child, while also selling drugs for local dealer Lefty Louie (John Leguizamo). His own habit has developed so far that his sales don't compensate for the amount he uses himself. Mick tries to look out for his big brother, but it might be too late to save him.
1666	Ripe (1996)	Drama	Karen Lynn Gorney (born January 28, 1945) is an American actress who had roles in television shows and films including the soap opera All My Children and the movie Saturday Night Fever.
1667	Next Step, The (1995)	Drama	Brittany Lynn Raymond (born February 24, 1995) is a Canadian actress and dancer. She is best known for her role as Riley in the Family Channel series The Next Step and Cori Ross in the USA Network series, Dare Me.
1668	Wedding Bell Blues (1996)	Comedy	Three women are apartment mates: one is about to be married, another discovers she is pregnant by her longtime boyfriend, and the third has an endless queue of men in and out of her bedroom. Sudden jiltings lead them to Vegas.
1669	MURDER and murder (1996)	Crime, Drama, Mystery	Murder is the unlawful killing of another human without justification or valid excuse committed with the necessary intention as defined by the law in a specific jurisdiction. This state of mind may, depending upon the jurisdiction, distinguish murder from other forms of unlawful homicide, such as manslaughter. Manslaughter is killing committed in the absence of malice, such as in the case of voluntary manslaughter brought about by reasonable provocation, or diminished capacity. Involuntary manslaughter, where it is recognized, is a killing that lacks all but the most attenuated guilty intent, recklessness. Most societies consider murder to be an extremely serious crime, and thus believe that a person convicted of murder should receive harsh punishments for the purposes of retribution, deterrence, rehabilitation, or incapacitation. In most countries, a person convicted of murder generally receives a long-term prison sentence, a life sentence, or capital punishment. Some countries, states, and territories, including the United Kingdom and other countries with English-derived common law, mandate life imprisonment for murder, whether it is subdivided into first-degree murder or otherwise.
1670	Tainted (1998)	Comedy, Thriller	= The Empire of Khanum is surrounded by a sea wall. Each wet season, leviathans emerge from the deep ocean and are turned back by imperial weaponry. Imperial citizens live in constant fear of a breach in the walls. The administrative branch of the Empire includes divisions called Iyalets; these include the Iudex (investigators), Legion (armed forces), Engineers (infrastructure), and Apothetikals (botanical modification). Apothetikals use leviathan-derived technology to modify both plants and humans, giving them special powers. Humans who have received apothetikal modifications are called sublimes. Several types of sublimes include engravers (who have perfect memory), axioms (who have augmented mathematical abilities), and cracklers (who have enhanced physical strength). The Empire is divided into various cantons. Years before the start of the story, the canton of Oypat was overrun by a modified plant known as dappleglass. Despite the efforts of the apothetikals, no cure for dappleglass infestation was found. The entire canton was sealed off, and its citizens were evacuated to other regions.
1671	Further Gesture, A (1996)	Drama	A gesture is a form of nonverbal communication or non-vocal communication in which visible bodily actions communicate particular messages, either in place of, or in conjunction with, speech. Gestures include movement of the hands, face, or other parts of the body. Gestures differ from physical non-verbal communication that does not communicate specific messages, such as purely expressive displays, proxemics, or displays of joint attention. Gestures allow individuals to communicate a variety of feelings and thoughts, from contempt and hostility to approval and affection, often together with body language in addition to words when they speak. Gesticulation and speech work independently of each other, but join to provide emphasis and meaning. Gesture processing takes place in areas of the brain such as Broca's and Wernicke's areas, which are used by speech and sign language. In fact, language is thought by some scholars to have evolved in Homo sapiens from an earlier system consisting of manual gestures. The theory that language evolved from manual gestures, termed Gestural Theory, dates back to the work of 18th-century philosopher and priest Abbé de Condillac, and has been revived by contemporary anthropologist Gordon W. Hewes, in 1973, as part of a discussion on the origin of language.
1672	Kika (1993)	Drama	Kika, a naïve make-up artist, recalls how she met her lover Ramón. She had given her phone number to his stepfather, American writer Nicholas Pierce, and he had called her not for sex as she had hoped, but to make up the younger man's corpse. He was, however, merely catatonic and suddenly awoke. Ramón is a fashion photographer with voyeuristic tendencies who was traumatised by his mother's suicide after several attempts. He lets Nicholas, who has returned to Madrid, live above their flat and the two discuss whether to sell the family home outside of town, Casa Youkali, which they jointly own. Ramón proposes to Kika, who accepts but feels conflicted as she has been cheating on him with Nicholas.Nicholas is working on a novel about a lesbian serial killer, but he makes ends meet by freelancing discreetly for an outrageously exploitative television show which focuses on bizarre and macabre events. The show is devised and presented by Andrea Caracortada ("Andrea Scarface"), who wears over-the-top outfits and a persona to match. Andrea used to be a psychologist, and Ramón was once her patient, then her lover. He tells Nicholas that she scarred her own face when he left her and she is now stalking him.On her show, Andrea reports that Paul Bazzo (real name: Pablo Mendez), a dim-witted sex maniac and former pornographic actor jailed for rapes, has escaped while attending a religious procession. He turns up at Ramón and Kika's flat because their maid Juana is his long-suffering sister. Juana instructs him to tie her up, knock her unconscious and steal valuables, then hide at a cousin's place. Paul, however, finds Kika napping and rapes her at knife point. An unseen voyeur peeping at Kika's room notifies the police and two incompetent inspectors eventually arrive, shoot up the door and with great difficulty interrupt the rape. Paul escapes and bumps into Andrea, kitted out in a futuristic reporter's outfit complete with helmet-mounted video camera. She asks for an interview, but he pushes her off and steals her motorcycle. She then enters the flat and harasses Kika. The police are puzzled at her presence, because although they often tip her off, they did not in this case. Andrea credits an unknown peeping tom for alerting her and broadcasts video footage of the rape on her show, causing Kika to break down.In the aftermath, Kika finds Ramón to be no help and she overhears him confess to Nicholas that it was he who called the police: he liked to peep on her from his photographic studio's window.  She leaves him in silence, as does a guilt-ridden Juana who confesses her part in the rape. Ramón also tells Nicholas that he has held on to his mother's diaries but never found the strength to read them. He does so, however, after Nicholas has moved back to Casa Youkali, and discovers that the farewell letter to him that Nicholas had passed on was actually ripped from an old entry. Ramón confronts Nicholas and accuses him of murdering his mother.Meanwhile, it turns out that Andrea and Ramón both spied on the flat from separate addresses. While reviewing footage of the upper floor, Andrea realises that Nicholas appears to have murdered one of his several girlfriends, Susana, when she visited him. Connecting this to his latest book, she also goes to Casa Youkali armed with a pistol and finds a freshly dug grave in the garden. Nicholas barricades himself, but she breaks in aggressively and offers to interview him and let him run away before the broadcast. They fight and shoot each other. Kika also appears and Nicholas confesses with his dying breath that his novel about a lesbian serial killer is actually a disguised autobiography, as Andrea had figured out. Kika also finds the bodies of Andrea, Susana and Ramón, but she manages to resurrect the latter a second time with electric shocks. Ramón had gone into shock after finding Susana's body in the bathroom.While Ramón is taken to hospital, Kika picks up a stranded driver and takes an instant interest in him, stating that she might need a new direction.
1673	Mirage (1995)	Action, Thriller	There's this detective dude who's hired to follow some guy's wife because she keeps getting herself into trouble. She suffers from severe headaches and loss of memory. She never seems to know what's going on. It turns out she has a split personality and the second personality is the one getting her in trouble.
1674	Mamma Roma (1962)	Drama	After her pimp Carmine marries, prostitute Mamma Roma starts a new life as a marketer in Rome to enable her 16-year-old son Ettore a better life. She finds him a job as a waiter by blackmailing a trattoria owner and tries to draw him away from his thieving friends and occasional streetwalker Bruna. When Mamma Roma is forced back into prostitution by Carmine and Ettore finds out about it, he returns to his previous habits. Caught during a theft in a hospital, Ettore dies in jail from a fever, leaving behind his grieving, desperate mother.
1675	Sunchaser, The (1996)	Drama	Brandon "Blue" Monroe, a 16-year-old half-Navajo gang member from East L.A., is serving time in prison for murdering his abusive stepfather. On an annual medical visit, Blue is told by Dr. Michael Reynolds, a wealthy, materialistic oncologist with a wife Victoria and daughter Calantha, that he is dying of abdominal cancer and has very little time left to live. Convinced that he can heal if he gets to Webster Skyhorse, a medicine man in Arizona he knew when he was 8, Blue kidnaps Michael, holding him at gunpoint, and forces him to drive them to a nearby garage where they switch cars.Blue seeks to find Dibé Nitsaa (one of the six mountain lakes sacred to the Navajo people), said to heal the wounds of anyone who swims in its waters. Michael, however, bemoans his capture to Blue, seeking help to anyone who he comes across and complaining that he is missing out on a dinner engagement for promotion as head of the oncology department. The two men are instantly at odds with each other, separated by their education, class, race, and two very different world views. Michael believes that modern medicine has all the answers to whatever ails human beings, while Blue believes in Native American spirituality which honors the spirit world, sacred places, and herbal medicine.En route to Arizona, Michael and Blue have a rough encounter with a group of bikers in a small town, and a chase pursues. Later, Michael is bitten by a rattlesnake but is quickly treated for it by Blue, without medical equipment. Back in Los Angeles, Victoria elicits a police manhunt, and the authorities then attempt to track the two men on their eastward journey. As Michael grows closer to his abductor, he comes to terms with a harbored childhood secret that had haunted him; he was forced to take the life of his older brother Jimmy, who was on his death bed and had asked a young Michael to pull the plug.As Blue's condition worsens, Michael resorts to illegal means to obtain the needed medicine by breaking into a hospital in Flagstaff. The next morning, the two enter the Navajo reservation, but spot a police cruiser parked ahead of them. To escape, Michael drives off the main road and blends in with a cattle herd, becoming unnoticed in the dust kickup.Eluding the authorities and finally committed to helping Blue on his quest, Michael manages to whisk Blue up the mountain. Meanwhile, a police helicopter spots their car parked nearby. Reaching the top, Blue is reunited with Skyhorse, who directs him to the lake. Michael and Blue embrace, and the two part ways. As the helicopter spots Michael, Blue runs toward the lake, before mystically disappearing into its waters. Back in L.A., Michael, escorted by the police and wearing handcuffs, is reunited with his family.
1676	War at Home, The (1996)	Drama	Jeremy Collier is a returning Vietnam War hero whose experiences leave him unable to adjust to the quiet realities of small-town life. Bob Collier, Jeremy's father, expects his son to go back to his life as it was, without understanding the problems of PTSD. Jeremy's mother, Maurine, treats him "like he's a 10-year-old," and seems to think he should forget about his war experiences. His sister Karen is more understanding of his readjustment problems, but their father doesn't want her to help her brother.When the family's Thanksgiving celebration occurs Jeremy refuses to put on his "nice" clothes and instead decides to wear his combat uniform and medal. At the conclusion of the Thanksgiving celebration, Jeremy pulls his handgun on his father and his family, explaining the hate he feels for his father because he would not lend Jeremy money to leave the country to escape the draft.
1677	Sweet Nothing (1995)	Drama	After his wife Monika gives birth to his second child, Angel goes out to celebrate. Angel’s friend Ray offers him his first hit of crack cocaine and he gets hooked on the drug. With the hesitant support of Monika, Angel decides to deal drugs for a short period to get the family out of debt and afford nice things for them. However, as Angel’s addiction grows, his involvement in dealing increases, with his family taking the toll.
1678	Mat' i syn (1997)	Drama	The film opens on two human forms, which soon reveal themselves to be that of a young man and a frail old woman. They recline in a silence broken only by whispers and indistinguishable noises. The young man is the son (Alexei Ananishnov) who is taking care of his exhausted sick mother (Gudrun Geyer). Her illness is undefined and from time to time causes her great pain as she gasps for air. Her son combs her hair, feeds her, covers her with a coat, and takes her in his arms. She is totally dependent on him as he himself was once totally dependent on her. As the film progresses, the son carries his mother on a long journey from her sickbed to her deathbed. It is a circular motion which travels a long walk through a dreamlike landscape in the countryside, along winding dirt roads. At each of their brief stops on the journey is a moment of contemplation, caresses, and tender murmurs. These soft murmurs tell of the mother's love for her son when she was nurturing him and of the son's love for his mother as he opens for her the mysterious path to her death. They progress under the leaden and luminous sky of the Baltic, in totally isolated landscapes. From time to time, there is a far away train or a sail on the sea, emphasizing further their isolation from the rest of the world.They return to the house. The son tenderly lowers his mother into her bed that now seems to resemble a coffin. Although he tries to reassure her to the contrary they both know that the end is coming. He leaves her and goes for a long solitary walk. When he returns he weeps for his mother who's died.
1679	B. Monkey (1998)	Romance, Thriller	Alan is a schoolteacher in London who also moonlights as a jazz disc jockey for a hospital PA system.  One night after work, he goes to a bar and sees Beatrice, a beautiful woman who is arguing with two men. Alan is immediately captivated by Beatrice and begins to pursue her. What Alan doesn't know is that Beatrice is an infamous thief known to the police as "B. Monkey" (named for her ability to break into anything) and the men she was arguing with were Paul and Bruno, a homosexual couple who are her partners in crime. When Alan becomes aware of Beatrice's secret, he tries to lead her into a safer and more honest way of life, even as she lures him into the thrilling existence he's been dreaming of.
1680	Sliding Doors (1998)	Drama, Romance	Helen Quilley gets fired from her public relations (PR) job. As she leaves the office building, she drops an earring in the lift, and a man picks it up for her. She rushes for her train on the London Underground but misses it as the train doors are closed, but the film then rewinds, and the scene is replayed except that now she manages to board the train. The film continues, alternating between the two storylines in which different events ensue.In the storyline in which she boards the train, Helen sits beside James, who had picked up her earring in the lift, on the Underground, and they strike up a conversation that cheers her up. She gets home to catch her boyfriend, Gerry, in bed with his American ex-girlfriend, Lydia. Helen leaves him and moves in with her friend Anna. At Anna's suggestion, Helen changes her hairstyle to make a fresh start.James befriends Helen and she begins to move on from Gerry as he cheers her up and encourages her to start her own small PR firm. They fall in love, despite her reservations about beginning another relationship so soon after her ugly breakup with Gerry. Eventually, Helen discovers that she is pregnant by James. She goes to see him at his office and is stunned to learn from James's secretary that he is married.James, having discovered that Helen has learned he is married, searches frantically for her before finding her on a bridge and explaining that while he is married, he is separated and will soon be divorced, and that he and his wife maintain the appearance of a happy marriage for the sake of his sick mother. After she and James reconcile and declare their love, Helen walks into the road and is hit by a van.In the storyline in which Helen misses the train, she is further delayed by an attempted mugging, which leads to a hospital visit. She arrives home after Lydia has left, and remains oblivious to Gerry's infidelity. Unable to find another public relations job, she takes two part-time jobs to pay the bills. Gerry continues to juggle the two women in his life, and Helen gradually becomes suspicious. She discovers she is pregnant but does not tell Gerry.Lydia soon realizes Gerry will never leave Helen for her and angrily breaks things off with him, to Gerry's relief. Lydia also realizes she is pregnant by Gerry and summons Helen under the guise of a job interview, but instead reveals the affair and her pregnancy to Helen. Distraught, Helen flees and falls down the stairs.In both timelines, Helen is taken to the hospital and loses her baby. In the timeline in which Helen originally boarded the train and met James, her injuries are too severe and she dies with James at her bedside. In the timeline in which Helen missed the train, she recovers and tells Gerry to leave for good. She encounters James, who is visiting his mother, in the hospital lift. He utters the same cheer-up joke he told Helen in the other timeline. However, this time, Helen correctly quotes the punch line, and they turn and look at each other.
1681	You So Crazy (1994)	Comedy	You So Crazy is a 1994 stand up comedy film directed by Thomas Schlamme and starring Martin Lawrence. It was his first major film and stand-up act. Lawrence wears a black, leather suit in the film similar to the wardrobe worn by Eddie Murphy in his films Delirious and Raw. During the routine, Lawrence comments on various topics such as his success, growing up, sexual acts and racism. The concert was filmed at the Majestic Theatre in 1993 in New York City before a sold-out crowd. Martin followed You So Crazy up with Martin Lawrence Live: Runteldat in 2002. You So Crazy helped Lawrence breakout during the early 1990s. The film went on to become a success for Lawrence, generating over $10 million at the box office. The film also gained popularity thanks to late night airings on HBO and Cinemax. The film originally received an NC-17 rating from the MPAA, causing Miramax (the film's original distributor) to sell it to Samuel Goldwyn, which released it unrated.
1682	Scream of Stone (Schrei aus Stein) (1991)	Drama	Two champion climbers, young Martin and experienced Roger, compete to be the first to conquer a daunting snow-covered peak.
